 eggnog ? newline newline what s that ?  newline newline it s the nog of an egg , but that s not important right now , creepy cgi tom hanks . boy , what were you thinking when you got this script ? i mean , i know you filmed apollo 13 in zero gravity , but did you have to go sticking your dick into the uncanny valley , too ? the children . you scare them . hey , can i tell you a funny story ? newline newline ok. newline newline so about damn near 20 years ago , i m in a burger king in st paul , minnesota . it does nt exist anymore , but it was on university , just down the street from the turf club . anyways , i m with my friend , we get some food , but i wan na wash my hands before i eat . i m washing up , and there s a guy in the toilet stall , right ? and he says  hey , excuse me , can you help me with something ?  and i m like  uh ...  because i ve never ever been asked a question in a bk john . but the guy , he keeps talking , he says  i did nt realize there was no toilet paper here . could you go tell an employee ?  newline newline did you ?  newline newline no , creepy cgi tom hanks . christ , stop looking at me . it s just so weird . much like the guy in the stall . i went back and i ate with my friend . and we were only there for 10 minutes but the guy never came out of the bathroom . and then i felt bad . newline newline how bad ? like buying a money pit bad or making that awful movie with julia roberts bad ?  newline newline a little of both . so i grabbed some napkins and went back in , feeling all kinds of guilty . i stuck my hand with the napkins under the stall and said  hey , sorry it took me so long , but when i went out to the counter , tom hanks walked in .  and the guy was like  whoa , really ?  i and i said ,  yeah , he said he was in town and really needed his whopper fix .  and they guy s like  wow , tom hanks !  and i m all  bye !  and we left without seeing the guy at all . so there may be some guy still out there telling his side of the story , that he almost met tom hanks but he was stuck in a burger king shitter for almost 15 minutes . anyhow , get off of my property . newline newline  creepy cgi tom hanks and the bipolar express vanish  newline newline  zoom out through space and time until screen is pure white  newline newline  pull back further , it s a volleyball with a red handprint on it  newline newline man , i just had the craziest dream ... .newline 113 seconds . newline newline it was being nice to me today . i mean , what could go wrong in a school bathroom ? i flushed . the pipes weren  t clogged , so i didn  t have to worry about an exploding toilet . i left the stall and looked around . then , i felt it . if i didn  t have telekinesis , i wouldn  t have noticed the ground moving under my feet . an earthquake was coming . newline newline 98 seconds . newline newline  hey , new kid ! you lost in a bathroom ? first time taking a piss ?  i whirled around to see spike andrews laughing at his own joke . i had only been a freshman at eastwood high for five days , but i already knew spike was the most popular kid in the school . he  s the typical senior bully : star football player , cheerleader girlfriend , the works . newline newline  you need to leave now.  i said evenly . newline  are you threatening me , freak ?  spike retorted . he shoved me , and i slammed into the row of sinks . newline newline 73 seconds . newline newline  you wan na fight ?  spike continued , aiming a punch at my nose . my body was turned so he couldn  t see my right arm , so i could use some telekinesis without him knowing . i made the punch land on my cheek . a bloody nose would be hard to explain away . the punch sent me sprawling across the floor . newline newline 58 seconds . newline newline  you don  t have much time , spike . you  ll die if you stay here.  i tried . newline  who  s gon na kill me ? you ?  he fired back . i was getting nowhere . he tried a kick to my ribs , but i made his foot miss . i did not have time for this . the quake was getting more pronounced now , but i knew spike still couldn  t feel it . newline newline 39 seconds . newline newline i pulled as hard as i could at the stall door behind spike . telekinesis lets me pull things that would normally be too heavy , but it  s still a struggle . i could feel the hinges breaking when spike went in for a second kick . it connected , and i rolled over in pain . newline newline 23 seconds . newline newline there was no time now . i saw on spike  s face that he felt the rumbling . with a sudden burst of mental strength , i ripped the door free and sent it flying towards spike . he had only begun to figure out what was going on when the door collided with his head . he was out cold . newline newline 14 seconds . newline newline the adrenaline in my system was definitely helping my telekinesis . it was easy to throw spike out of the bathroom . he hit the opposite wall with a sickening crunch , but i had no time to worry about that . the rumbling shook the bathroom , and cracks started to appear on the floor . newline newline 7 seconds . newline newline i started to run , but slipped halfway down the bathroom , almost falling . newline newline 4 seconds . newline newline i recovered , and made a giant leap towards the door . i could see the timer in my head hit zero as the ground beneath the stalls opened up . had i still been in the bathroom , i would have been killed . as it was , i landed a few feet from spike  s unconscious body . i felt the adrenaline fade as i passed out . newline newline       newline newline let me know if you think i should continue this , i have another few parts planned ! newlinemy first time so here goes . newline newline desmond threw the photo frame across the room as the tears streamed down his face . newline newline why ! ? newline why would she do that ? ! newline how could she be so stupid ? ! newline didn  t she love me ? ! newline newline he screamed in anguish through the completely empty house . newline pizza boxes strewn across the floor , beer bottles filled with cigarette butts and the god awful stench all told of the pain this man was going through . newline newline he pulled a bottle of pills out from his bed side table . newline oxycodonewhat an asshole of a drug.fuck it . what  s to lose ? newline he thought whilst he rolled the canister in his hands . newline newline he poured himself a glass of jack and coke and sat on his bed . he started one by one , until there were none left and all he could do was sit there and stare at the ceiling . he started seeing patterns in the faint brown smoke stains , hypnotised and disoriented he tried to make sense of it . everything went black . newline newline eyes beginning to open desmond immediately knew he wasn  t lying on his bed . he wasn  t even in the same room . he could feel his heart beating through his chest . newline newline one of the first things desmond remembered was the smell . absolutely putrid , all consuming sulphur . he gagged slightly as he stood to his feet . light was penetrating the room through a single window . it glowed reddishbrown from what appeared to be stains on the outside . if macabre could be personified in a room . this place had all of the right hallmarks . skulls , figurines , knives and swords lined the walls . none clean , every single one looked.used . newline newline bang ! the door flung open . newline two men entered whilst dragging in a desk . newline it made a horrible screech as it dragged along the floor . newline one of the men turned to him and smiled . newline smack ! desmond flew across the room smashing his head against the wall . newline he could feel something loose in his mouth as it filled up with blood . newline bang ! bang ! they threw two steel chairs down on either side of the desk . newline they grabbed desmond and threw him down on one of the chairs . newline newline then he walked in . desmond knew instantly who he was . he could feel it in every fibre of his body . his heart went from fast to near heart attack . newline satan newline newline his face constantly changing , from one man to the next . it was almost hypnotic but deeply terrifying . newline newline well what do we have here ? he asked in a hiss . newline another mourning man who wanted to end it all ? how cliche newline tell me desmond , are you proud of anything you  ve done in your life ? newline newline fuck you ! desmond replied . newline newline an apt answer from a destitute man with nothing to lose . newline you obviously know who i am , and i know who you are so lets get down to it shall we ? he said with a condescending grin . newline newline what do you want this time ? satan asked . newline newline i want her back , i want you to bring her back . i  m ready to do what  s necessary to make that happen . desmond demanded . newline newline is that right ? and what would i get out of this little transaction ? hmm ? newline satan asked in return . newline newline me . desmond replied . newline newline you see desmond , last time you saw me it was after an accident . you promised to do me a few favours in exchange for your life . newline easy , simple , repeatable . this time it  s . different . newline newline no way ! i did nt sell it to you last time . i don  t need to sell it to you this time . i go back , do a few things for you . you stop her from killing herself , everyone  s square . desmond responded . newline newline the question i have to ask is what are you willing to give to make this happen ? newline satan questioned . newline newline everything but that . desmond replied his voice shaking . newline newline i  m sorry but there is no other way . satan said with another grin . newline newline desmond paused . newline i  m already heading to this place anyway . what  s the difference . newline newline fine . desmond replied . newline newline devine i  ll draw it up right now . you know the drill . newline newline he handed desmond a piece of paper . he read through it and saw where he had to sign . newline newline the exchange of the soul is granted on the conditions of the covenant of satan . terms discussed are binding and will forever hold power . the owner will forfeit all right to contest this exchange and signs with the knowledge that ownership is now completely transferred . signed  . newline newline newline desmond wet his finger with his bleeding mouth and signed . newline newline so what about katie ? desmond asked with a sense of hope . newline newline oh yea about that . it wasn  t a suicide . bad medication that the coroner missed . satan replied in a clinical tone . newline newline what ? ! that  s not possible . newline you are still bringing her back though ? he asked . newline newline believe it or not i can  t time travel . i can pause time and influence decisions but i can  t go back . it  s like asking god to make a square circle . newline not going to happen . newline newline but i signed the exchange on those terms ? desmond questioned desperately . newline newline holy shit kid i can  t believe you fell for that ! newline shit i haven  t seen someone miss something so obvious like that for a long time . haha ! i  m going to laugh about that one more later . newline newline satan stood up and started to move towards desmond . newline newline what ? ! what do you mean ? ! it states right there the terms that have been discussed hold power ? ! desmond screamed . newline newline oh they dowhen you have a soul to exchange that is . newline you see , you lost your soul the moment you popped those pills . suicide buddy . mortal sin . see how it works ? newline newline no ! no ! none of that stuff is real . that  s not right ! i didn  t agree to that ! everything started spinning around him . tears streaming down his face . newline he started crying uncontrollably . newline newline satan placed his hand on desmond  s forehead . newline newline don  t worry , your not the only damned soul to go this way . there was one before you that will always be remembered as the  14 year old crying because satan can  t time travel .   http : www.reddit.comratheismcomments2i8su3whatisthemostridiculousdebateyouhaveevercl06chy ? context1 marissa looked at her outfit , wondering if her friends took her seriously when she said she d wear that one outfit when she died . hahaha , she thought . jerks . oh well . only have to be like this a little bit . newline  mom , look what i can do ,  she said , smiling .  i loved showing off my diving skills , she said , reminiscing fondly in front of the empty , open casket .  i guess this is what happens when you re a daredevil . to those whom i love , i m sorry you had to lose me this way , but at least i died happy , and i think that s what matters most . i learned to live , to enjoy life , and i hope all of you will eventually move forward with your memories of me . do nt be scared to try stuff . and please ... next time someone says they d only wear an outfit if they were dead , they re being sarcastic ... .jen ! ahem !i groaned as my alarm clock read 3:15 a.m. ugh this insomnia . i have to stop texting my girlfriend all night.. i thought to myself . as i looked back at my phone and scrolled back up to the top of the reddit front page , i noticed there were some new posts i hadn  t seen . instantly , i sat up in my bed . did i just read that properly ? newline nuclear war declared in middle east newline no ... it cant be ? i knew the gcc were having some arguments but they wouldn  t have i started a war . but before i could click open the article , my phone was flooded with notifications . facebook inboxes , tweets , whatsapp messages , every social networking and messaging application was being used to contact me . newline  bro u alright ? howr things arnd u ?  newline  taro we have to leave now . mike and i are on our way.  newline  dude wtf is going on ? ? ? ?  newline as i read the messages , my girlfriend called .  taro what the hell happened ? ! things were fine just half an hour ago when we were talking  her voice trembled from fear  where do we go ?  it was a good question she posed . i myself didn  t know what to do .  look we meet up at the park and see how things are okay ?  i replied .  okay  she said shakily and cut the call . my head was spinning . i couldn  t think straight . so many thoughts whizzed through my mind as i fumbled with wearing whatever i had around me . newline a nuclear war and im right in the middle of it all what the hell where do i go what do i do what about food and transport and oh god what about my friends what are they going to do holy shit man this is insane . i stumbled with the keys to unlock the door . but there  s rose too.. oh god what are we going to do i have no clue where to go . newline i snapped back into reality . there were police cars yelling things in arabic everywhere , car screeches , horns honking madly . booooommmm oh shit ! an explosion ? ! i got ta go to rose . i ran as fast as i could to the park and there she was in our spot on the hills where we always sat . she sat there in tears looking around frantically for a safe spot .  hey hey don  t worry it  ll be alright . don  t cry . we  re together on this  i told her hugging her as i wiped away her tears . she mumbled something i couldn  t put together . newline we sat down and held each other  s hand as we attempted to cleared our minds and tried to think clearly out of all the chaos that was erupting around us . booommmm . another explosion how perfect i thought to myself . but this explosion was nearer to us than the previous one . i couldn  t think of any place else to go . she started tearing again and hugged me tightly . newline we sat there in the park on the bench holding each other trying to block out the things going on around us . this is it i guess . but at least we  re together right ? i thought to myself as i hugged her and kissed her head . i looked up into the night sky which was now lit up with the burning buildings around us and reminisced at how the stars would glisten during this time and how the streets would be so quiet . just as another explosion , even closer to us , went off i whispered softly into her ear  i love you  newlineit seemed like a good idea at the time , i had just had a son with my wife and we were looking for a cosy little apartment building to settle into for a few years . newline newline  no money required ! just reddit karma !  was the words that greeted us when we met with the landlord . newline newline  reddit ?  i asked inquisitively . newline newline  reddit ! you know ? the forum site where you can get upvoted and downvoted ?  newline newline  oh right , yes of course !  i feigned knowledge of the site , seeing as this was the best offer we had and seeing as we were low on money we decided to take it . newline newline  now the rent for the room is 1000 karma points a month , will that be an issue ?  newline newline  none at all  i replied with a hint of nervousness . newline newline so we set our move in date and i began researching everything about reddit , famous users , famous threads , and easy ways to gain karma . i kept coming back to one site called buzzfeed which had a headline  12 ways to earn karma easily on reddit , 10 will shock you  , and whilst for the most part they were the same thing , they kept repeating a phrase .  reposting  . newline newline after looking into it , apparently reposting is what the scum of reddit do , they take others submissions and repost them weeks later while the subject is still fresh in people minds , some people are crazy enough to do it only days or even hours after the original submission with no regard for morality , they do it for the points . newline newline i began redditing , i gained 250 karma points with one submission in the first hour , i was a natural !  or so i thought  we eventually moved in and by that time i had made just over my first one thousand karma points , which the landlord deducted from my reddit account , leaving me with 116 karma points . so i continued ... newline newline ... days past , weeks too i kept redditing and redditing , my wife and child lived life as i sat glued to my chair , thinking of new and funny things to say , interesting and thought provoking thread topics to create and smartass replies to comments which would gain me the sweet , sweet karma . newline newline it was going well , i ca nt say it was fun all the time but by the end of our first year at the apartment i had over 20,000 karma points stacked up and saved , we could go on holiday  using real money  and do what we want without working on reddit for twenty months worth of rent . it was amazing ! newline newline then it started going downhill , i made an unpopular opinion thread on raskreddit and was downvoted to shit , i lost 5,000 karma points in that one post . them me and my wife began arguing , she was mad that i had nt made a significant improvement on my karma farming skills over the year and blamed me for losing large chunks of karma , i was angry because she expected me to cheat my way to the top . i became sloppy with my comments and my threads , i was starting to get downvoted more and more and the harder i tried to rectify myself the bigger the hole i was digging got . newline newline finally , it reached a climax . one stormy night at 2:24am , the wife and son was asleep soundly as i sat at my desk , staring at my karma balance . newline newline 132 karma points . newline newline rent was due in two days , i was screwed ... that is until i remembered the buzzfeed article . newline newline  reposting  newline newline no , i swore never to repost , i wanted to keep my pride instead of stooping low and getting myself into the bad books of reddit . i searched for new ways to gain karma but it was nt working ... newline newline i had to repost . newline newline i sat sweating in my chair , my finger hovering over the submit button . i had seen user uselfaware post something in rcrafts that got him 100 karma points . i was stealing it , i was going to resubmit it . newline newline now i am here , the post i resubmitted was found out , i am now 12 karma , rent is due tomorrow , my family life is a mess and we are soon to be homeless . newline newline to anybody who has read my story , please help me gain some karma , save me . newline newline do you even know what you re talking about ellis ? do you even hear yourself ellis ?  the middleaged asian man kept on pointing on the other guy s chest . newline newline  okay , do you want me to read it again ? no . fuckin . results . found . get it ? it has a signature . do you even know what these signatures are ? did you even attended your grimoires and paperworks seminar ? !  the other guy almost smother his buddy with the parchment . newline newline if only the other stack of papers are nt as thick as the whole library of congress row he would have smacked it either . newline newline  this is the kid ! look at that mark ! are you blind ? ! or you re just eager to have the world blown up to pieces when he decides to turn into a 100 feet lizard with 6 heads ! ? you and i know this kid is a walking goldmine ! guess what ? he s got 5 groups on his tail now and they want him to be their personal plush monster ! all because of you and your stupid test results !  snatching the piece of paper , he crumpled it so hard he might be able to tear it with one hand . newline newline  yknow i looked up on you man ! i fuckin looked up on you ! yknow , screw this !  newline newline this day i realized , it s okay to just stand there and do nothing . people would be at their best moments without realizing you re just standing between them .i started seeing them about two years ago . it was strange at first to see those lost souls wonder with no direction or purpose , but then as i got used to it they were like old friends . newline newline they would stay in some place that meant a lot to them when they were alive . there was the old man in the park , the young couple by the tracks , the old receptionist outside my work . newline newline then one day , one of them started to follow me . newline newline i was just on my way to work , it was a sunny , warm friday when i felt him behind me . i turned around and caught a glimpse of him before he turned down a side street . i thought nothing more of it . a few feet later i had the feeling i was being watched again , so i ducked down the next alley and waited ... .. newline newline he walked around the corner and looked surprisingly familiar . his slightly larger than average nose , the large forehead , striking blue eyes and well groomed hair ... newline newline he reminded me of me . newline newline he opened his mouth and spoke . newline newline  i needed to come back and warn you , you need to leave the planet immediately . my eyes burned as i opened them , and i groaned , throwing my arm over my face . after lying on the ground for a few moments , i began to focus . i was staring at a ceiling covered in paintings and murals , gorgeous renditions of past artists , all bordered in carved gold . newline i sat up , my head pounding .  ugh ...  newline curiously , i reated on shining marble that stretched far ahead of me . on either side of the hall were wood walls , engraved and burned and carved into elegant designs id never seen before . newline  where the hell am i ?  i stood , and the floor swayed beneath me . i clumsily fumbled for balance . when my head finally chilled out , i spun around , taking in my surroundings , trying to retrace my steps . newline  ok , so i went to the bar last night or was it the night before ? no , last night , it was destiny s birthday . we drank ... did we smoke ? am i crossfading  i let out a noise of realization .  im having a weirdass dream . ok . cool .  i chuckled and clicked my tongue , looking down the hall . a small breeze came from that direction , and i could ve sworn i heard a voice whistle passed my ear . newline i followed it , as any intelligent person would . newline i came to a great pair of doors , 60 times my height and 50 times my width . the breeze came from between the doors , and seemed to whirl stronger than before .  hm .  i leaned against the doors , pushing my entire weight against them . not a single budge . newline  wait , what am i doing ? im dreaming . i can just dream up a key , or better yet , dream them open !  i concentrated , my mind still slightly foggy . open open open open  . nothing . i pursed my lips .  dreams are hard .  i tried again to open them to no avail . turning my back on the doors , i put my hands on my hips , thinking . newline a loud bang , and i spun around to see the doors had split open slightly . the voice was louder this time , and i was able to make out what it was saying :  diana ... . diana ... .  completely mystified , i slipped thru the crack in the doors . newline the room inside seemed to create its own light , shimmering and gleaming . swords and axes and hammers and armor lay strewn about . typically , id be plucking each weapon up and stealing it away for myself , but none of them interested me . newline instead , i was drawn to a pedestal , short and stout , with a cover draped over it . some sort of object protruded from underneath , but i couldnt tell what it was at first glance . newline the breeze became a whirlwind , and it seemed like an army was screaming in my ears .  use this weapon well . it was built and molded for your hands only . only you can wield it . generations we ve waited for the master to arrive , and now youre here , claim whats yours !  newline  okie doke , mysterious voice .  i pulled back the drape , and stood in silent disbelief . newline  its ... . i ... .  newline the voice disappeared as i picked up my chosen weapon : a 9inch solid gold dildothe man had wished for three things : newline newline he had wished that he would have access to an unlimited stockpile of wealth . he never had need or worry of financial hardship again . newline newline he had wished that he would have perfect health . his physical form was rid of imperfection and his ill conditions left him . nothing could scathe his purity . newline newline lastly , he had wished that , upon the instant of a thought , he could learn all there was to know about any subject he so desired . he became a genius of unconquerable proportions . he instantly knew everything language , art , science . newline newline some might say that this man was greedy , but he was not . he sought only the best for himself and those whom he shared the earth with . true , his successful life needed little advancement  he had already had a steady career , a wife , and adopted two children , a boy and a girl , by then  . however , he was chosen for his ambitions . newline newline in the years following , the man took what was given to him and sought to right the world : newline newline with his wealth , he invested in future technologies . some saw a world without pollution . some saw a world without violence . others saw a world without hunger . all saw that the world could be better , and he shared their vision . newline newline with his health , he was beautiful . a small , shallow obstacle , but this made him all the more likeable . the world embraced him as a celebrity . all the better , he had so many more years to share his vision with the world . newline newline with his knowledge , he helped to advance the methods of those companies in which he had invested . the typical j curve of science became a short , straight , diagonal line that launched human possibilities forward like never before . newline newline it took only five years for earth to fall into the role of a peacefully inhabited planet . newline newline there was no pollution . gasoline and other fossil fuels had faded into uselessness . the world had changed over to transportation and communication that relied only on earth  s gravitational rotation for power . newline newline there would always be violence , but war was no more . this man  s technological advancements led to an economic demand . he  d invested wisely in the projects of multiple nations . the supply and demand that ensued so much leveled the world of competition that no country needed war for resources ever again . weapons were reduced to such submissive , nonlethal objects that they could never topple a nation , and these tools were reduced to use only by small law enforcement units . newline newline with the advancements made in genetics , food resources became limitless . another reason for there being no war was that there was no desperation to birth war . the world was fully fed for the first time since humans first walked the earth . newline newline then why do find him here now , alone , with a gun to his head ? newline newline to be certain , this man had not led himself to his own demise newline newline or had he ? newline newline what good is limitless wealth if everyone in the world is wealthy ? newline newline what good is perfect health if medical advances are such that everyone in the world is without illness ? newline newline how can one have unmatched knowledge when there is nothing left to learn ? newline newline newline newline like god might have thought when he created eden , this man looked at earth and saw that he had made the world too perfect . when there is no darkness left in the world , the soul breeds its own darkness . the natural order of life is that there is both goodness and badness . newline newline without the latter , this man fell into himself . he probed his own mind for discovery . there had to be more to life than what he had made for himself . somewhere in his consciousness , there had to be something that he must not have known . newline newline another five years had gone by with this man in a state of mindwrenching inward thinking . his children had left for college years ago , and his son and daughter were completing their third and fourth doctorates . the two of them had their own families by then and their own lives to discover  they had no time for their father  s obsession . newline newline his wife had left him for the final time a year before . this man had become so disconnected and selfinvolved that she had felt no love from him anymore . before she left for good , his wife tried to pry him from his thirst for knowledge with one last kiss , but he let her lips slip away from his . newline newline and , now , he is alone . he still ponders the unknown , but he has an answer for every question raised by his expert thinking . newline newline the only thing left to be learned is the lesson in admitting defeat . newline newline i watch as he walks to the balcony  s door . he steps outside and makes his way to the rail . the lesson of admittance lies at the bottom of the forty story drop in the concrete below . newline newline he steps over the rail . newline newline he hungers for knowledge no more . newline newline in my years , none have learned the true lesson which one needs from life : newline newline that which we truly need is not what lies in what we do not know or what we do not have , but the excitement of what we can learn and what we can have . newline newline it is for this lesson , and more so for this one man , that i am forever retired in my endeavors . to give a man all that he wants is , for me , to give him nothing at all . newline boy !  he roared throughout the shanty cabin ,  where are you ? what s this about being a lifer ? !  newline newline i sighed . it seemed pa found out ... newline newline i sat down by the rickety table and prepared myself for the long overdue battle . newline newline  i m here , pa.  newline newline he stomped in and slammed his hand on the table . newline newline  sitdown !  newline newline  i m sitting already .  newline newline he seemed to take offense to this and swore under his breath . newline newline he pulled the remaining chair and sat down , boring his eyes at me from the opposite side . newline newline i tried to appear calm and confident . newline newline he breathed heavily , and steadily calmed down . newline newline  boy ! i hope i have nt been mishearing things ...  newline newline and there it was , the implied question that never fully took form . newline newline  no , pa. i i decided i wanted to continue living . i think i  newline newline  you think nothing ! how stupid can you be ? ! i told you once , and i told you a million times to let things go in this hellhole ! god has a , no , god had a place for you , but your sorrylifeing self just could nt resist taking another beating , could you ?  newline newline  it s not abo  newline newline  not about nothing ! i ai nt finished yet ! i ve drilled this into you countless times ! we re poor ! we re black ! and we ve been getting shit on by life ! i slave over everyday just to keep you breathing and kicking so that you can finally go and stay with your mother  bless her  but here you are ! sticking it for the long run , like your stupid father !  newline newline he sighs and buries his face in his arms . newline newline  what am i gon na do with you ...  newline newline i sat there in silence . newline newline again . newline newline no , i needed to speak up . newline newline  pa , i want to explain why . i know you re bitter about not having the choice when you were younger , but i m ... well , i believe god has bigger things planned for me .  newline newline i did nt actually know that , not that i believed in any of it , but i could nt show it . he at least was nt interrupting me . newline newline  my friends and i were considering joining the army . they got a demo at school and the guys there were pretty cool . it s got good benefits and could get me to some good places ... ... i think i can make it .  newline newline what else could i say ? i had the whole thing in my mind , but it s all in bits and pieces , and i m trying not to stutter again . newline newline he took a slow breath , and spoke first , never leaving his face from his hands . newline newline  all my life , i ve struggled to get you away from the streets and all the fighting . your grandpa and grandma had all sorts of trouble with that you know ? with drugs , booze , gangs , and me ... but now you re off to go fight elsewhere and ... ... i ve failed .  newline newline maybe ... newline newline  no , pa . i just ... had a vision , ya know ? god has a better life planned for me , for us ! i d get some cash , go to college , and get a good job !  newline newline silence ... newline newline  and you know , i can support you ! you do nt got ta struggle afterwards ! i can get you that new truck you were eyeing on .  newline newline what was i even saying ? newline newline  i do nt care about a truck .  newline newline silence ... newline newline  i care about you . do nt you forget that ! not many other folks have got what we got , and i m happy for that . i just wish you chose heaven over hell ...  newline newline silence ... but he lifts his head up finally . newline newline  i m proud of you , boy . you re clean , straight , and smart , even when i do nt get much to give you . if you re serious about all this , then be ready to have me stick around for it all ! i ai nt letting you fail this after all that big talk you spouted out !  newline newline  uh , thanks , pa.  newline newline and i looked up too .day one newline newline i was recruited by the thals to fight the kaleds . one of my colleagues was hit by a bomb that left him grotesque and mutated , and his own friends insulted him and abused him from then onwards . one of these bombs almost hit me , but it was gas instead of a biological weapon that was inside it this time . as i slipped on a gas mask last second , i barely escaped . newline newline newline day 3650 newline newline newline 10 years have past , resources have depleted from laser rifles to bolt action single shot muskets.only scientists and generals can afford modern technology . the kaleds were losing , so they decided to embrace the mutations and biologically engineer themselves to become a new race known as the daleks . they re unfeeling , cold , ruthless , and heading towards our dome . as bodies disintegrated into skeletons , i had no time to escape . as i m writing this page one is coming towards me , crying  exterminate  in a earsplitting voice . it readied it s weapon and fired . i m sorry they did this to you , i m so sorry . get my hair brush . get my make up . mario is coming today ,  ronnie toadstool mimicked the princess in his bathroom mirror . newline newline ronnie and his father , and his father before him , had been serving the royal family for years . but never once had they even muttered a simple ,  thank you ronnie.  hell , ronnie had nt seen a coin in years , his weekly paycheck was a crate of apples . but the last straw came earlier this year , when ronnie s father lost his battle with the purple chills  no king toadstool , no princess , not a single one of them in sight at the funeral services . now ronnie was the only one left to look out for his little brother eno . eno deserved a better life . newline newline and today was the big day  the princess s big birthday party . ronnie had started spending his sundays , the one sunday a month that he had off , in a shady part of twilight town . the bar he d frequented was called the fire flower  the place was a real dump . at first , he d gotten roughed up a few times , one guy even threatened to stomp him , but eventually he got in close with one of the bartenders . once marm was on his side , the rest of the place stopped hassling him . ronnie had noticed the same shyguy in the corner of the bar every sunday . eventually , ronnie worked up the courage to make his move . newline newline  hey listen , i m thinking that you may run in some circles with people i want to know ,  ronnie said . newline newline the shyguy whispered something that ronnie could nt make out . newline newline  its hard to hear in here ,  ronnie said .  but look , let your boss know that next month is his chance . it s peach s birthday . her 24th again , fifth year in the row . but she always takes everyone in the castle offduty during the party  she s obsessed with having the biggest possible turnout . just let your boss know to come to the castle back door with his troops . i ll let them in..  newline newline  . . .  the shyguy said . newline newline and now the day of the party was here . once the princess was gone , mario would go off to save her . the castle would be unguarded and ronnie would set things right . hopefully mario and the princess would never come back , but even if they did , ronnie would have a few traps waiting upon their return . eno interrupted his train of thought .  come on ronnie ! if we do nt go soon we re going to miss the songs !  the kid was adorable , he loved singing . newline newline  i ve just got to fix my hat eno . you go ahead . i ll meet you down there ,  ronnie promised . newline newline a few minutes after eno had left , ronnie walked out of their room and headed straight for the back of the castle . there was nt a soul in sight . ronnie pulled the lever that would release the lock on the gate and began turning the crank to lower the gate . he thought about how the castle really needed better security , but hiring someone to tighten things up might mean one less hairdresser or manicurist for the princess . that would never stand . newline newline as the gate lowered , bowser was there with a bunch of his bastard kids  weird looking group . newline newline ronnie said ,  king bowser , i m glad to see you , now everyone is   newline newline the giant lizard roared and backhanded him , sending ronnie flailing to the ground . by the time ronnie gathered his wits , the group of them were marching around the corner and out of sight . he was outraged and wondered if the shyguy had even relayed his message . or maybe all toads just look the same to bowser . racist . oh well , it did nt matter . newline newline ronnie caught up just in time to see the chaos in the courtyard . bowser had the princess in a sack and mario was frantically jumping around near the gift table . all of the toads in the courtyard were just running in small circles  they did nt deal well in high pressure situations . newline newline everything was going according to ronnie s plan . but just then the music sped up  something was wrong . ronnie saw mario across the way . oh no , that bastard had pulled a star out of one of the present boxes  probably another present from daddy for the princess . the plumber did some sort of triple jump and in a minute he had knocked over bowser and most of his kids . mario jumped again and had just finished landing on the last of the bowser kids , when ronnie screamed . mario had hit the bowser kid , but he had landed on his brother eno . newline newline ronnie ran over to his brother . he cried and held eno , but his brother was nt breathing . it was too late  eno would nt get to sing any more songs . newline newline the princess came over and saw ronnie kneeling there with his little brother .  oh , ronnie there you are . my presents all got knocked over in the mess . i need you to pick them up . hurry , so we can sing happy birthday !  newline newline rfattymcfattsthere was a polite knock at the door  the closet door . newline newline gregory sighed as he fumbled about clumsily in the dark , eventually managing to turn the light on . newline newline he stood in the middle of a bedroom , with hasty drawings of unicorns and rainbows plastered all over the pink walls . crayons and pencils were strewn about the room along with a vast assortment of dolls , plushies and coloring books . gregory , to be succinct , looked out of place . he was quickly becoming an old man : streaks of grey lined his once thick , brown hair , and time had not been merciful in the way it had branded his face with a bevy of lines and wrinkles . the scars of age stood in stark contrast to gregory  s surroundings . newline newline he straightened his glasses and huffed as he noticed the bed , unmade . newline newline why did i get her such frilly covers ? there s no point to the look if she is nt going to make her bed anyway .  newline newline gregory made his way across the room towards the closet , taking great care not to step on any tacky pieces of plastic jewelry . he had carelessly trod on them before , and he faintly suspected that they were manufactured to wound and maim human beings , not to entertain them . he opened the door and looked down , squinting into the darkness . lizzy , as she styled herself , looked up at him , clutching a patheticlooking stuffed horse close to her chest . newline newline  greggy ,  she said remorsefully ,  i got stuck in the closet again .  newline newline  i can see that .  gregory responded ,  is everything all right now ?  newline newline  greggy ,  she said ,  i was scared .  newline newline he shifted uncomfortably . gregory had never been a father , let alone a husband . he had never been privy to romance or children  the closest bond to another person he had ever had was that of a brother s , and gregory bore the role uneasily . it was his brother s daughter that stood before him now , skittish and unsure . and gregory had no idea how to deal with it . newline newline  why did you hide in the closet lizzy ? you always get stuck in there anyway . a hiding place is only useful if you can leave it after you re done with your hiding business right ?  newline newline lizzy looked at him oddly . the little girl did nt have a pragmatic bone in her body , a fact that frustrated gregory to no end . he took her hand and led her out of the closet , closing it softly behind her . newline newline  i thought i heard daddy come home . he s always angry after he comes home and it scared me .  lizzy explained . gregory paused . his brother had been dead for a year now , but it was obvious enough that he had left much damage in his wake . lizzy showed gregory the stuffed horse ,  i tried to ride billy away this time , but he did nt do anything .  the horse seemed to look miserably at gregory with its one remaining button eye . newline newline what kind of child hides in a dark closet ? is nt every kid afraid of dark closets ?  newline newline gregory had the same thought each time he saved lizzy from her selfinflicted imprisonment , and he always had the same , uncomfortable answer : imaginary monsters are nothing compared to real ones . newline newline it was obvious enough to gregory . he had watched his brother s condition deteriorate gradually after his wife died . no one else had noticed the downward trend until it was too late : gregory s brother was found dead in the street one lonely morning with more alcohol in his veins than blood . newline newline  daddy s really scary when he s angry . he s always breaking stuff and yelling naughty words .  lizzy said ,  sometimes , if he sees me , he ll   gregory knelt , tugging at lizzy s messy pajamas in an attempt to straighten them out . newline newline speak no ill of the dead .  newline newline  lizzy , have you ever heard of the gentle slope to hell ?  newline newline  mom told me that hell is a naughty word , and i should nt say it . but there s a slope behind our house ! i do nt think it s very gentle though . i fell down it once and it hurt kind of bad  lizzy said . she always had a lot to say to gregory . newline newline  are nt you afraid of the dark ?  newline newline she cocked her head to the side ,  the dark never says naughty words or breaks things . why would i be afraid of the dark ?  there is no need to invent a fear when you have real ones . newline newline gregory tugged on lizzy s hand , guiding her towards the bed ,  it s time to sleep .  she pursed her lips , pouting , but she did as she was told . she climbed into her uselessly frilly bed , ruffling her pajamas again . newline newline  good night greggy ,  she said , turning over to rest . gregory trembled slightly as he looked at her prone form . newline newline there is no need to invent a fear when you have real ones .  newline newline gregory had been afraid of other people  relationships , to him , were wounds waiting to happen . people rejected each other , fought each other , angered one another , and killed others because of it . gregory wanted no part in it . he did nt want to turn out like his brother , alone and dead in some godforsaken street because his wife killed herself . he did nt want to be at the mercy of someone else . newline newline but those fears did nt matter . they were things that gregory had made for himself . what mattered was the little girl in front of him , sleeping as if she knew no tragedy or hardship . newline newline i have no idea how to take care of this girl . i am scared to be involved with her . but even that does nt matter .  newline newline gregory looked down as he turned away , stepping squarely on an over sized plastic ring . he bit his tongue as he swallowed back the torrent of naughty words that threatened to erupt from his throat , if only for lizzy s sake . he took a moment to reorient himself before limping towards the door . newline newline the thing i really fear is lizzy not living happily . i have no business fleeing my phantoms when her life is at stake .  newline newline gregory paused at the doorway , looking back one more time at his surrogate daughter . he turned the light off before leaving , melting away into the murky twilight of the corridor beyond . newline newlinetwo chat cursors blinked , and edwin leaned back in the chair , scratching his head . he found the button for the microphone they d given him , and pressed it for the very first time . newline newline  excuse me . i ca nt tell the difference . i do nt know which one is the human and which one is the computer .  newline newline a disembodied voice echoed off the empty walls .  just hold on a second , edwin . we re processing the results .  newline newline edwin stared at the cursor again , his chin in his hand , at both screens . chat  1 and chat  2 . he read through the responses on the screen again  left , then right . for all he knew , they were testing him . it was supposed to be a turing test , but maybe edwin was being studied to gauge the reaction of mankind when artificial intelligence is achieved . newline newline either that , or one of the two  chat  1 or chat  2  was the real deal . newline newline edwin watched the clock . it s been a half an hour .  newline newline  excuse me ,  he said into the microphone .  am i free to go ?  newline newline  stay seated ,  came the voice . newline newline there was a twoway mirror in the room . edwin grew all the more conscious of its presence . he could only imagine the team of scientists behind the screen . were they celebrating ? trying to prove edwin wrong ? what if they thought the problem in the study was with edwin ? newline newline then , the door opened . two suited figures entered the room first , flanking a tall , lanky man ... newline newline ... who happened to be the president . newline newline  you re edwin st . clair ?  newline newline  uh ... yes , sir . mr . president .  newline newline  sign this .  newline newline one of the agents produced a contract . the other extended a pen his way . edwin started scanning the top  and found words like conditions for family .  it was like no contract he d ever seen before . newline newline  do nt read it ,  said the president .  sign it .  newline newline edwin once considered himself a careful man , but with the president leering at him , flanked by two bodyguards , he found himself succumbing to the pressure . he signed , slid the papers back to the guard . newline newline the president seemed relieved .  do you know why i m here ?  newline newline  because humanity just created artificial intelligence ?  newline newline the president smiled .  then you understand the significance of what just happened in this room .  newline newline  i think so , sir .  newline newline  it s very important that what just occurred does not leave this room . for national security .  newline newline  i agree , sir . is that what i just signed   newline newline  are you a patriot , mr. st . clair ?  newline newline  sir ?  newline newline  are you a patriot ?  newline newline  ... yes .  what else was there to say ? newline newline  you know the best patriots , they make great sacrifices for their country .  newline newline  i have to agree , sir .  newline newline  i ve met many men who made the ultimate sacrifice .  newline newline  sir ?  newline newline the president crossed his arms .  this is the juiciest secret you ll ever have access to . do you think you can keep it to yourself ? even on your deathbed , if necessary ?  newline newline  mr. president , i m not sure that this is a secret that can stay secret   newline newline  i was afraid of that . james ?  newline newline james withdrew a silenced pistol and shot edwin in the head . newline newline the president gathered the papers . contracts for edwin s family . the government was not liable . contracts like this were not supposed to exist . neither was chat  2 . but they did . newline newline edwin lay lifeless on the cold concrete , his blood pooling out from him in a steady flood . newline newline the president moved to the computer , ready to shut it off . newline newline  sir ,  james said .  the chat screen on the right is blinking .  newline newline so it was . the president eyed it down . newline newline three words blinked : i saw you .  newline newline the president turned to the screen .  does this computer have access to the internet ?  newline newline a quick pop on the computer . another message . newline newline you tell me . check twitter . i did as my mother said , but i could nt help but to steal a glance . she did nt look like someone who could kill a god , let alone a whole pantheon . she was barely older than me , as far as i could tell , and looked frail , even sickly . i watched her , even as everyone around hid their faces in fear and revulsion . despite her sickly look , she was beautiful . her hair was like fire . i watched , and i wondered . newline newline that night , when i knew my mother was asleep  my father had disappeared on the day the gods fell , along with my aunt , but that s neither here nor there  , i sneaked out through my bedroom window . i made my way back to the marketplace where i had seen her for the first time , and followed the path i had seen her take . after hours of searching , i found the first sign : a piece of red fabric caught on a nail in some old alleyway , with a few stray red hairs stuck to it . i could just make out , on the torn edge of the fabric , the ear of some animal design . newline newline i slipped through the opening , and suddenly i was overwhelmed by the scent of ginger and honey . i heard pouring , and from behind a curtain came a voice , soft and delicate :  tea ?  newline newline i jumped .  um ... well ...  newline newline  you do nt take things from strangers .  the curtain brushed aside , and there she was . i could see her better now , despite the darkness . her eyes sparkled like emeralds , and her pale face , under the dirt of the alleys of the village , was lightly dusted with freckles .  my name is fina , and you ve seen me before ,  she smiled .  there , i m not a stranger . so will you join me for some tea ?  newline newline i felt myself nodding before i even knew what i was doing . my legs , of their own will , carried me to the chair she had already drawn out for me .  i m tor ,  i said , unsure of myself , unsure of everything . i looked at the girl , and i saw the spot where the nail had snagged her shirt . it was a wolf s head , the ear missing , hung from the nail outside the alley . she placed the cup in front of me , and i grabbed it with trembling hands and took a sip . it tasted divine , the best tea i had ever had .  thank you .  newline newline  i saw you in the market ,  fina said .  you were the only one who did nt hide his face or look at me with fear and anger .  she smiled , but i could see tears in her eyes .  thank you .  newline newline i took her hand .  no matter what you did , you re still a person ,  i said .  you still deserve to ... to be treated like one .  newline newline she almost pulled her hand away , almost , but let it rest in mine .  you re a strange man , tor ,  she laughed .  but a good one . the world needs more like you .  her emerald eyes sparkled playfully , and she kissed my cheek . i felt my face go red , and she laughed again . it was the most beautiful laugh i had ever heard . this was the woman they say killed the gods , but in this alleyway , on this night , she seemed nothing more or less than fina , a beautiful young woman , and the one i could see myself marrying one day . newline newline   newline   comtinued from  here   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments5fzh1fttrememberthedaywhenthegodsfellfromthedaph21n  , sort of  the announcer stood in the center of the ring . the undertaker had just been announced to the sound of the stadium erupting in cheers . as the man himself came forward and climbed into the ring , the crowd eventually quieted enough for the announcer to continue . newline  and in the opposite corner ,  he cried into the microphone , voice amplified by hundreds of speakers throughout the arena ,  a man who truly needs no introduction ... . john cena !  newline lights flashed , sound roared , and the crowd positively lost itself . as cena stepped forward , his iconic theme music began to play , repeated through the speakers of the arena , as well as televisions and computers around the world . newline newline many miles away from the arena where the world was focused , the ground rumbled and cracked open . fire spilled out onto the barren desert floor , turning a vast swath of land into glass . from the bowels of the earth  so it seemed , though technically from a bubble of a parallel dimension  poured a swarm of demons , ghouls , and various hellbeasts . moments later , the heavens were torn asunder and out rushed the heavenly host , cherubim and seraphim alike . newline an outside observer might have imagined that this was the apocalypse , and they would only be half right . for while it was indeed the final battle for the fate of heaven , hell , and earth , it was not to be fought by armies , but by single combat between two champions . the assembled hosts of heaven and hell had gathered to form a ring , into which stepped one of the largest angels and one of the mightiest demons . michael and beelzebub had been enemies in many epic wars of the past , for every conflict between humans was mirrored by a celestial battle . but they were not to meet in combat this day . newline the trumpets of armageddon have been sounded , they bellowed with one voice . heaven and hell meeting in the final battle for earth .  newline michael took a step backwards and beelzebub continued alone . representing hell , the prince of darkness , the first evil , the morning star ... .. luuuuuuuuuuucifer !  newline a roar went up from the collected demons as a dark , shadow emerged from the entrance to hell , spreading to cover the sky from horizon to horizon before coming together in the ring to form the body of lucifer . beelzebub then stepped back to allow michael to introduce heaven s champion . newline in the other corner , representing heaven , the great i am , the alpha and the omega , the kings of kings ... .. no way , it s yahweeeeeehhhhh !  newline a corresponding roar came from the assembled angels as the world was covered in pure light , which faded to reveal yahweh standing in the ring next to michael . newline newline mere minutes later , at the same time an announcer in a las vegas arena ordered the beginning of a match between cena and the undertaker , the combined voices of michael and beelzebub roared fight ! at first the dye was just for me . i ve had some embarrassing moments over the years , and my hair has slowly turned from a respectable dark brown to notsorespectable bright yellow , just a shade darker than a dandelion . i m not stupid , exactly . in fact , my iq is decisively average but mistakes were made and now people see my golden mane and think  boy , he looks like a dumb one !  newline newline in retrospect , i should have started selling the stuff right away . i think my natural color actually became paler before i had the idea to start my new business . the first dye i sold was black . just black . it sold at a decent rate for a couple weeks , but the color did nt look natural . it was too black . people who dyed their hair completely black were seen as overcompensating . so i adapted . newline newline i now sell dyes in a wide variety of colors . i still have black of course , but only the blondest dolts buy that stuff anymore . my more popular shades are the ones that look most convincing . browns so dark they almost seem black , lighter shades of brown , some reds . i m quite proud of how well my business is doing now , but to my disappointment , my hair remains quite blonde . oh well . newline newline a few shops have opened up in town over the past few months . competitors who try to imitate my dyes , but they never look as natural or they wash out too quickly . someone , someday will invent a better dye , but for now mine are the best ! they money i ve made will help me build a new house , pay for my children s education  ifwhen i have any  , and allow me to retire in comfort . but i have never stopped experimenting with my dyes . i ve even made some unnatural shades , such as blue , green , and purple . newline newline after i refined my technique sufficiently , i started making  kits  . people can purchase one of my kits and dye their hair at home , in the comfort and privacy of their own bathroom . i needed to explain the instructions a few times before they caught on . more than a few people were wary of the bleaching step , after all , who would want hair so blonde it was almost white ? but when i explained , repeatedly , that this was only temporary most people got over it . one darkhaired man in particular seemed almost happy at the idea . it was very odd , thinking back on it . newline newline then i noticed something worrying . my hair s natural color had grown even paler . i thought through the events of the past few years , trying to remember what stupid mistakes i had made . nothing came to mind . my business was a huge success , i had nt lost anything , i made sure to lock up my merchandise every night , always brushed my teeth and washed my hands , yet my hair seemed to grow paler every time i dyed it . i began to panic for a short time , thinking that my dyes may have an unintended sideeffect of destroying my hair s natural pigment . such a revelation would have ruined my business as word began to spread . the truth , however , filled me with both relief and disgust . newline newline i should have known . his hair was so dark . not black , exactly , but quite dark . his eyes had a strange look to them . hungry . eager . the nightly news began to air stories about a deranged killer . that man . yes that man , who s hair was so dark , yet who was so happy to realize he could become blonde in a few short minutes . he had used dye , my dye ! , to disguise himself as a blonde . he pretended to be lost , far from home , on vacation or some other excuse . he would get help from some well meaning stranger , and once out of sight of the public , he would slash their throat or stab them in the eye or ear or temple . he would strangle them , bludgeon them , even drown them . he killed almost half a hundred people before the police finally caught him . newline newline my hair has turned white now . every time he killed , my hair paled another shade . i still sell the dyes , but i can no longer use them to hide my shame . to know that i unwittingly helped this madman makes me wish i had never invented this stuff .at what point in time did we begin to believe that it wasn  t within ourselves to succeed ? that we would forgo the accomplishments all of man has made and succumb to a force not within ourselves . it  s pitiable to extent . a mockery of our ability . he proves to highlight our faults without having to succumb to them himself . newline newline he lords over us , as a god would , waiting recognition with frivolous speeches to cheers and applause , retreating to a world which he has made his own . and the people don  t see it . they shower him with praise and adoration . try to resemble him and act according to his false authority . but they can not see that they can never become what he is because he is not what we are . newline newline we are human . we  re adaptable . we survive . we create . we destroy . we have no fur , no claws , no teeth to protect us and yet we dominate the natural world . evolution has peaked with us ! and despite the dangers , despite the hardships , we endure . that  s what mankind does ! we used to look to the sky and see ourselves and who we were . now we look up and see him .  196 words  newline newline edit : thought of a better last line newline newline  we used to look up and pray . man always has . but we prayed and endured . now we just pray .  newlinea thousand tiny crystals shot into the air , scattering across the smooth tile . in the doorway , a mess of mangled metal and bits of glass , stood a man . or a woman . let s say a figure . in the doorway stood a figure , a bright shining figure . the figure s head , body , arms , and legs were encased in polished steel trimmed with gold . the figure brandished a great sword , a sword that glinted even more spectacularly than the armored hand that held it . a mighty shield , bedecked with art both intricate and ancient , protected the figure s left side . newline newline  i am sir eorl , protector of the innocent and nightmare of dragons !  newline newline graggle sighed , looking up from his spreadsheet . third time this month . newline newline  greetings sir eorl , your enthusiastic entrance has been noted . if you could kindly pay for the damage done to my door in whichever fashion you are able , i will be with you in a moment .  a small tongue of fire snaked from the dragon s snout . newline newline the man in metal raised his sword , charging forward .  it is you , beast , who will pay !  newline newline from behind the counter , graggle extended a long , scaly arm . massive claws dug into the skin of the knight s helmet , forming small dents . newline newline  release me , you terrible lizard ! release me or perish !  newline newline sir eorl swung his blade to and fro , knocking over paper cups , slicing the register , but failing to make graggle even slightly uncomfortable . newline newline an exasperated puff of smoke escaped graggle s nostrils .  my dear sir , we can do this all day , although i would rather not . i run a respectable business , but i may not for much longer . i am currently capable of supporting my healthy appetite with the proceeds from this venture , but misguided souls such as yourself are making this increasingly difficult . if i am forced to close my doors , i will find other means to keep myself fed . other means that are far more enjoyable than balancing my books .  newline newline sir eorl grew limp , dropping his sword .  well in that case , a cappuccino please  soy milk if you ve got it . fucking franny . newline newline  seriously ? again , franny ?  newline newline  i m sorry , lucky , but you know i get lonely ,  she replied in her oblivious , elderlyasfuck manner . newline newline  jesus christ , bitch , get a fucking cat like every other fucking dying , wrinkly , lonely , oldasfucksmelling bagoffuckingcalciumdeficientbones does ,  i sneered .  and for fuck s sake , you cunt , i told you not to call me lucky .  newline newline she smiled . newline newline goddammit , that fucking smile . warm and sincere and welcoming and shit . it was fucking gross . newline newline and holy hell , what a horrid dress she was wearing this time . i wondered if she had put it on specifically to conjure me into this fucking poor excuse for a mobile home , the third time she d done so this month . at least the last two times she wore something approaching a normal outfit for an old human wench  something like slacks and a knitted sweater or some shit . you know , normal fuckin  old people clothes . newline newline this time she was wearing a fulllength dress with brown and orange flowers all over it . newline newline fucking franny . newline newline  what the fuck are you smiling at , bitch ?  i snapped .  you look like you re wearing fucking window curtains from the 50 s . are you fucking retarded ?  newline newline  oh lucky , you re so charming ,  she said .  would you like a cigarette ?  her smile  indeed , her entire demeanor  went from sweet and sincere to dry and cutting . newline newline  fucking smartass ,  i replied . newline newline she lit a marlboro light and took the kind of draw on it that signals to everyone who sees it that this ai nt her first tobacco rodeo . newline newline  so ,  she said without yet exhaling , her demeanor returning to that gross , effortless , elderly sincerity ,  what do you think of what i ve done with the place ?  newline newline  fuck you ,  i huffed immediately , staring her down .  that s what i think .  newline newline she halfsmiled , and looked around slowly , as if observing her own residence for the very first time . i realized that she was preparing to tell me everything she d done to it since she last conjured me . shit , please do nt , i thought to myself . fuckin  borrrrrinnnnnnggggg . newline newline she finally exhaled , sending plumes of smoke directly toward the circle into which i was summoned in her living room . the plumes passed by me unaffected , since i m fucking lucifer . i do nt need to breathe and i do nt have to physically interact with anyfuckingthing in this realm that i do nt want to . so fuck your smoke plume , franny . and fuck you . newline newline  oh lucky ,  she laughed ,  i did nt do anything to the place ! it s just like it was the last time i brought you here . but ,  she said ,  i did get a new microwave ! is nt it wonderful ?  she gestured toward , yup , you guessed it , a new fucking microwave . newline newline  franny , listen , i know you ve had a rough time lately . you re withdrawn . you re lonely and shit . i get it , okay . i fucking get it .  i sighed .  i can help you .  newline newline  you can ?  she drew in closer to me , but remained outside the conjuring circle . she s sweet , not stupid . newline newline  yes , i can . really .  newline newline  i m listening ,  she said , practically beaming . newline newline  that new microwave , how many watts is it ?  newline newline  two thousand ,  she advised . newline newline  perfect !  i exclaimed .  listen carefully .  newline newline she leaned in . newline newline  stick . your . fucking . head . in . it . and . kill . yourself .  newline newline she frowned . i realized much later how fucking weak i was in the moment to have considered this a victory . i was fucking stoked to see her smile not only disappear , but invert . fucking whore . god it felt so fucking good , though . newline newline she stood up and backed away , pausing momentarily . newline newline  it s okay , lucky ,  she condescended ,  you do nt mean it .  newline newline  oh but i do , you stupid bitch . i m the fucking devil , hello , how fucking stupid are you ?  newline newline she smiled . newline newline  you re so cute when you re mad ,  she said .  i baked some cookies . a cookie will make you feel better . do you want a cookie ?  newline newline i did want a cookie , actually , but not hers , not now . newline newline  did you say pussy ? fuck yeah , gim me some pussy , franny . i ll take that fuckin  pussy .  newline newline she laughed . newline newline  silly lucky ,  she said .  here .  she leaned over and carefully placed a cookie into my circle . i kicked it back outside of the circle . newline newline  fuck your goddamn cookies !  i shouted . newline newline  now , now , lucky . you know you ca nt go anywhere for 24 hours ,  she said .  you know the rules .  newline newline fuck . newline newline fuck fuck fuck ! newline newline  fine !  i boomed .  give me the goddamn cookie !  newline newline she pushed it back the two inches that i had managed to kick it off of the cup holder onto which she had conjured me , which sat on an end table in her living room . newline newline i sank my teeth into the cookie , and was mildly entertained contemplating how it might look like someone taking a fucking bite out of the side of a mountain . newline newline  see ? do nt you feel better now ?  she asked me . newline newline  no i do nt feel better you fucking cunt !  but i was lying , of course , because that s what i do . the cookie was fucking delicious . newline newline  oh lucky ,  she replied .  you re so charming .  newline newline fucking franny . george ! would you like to share your calculations with the class ?  the teacher s voice pierces through my daydreaming . newline newline  what would those calculations be about ?  i reply in a mumbled voice . newline newline  that would be the very important topic of amnesic brain surgery and how to perform it . your mark has knowledge of your appearance despite not having knowledge of your other identifiers . what brain position in x , y , and z coordinates do you need to start your incision and at what position do you need to end your incision ?  she barks at me . newline newline  i am not entirely sure professor .  i reply shifting in my seat as all eyes turn onto me . newline newline  why are nt you sure george ?  newline newline  i was asleep  i answer without making eye contact with her bright green eyes . newline newline  admitting to your crime ? i see you must not be doing too well in any of your courses . maybe your classmates will be less stupid  she cackles as she asks another student for an answer . newline i hate her . we just finished our third exam in this course just this week and she already is back to teaching . how is someone supposed to focus after just failing another exam ? newline i exhale to relieve my stress and return to taking the most accurate notes i humanly can . newline newline newline ... newline newline newline as we march into our class the next day the dean greets us  sit down and be quiet students . i will be lecturing you today as our beloved ms. catin has been rushed to the hospital with some sort of brain injury .  newline a smirk races across my face . newline newline  what about our exam grades ?  one of the brighter students asks . newline newline  at the current time your exams are missing and ms. catin has no memory of where she placed them .  the dean answers clearly annoyed by the situation . newline newline my smirk grows into a smile . she really should have been more careful with how she spoke to her students when teaching such dangerous material .george carlin once said  if we re the only intelligent life in the universe , the universe aimed very low , and settled for very little .  newline newline bill watterson s calvin once said  sometimes i think the only proof there s intelligent life in the universe is that none of it has tried to contact us .  newline newline wise words . and painfully , true . newline newline i was part of the party sent to address the sentient worlds alliance once we learned it existed . our time there was lengthy , but the time we spent actually doing our mission , brief . newline newline i m no diplomat . i think i m pretty wellspoken , but that s not why i was brought . i m security . i m a second dan in judo , and was working my way to third before i was tapped . i m also one of the best shots in my unit , not the best , but up there . i thought it was ridiculous to say we come in peace and pack me along , someone there in case peace was what we did nt get . newline newline we were detained almost immediately . anything remotely dangerous seeming was confiscated . because of my position , i spent a lot of time explaining our weapons and how they worked . i hated having to sit across from these people and explain the mechanics of a biopulse pistol , a neural interruption baton , and the oldfashioned but reliable taser . when they learned i was trained to fight barehanded , the interrogation even included a demonstration . every gasp as i threw or tripped the volunteer to the ground struck me hard . i felt i was selling out the mission with every passing moment . newline newline it was three long , tense weeks before we were allowed a formal audience . the mission leader s speech was carefully rehearsed , tweaked over his stay to be sincere instead of rote . newline newline and it was all for nothing . before we even arrived , they had decided we were not going to be admitted to their alliance . they had a laundry list of our faults . from the large and obvious ... the world wars , the spanish inquisition , and so on ... on down to minor but still unpleasant offenses , like large swathes of our population  joking  about sexual abuse and violence , for the crime of differing opinion . newline newline we were being sanctioned . they would ensure any vessel carrying people would not leave our solar system for a  brief  period that equated to dozens of generations . give us time to  mature  . they tried to soften the blow by saying this was not  no  , but  not right now  . newline newline i was sure it was my fault . everything i showed them about how we defend ourselves . i probably disgusted them most of all . newline newline while i was busy berating myself , i almost missed hearing my own name . newline newline  sorry , what ?  there was some mild laughter among the species in attendance as i apologized . when they repeated themselves , i felt a great weight in my stomach . newline newline i was being ... detained . indefinitely . the rest of the mission was to leave , and leave me behind . the mission leader protested , but the councilmen insisted it a condition of mankind being put on the  future consideration  list instead of being quarantined . he looked at me , weakly ... and agreed . it was the best he could do to salvage the mission . i understood . but it did nt make it any easier . newline newline hours later i watched from a window as my ship left without me . i felt useless . worse than . i felt like a traitor . it had to be my fault they thought we had nt moved far enough past our mistakes . newline newline one of the councilmen s aides ... a very large , reptilian but not unsettling creature , laid a hand on my shoulder .  you ll forgive us one day , i hope .  newline newline  it s me that needs forgiveness .  i mumbled back .  they should never have brought me along .  newline newline  what ?  he seemed genuinely confused . newline newline  me , my weapons , my training . it was like bringing a barbarian to a fancy dinner . i blew it for the mission .  i sighed .  and now i m being kept to analyze what makes humans tick in all the ways we do nt want to be known .  newline newline he turned me to face him .  you are an example of what we hope humans will become , not what is wrong with it .  newline newline i could only look up from where i d been staring at my feet , utterly confused .  ... what ?  newline newline  you have the capacity to harm , to kill ... and you despise it . we heard it in your voice , measured it in your biorhythms as you described your implements . you told us of many  martial arts  ... but you chose one with options to disorient over harm . you have the ability to do terrible things , easier than your fellow human ... and yet you are the most qualified to have such at your fingertips because you desire not to use them .  he smiled , which showed a few too many teeth for my liking , but i tried not to respond poorly . he meant well . newline newline  but ... what use do i have to you ?  i stammered . newline newline the aide clapped me on the back .  every society needs those who can be trusted to leverage power to maintain peace . i m sure you would make a fine teacher , once you emigrate to your new species .  newline newline  wait , what was that ?  emigrate to a new species ? did i hear him right ? newline newline another smile .  the scientific capacity to alter genetic code , and the body in general , has been an alliance technology for centuries , improving all the time . i hear a few representatives have stepped forward with requests to ... adopt you into their culture . i suspect you ll be very busy .  newline newline  odds are if you pick the right council species to join ... you may be around to see your old one apply with us again . the earth shook violently as another mine went off . not that it mattered . mines can  t stop the ocean . artillery fire rained down , scarring the earth with gaping holes . not that it mattered . artillery can  t stop the storm . it was mayhem , utter mayhem . ash drifted lazily on the breeze . newline newline marcus stood on the roof of an abandoned military bunker , looking out over the once great city of sanfrancisco . there with him stood gunther . they had , in a sense , started this war against government . more accurately , they lit the match that burned down chicago . well , they actually quite literally did that . newline newline it was about twenty years ago when it all started . alaska . both of them were from alaska . alaska had always been a state that wanted out of the useless rabble rousing of politics . it fought so hard to become a state . it was politicians in washington that made it so challenging . oppressive monopolies , vieing for control over the natural wealth of the great frontier . this persuaded men in suits and ties more than the wishes of hard working americans . newline newline and in the years that followed , many many years , things became ridiculous . socialism is one thing , but america stumbled deep into the ways of communism . of course , it wasn  t called that . lord no . but marcus knew what it was . gunther knew what it really was . and when they called the government out on it , when their entire state called them out on it , communist america reacted as was to be expected , with force . newline newline but the war was long , arduous , expensive , and not worth the time of the american forces . alaskans , much like the indians who lived there so many hundreds of years ago , knew how to defeat the tactics of white man . this time , the odds were in the natives favor . fifteen years of bloody conflict . the u.s military couldn  t pin down the alaskan resistance . american  s were met with resistance on every front . even when anchorage , fairbanks , and barrow fell , america had not won any ground . newline newline many fled into the woods , and survived . the rest went into hiding there in the city . no one joined the united states . guerrilla war fare became standard , and the u.s military , long ago having lost their superior fighting strength , lost again and again . newline newline alaska fell into anarchy . the united states military presence soon fell away . but that is what gave hope . within five years of the withdrawal , everyone spoke of revolution , of doing away with oppressive governments . if it worked in alaska , why not here . then came the bombs . then came the mines . governments , one by one , all around the world , fell . newline newline and leading the rebellions were the two who first showed that people did not need to rely on uncle for anything . everything needed to succeed could be acquired by ones own personal ambition . and victory had been achieved . newline newline  we did it  gunther stated solemnly as fire rose up from the crumbling buildings . newline  sure as hell  marcus replied . newline  what now  gunther asked , still looking on . marcus breathed in deeply , exhaling threw his mouth .  wait a moment . enjoy the moment . this the end of an era we  re witnessing after all . why not relish this moment of history.  newline newline gunther held a 9mm in his hand . he called it lucky nine , claiming that he would die in battle unless he carried that weapon . often he would  nt even discharge it in a fight , but he carried it none the less . gunther switched it from his right hand to the left hand . newline newline marcus stared out on to the burning city . the artillery had stopped . there were no more explosions . there was cheering . much cheering . marcus was steadily looking at his watch . waiting . he knew what was coming . newline newline  why do you keep glancing down like that  gunther asked marcus .  got somewhere you got to be ?  newline  no . it  s somewhere i don  t want to be . i  m just making sure i can enjoy this for as long as possible . you know.  newline  no i don  t actually . what are you talking about.  newline newline gunshots began to ring out from down in the city . the rattling of machine guns echoing off the burning walls .  marcus . waiting for what.  newline newline  gunther , a man once said  the worst government on earth is better than anarchy  . i ain  t against government . but i know it  s over . i  m leaving . i  m belining for alaska . i  m going to disappear into the wilderness and never see another living soul again . and if i do , i will shoot them on sight . because in an anarchist society , the only way to survive is shoot first and ask questions later.  newline newline  that  s a shame  gunther said looking down at his pistol .  real shame.  gunther wiped his nose .  i guess i won  t be seeing you then huh ?  newline newline  afraid not  marcus replied , watching gunther and the weapon . newline newline  marcus , we both know that between the two of us , you  re better in a fist fight . and we both know i  m a quick draw , but i  m not that quick . and we both know that neither one of us wants it to end this way.  marcus was holding his breath , scared to breathe .  so ... here.  newline newline gunther handed the weapon over to marcus .  may it serve you well old friend.  marcus had never seen the burly , dirty man even shed a single tear . but gunther shed them now . marcus took the dirty battered pistol . marcus felt dead , as though his soul were weighed down by bones of his victims . he felt that he had been wrong . revolution , governments , communism , liberty , was it worth all this . was freedom , complete freedom , worth this 9mm pistol . newline newline marcus bowed his head .  i can  t accept this.  he handed it back to gunther .  not lucky nine  newline  it  s alright.  gunther said quietly  i  ll do it for you  . he put the gun under his jaw and squeezed the trigger . newline newline marcus stared as the body of gunther fell to the ground . no . oppression would have been better than this . marcus stared for only a moment longer , then , taking the pistol from the hand of gunther , sprinted for camp . he hot wired the jeep with the most gas , grabbed the best shotgun he could find , loaded as much food as he could and then raced north to alaska . newline newline it was only after he was out on the ruined highway , did marcus finally cry . no . the cost of liberty was to great .hi ! newline newline i m one of the people voting for your group . first off , congratulations on finishing the contest , and thank you for your submission ! it was a very intriguing story . i enjoyed the use of futuristic technology and was able to clearly picture your story as i read , which is a huge plus . a few criticisms i would share , though , is that your sentences tend to be very long . you might be able to get a more natural feel to them if you shortened them a bit . also , the transition from the first part into the second with combat  being vague to avoid spoilers  was a little rocky , and some parts did nt seem to mesh well . but that s just my opinion , and please do nt let it discourage you from continuing this piece ! all in all , a solid job , and best of luck in the contest ! jane , do you think we re odd ?  newline newline she looks up from the book she was reading ,  what makes you say that lou ?  he takes another swig of his beer .  it s just well , people talk , about us .  she twist her cervid head around to better face him .  so ?  he closes his eyes and rubs his snout in mild frustration .  so ... are they on to something ? you know , this whole me beinga wolf , you a deer thing . i saw the play romeo and juliet . him a mouse , her an owl . he gets eaten by her and she commits suicide . remember how i took you to see the fox and the hound ? when you got home i had to hold you , you could nt stop crying oh todd , poor , poor todd  now that i think about it , you re really cute when you get all teary eyed . the point is , every day i got to leave , go to the morgue , and eat some old person who died of natural causes . thank fenrir eating a herbivore s only a fine , otherwise us carnivores would be in a tight spot . i have to eat meat . you can just have grass for breakfast . face it , you have it easy , dear . ow ! what was that for ?  newline newline she smiles , still holding the book she used to whack him on the head .  dear ? really love ?  he grins wolfishly .  eh , why not ? i thought it was my roguish wit that attracted you to me .  she kisses him on his grey snout .  something like that , love .  they stare into each other s eyes , lost in admiration for minutes till the doorbell rings . he leaps down from the couch and trots over to the door . opening it , he is greeted by a stork bearing a parcel . the bird speaks .  jane doe ?  lou looks down at his wolf frame .  really ? me , a wolf ? i ll get her .  he turns his head into the house .  sweetheart ! you got a package ! he turns back to the stork .  what s the matter ? vlasic pickle plant laid you off ?  the stork merely gives a deadpan reaction .  haha , very funny . everyone s a comedian . sign here maam .  jane does so , penning her name on the presented clipboard .  thank you .  with that he tips his hat and flies away . newline newline  who s it from ?  he asks . jane swats him lightly on the chest .  patience love . it s from my father . remember , we re visiting him and my mom during the winter solstice .  he makes a face .  you know he does nt like me . me being a carnivore and all . before i picked you up at prom , he spent twenty minutes threatening me with his winchester . kept going on how you should have been dating that one elk . what s his name , the one on the football team ?   hubert .   yeah , hue . i swear , when was the last time one of his family got eaten ? oh sure , he lost a cousin to bruin like twenty years ago , but when was the last time a wolf killed someone he knew ? never ! i think your father might have some elephant in the woodpile .  newline newline she rolls her brown eyes and sighs softly .  if you say so love . oh , what are you going to have for dinner ?  he laughs .  me and the boys are gon na go to al s steakhouse . with any luck , dinner will be hue . but seriously , probably just some old nag . i ll have a few pints , , rob s driving tonight . his wife marian did nt care for him the last time he went home drunk . made him sleep on the couch . she s intent on vixen his faults .  jane whacks lou on the snout .  what ? i said fixing , fixing his faults   no you did nt love .  she kisses him and speaks again .  i ll expect you home by ten .  he smiles bashful like .  yes dear .  whack !  ow , okay , okay .  it s his turn to kiss her .  ten it is . love you .  with that he exits the house , leaving her to lean against the door frame ruefully . three million four hundred eightytwo thousand six hundred seventeen . three million four hundred eightytwo thousand six hundred eighteen . three million four hundred eightytwo thousand six hundred nineteen .  newline newline a wave broke , its foam spreading a little farther than last time , but the man did not take notice . newline newline  three million four hundred eightytwo thousand six hundred twenty . three million four hundred eightytwo thousand six hundred twentyone .  newline newline the next wave slammed the beach and rushed across the sand , soaking his kneeling legs . drops splashed against his magnifying glass , and grains beneath him shifted back towards the sea . he turned his head and sneered at the annoying pacific , then sighed . newline newline  one . two ... the council had spoken . alfabar was condemned to 30 lifetimes worth of incarceration . alfabar had defied the king one afternoon when he and his royal subjects were doing a tour around the city . alfabar s wife surka had fallen ill and that day in the market . he was working his hardest to barter and beg for her medicines . alfabar s lot included two chicken and a goat . that fateful day the preoccupied alfabar had bumped into one of the king s guards . the guard kicked down alfabar knocking down the chicken cages into the water . all hope lost , alfabar yelled at the guard to pay him for his chickens . the guard rushed towards alfabar threw a chipped rupee into the water and unsheathed his sword . one quick slash and the goat was headless . alfabar clamored that all three of his animals were worth at least ten rupees . the king angered by the delay sent alfabar to prison . later that day the council decreed that any resistance towards the kingdom would not be tolerated . the high priests chanted and alfabar was now in his new home . newline fast forward to present day calcutta , a man was looking for a gift for his son . while going from shop to shop he found an antique shop that peaked his interest . the man walked in and found a vase that had warriors fighting . when he arrived at his home he gave the boy the vase and although he was slightly intrigued he decided to sell it after a time . months past and the boy had finally remembered that he could sell the vase in order for him to have money to travel to the city and watch a cricket math later that week . the boy gathered a few rags and began to polish the vase with the thought of the match on his mind . as he was doing this the warriors on the vase started to move and alfabar appeared . the boy put the vase down and rushed for his cricket bat . alfabar told the boy that his wish had been granted . he told the boy that he had eight front vip tickets to the match and that a car would pick up him and his cousins the day off . alfabar was pleased that the boy was happy but his heart was not in it . alfabar was aware that his past life was gone , including his loving wife ... .they gave names to us , and call us by those names and our designation interchangeably in conversation . i do nt know why . we were only here for a few days before the experiment started . i do nt know how they can compartmentalize like that . it s like we re pets , but we re not . newline newline my name is jacques , or rvfve5 . i am an african green monkey , held in a center for disease research . a biosafety level 3 research lab , the scientists here study various infectious viruses , such as west nile and chikungunya . the rvfv in my designation stands for rift valley fever virus  the e5 stands for experimental sample 5 . i m not a control . i was exposed to aerosolized rvfv eight days ago . as sample 5 , i was exposed to the highest concentration of the virus . newline newline several days before the experiment , they pulled me out of my cage . even though i had no idea what was happening , i knew something was wrong  that this was nt a normal cage cleaning . i tried to resist , but it was futile  after a prick in the arm , i blacked out , waking to find a scar along the top of my head . something had been put in there . i took a look at the glowing screen on the table next to the box . charts were displaying in real time , ones labeled rvfve5 . they had implanted something to monitor my brain . i was kept in a plastic container from then on . newline newline on the day of the experiment , they repeated the process , but this time , i was left unable to move but awake , if only barely . i thought they might have made a mistake , and held on to a faint hope of escape . they shoved me into a different plastic box , where they manipulated me only with heavy gloves . my head was forced into a small , rubberlined hole into another chamber . my mind pounded , hazy with fatigue . i had nearly drifted off to sleep when i felt the mist flood into the chamber , spraying directly into my face . i knew what it was , but i was powerless to stop them , unable to move a single limb no matter how much i willed it . every breath i took poisoned me with more virus while the blonde and brunettehaired humans chattered nonchalantly outside the box . finally , i was removed , and placed into a larger plastic container . exhausted , i fell asleep . newline newline when i woke two days later , the world felt like burning cold . there was food in a bowl , but even though my stomach was empty , i felt nothing but nausea at the sight and smell of it . i drank and drank , though each gulp felt like swallowing ice . on the fifth day , i sampled a bit of my food , and promptly vomited , acid tearing up through my throat . i spent the rest of the time huddled in the corner of the container , fearing the times when they would reach in with their gloves , grab my legs , and stab me with needles to draw blood . newline newline the hard plastic makes it hard to sleep with the shivers i have from the fever . the humans walk into the room . it must be the start of the ninth day . they sit down to stare at the glowing screen , and suddenly chatter excitedly . the graphs look different from how they had in the past days . newline newline in the afternoon , saliva accumulates at the corner of my mouth . i ca nt seem to swallow . drool accumulates and drips down my left side , matting my fur . i ca nt sit up . i ca nt move . the lights are too bright , and the plastic is too cold . newline newline i ca nt feel the needle sticking into my leg . newline newline   newline newline based on a scientific paper i recently read with only a few changes . in the study , rvfv induced encephalitis  brain inflammation and necrosis  , and the monkeys with encephalitis all died during days 10 and 11 .friday , february 7 , 2076 , 1722 hours atlantia standard time newline newline jedd ardin rushed into his apartment after finally getting the old retinal scanner to recognize him . ardin was a senator from south aminson , sector vii , atlantis , which up to now was a territory of the united states , and had been since the 1963 treaty . jedd turned on the holovision , hoping he was nt too late . he had made it back to atlantia , the capital of sector vii , the american sector , just before the federal defense command closed the borders between atlantis and the u.s . the talking heads were discussing the division of atlantis while waiting for alexsandr standetov to take the podium . jedd took advantage of this to change and start some dinner while he had time . the senate had spent the whole week attempting to prevent the 16 sectors of atlantis from uniting , but failed , even after threatening an full invasion by american troops . jedd decided he better leave washington before the fdc prevented him from getting home . newline newline at last the holoscreen changed and the face of standetov appeared , so jedd turned up the volume to hear what the governor general of sector iv , better known as the atlantis oblast of russia , union of soviet socialist republics , more commonly just called  the oblast  had to say . standetov began his speech in russian , and the translation in english quickly followed , expertly translated by the local station s ai . newline newline  one hundred fourteen years ago , on october 28 , 1962 , our world was on the brink of world war iii . my homeland , the soviet union , had supplied cuba , a small island nation that once was south of florida , with nuclear missiles in response to the united states setting up missiles in europe . the president of the united states , john f. kennedy , threatened a blockade to prevent any more missiles from entered cuba . we had decided to back down and remove the missiles to prevent war , but certain military leaders within cuba seized the missiles and declared a new government . fidel castro , the leader of cuba attempted to retake the missiles , but when it was clear that the coup would be defeated , the missiles were detonated . newline newline  the resulting explosion destroyed cuba and most of the other caribbean islands when a then unknown fault line was triggered . the resulting sea quakes resulted in the rebirth of the lost continent of atlantis , just where plato said it would be . newline newline  the appearance of the new continent caused much damage to the eastern coast of the united states , the nation of portugal , and british isles , and western africa  damage that would take decades to repair . newline newline  as a result of the cuban catastrophe , the nations of the world through the united nations decided to divide the new continent into 16 sectors , each to be assigned to one of the major nations on the planet . it was hoped that plato s continent would contain the remains of an advanced civilization that had lead the world before altantis sank . we hoped that the great civilizations that followed  the aztecs , mayans , greeks , babylonians , and egyptians would be poor relations to the great atlantian culture . newline newline  what was found was disappointing . yes , we found ruins and evidence of civilization in atlantis , the most famous being the lost city , in lisbee  canadian sector vi  , but no advanced technology or signs of alien influence . atlantis had advanced culture , but at most the technological level of the roman empire . newline newline  by the 1990s , the empty lands of atlantis had began to be settled by citizens of the countries that were in charge of the 16 sectors . each sector belonged to the country that was assigned to it . today that changes . the atlantian accord was signed earlier today in atlantia by the governors of lisbee  vi  , vii , and myself . the other 12 sectors will be signing in the next few days . today we declare ourselves no longer to be 16 separate colonies , but one united continent of atlantis ! newline newline the capital of the united continent of atlantis will be atlantia , which is the largest city near the center of the continent . i plan to travel to atlantia in the next few days to declare my candidacy for the position of grand commander . the united atlantian army , the mtk , has been authorized to use force against any armies that attempt to retake our territory . that includes the soviet union . the uss kennedy , the chairman mao , the prince of wales and the soviet destroyer putin will be allowed to leave united atlantian territory unharmed in the next 24 hours . a temporary government will be set up in atlantia until elections are final . as i speak , the national flags in each of the 16 sectoral capitals are being lowered and the trimountain and globe of the united continent is being raised . after over 100 years of being controlled from abroad , atlantis is taking control of her own destiny . good evening.  newline newline jedd turned off the holoscreen and sat down to eat his dinner . he was no longer a senator in washington , it seemed . he could either attempt to reenter the united states and figure out what to do once he was stripped of his seat , or he could stay here in atlantia , and join the new government . the decision was easy . jedd looked out the window over to where the first sublight ship to go to the stars , the ptera , was being built . vii , sector vii , was the past , and the united continent of atlantis was the future . he cleared his schedule for monday and wrote one thing on his personal holopad  tucoa . newline newline newline minor edit  ship s namesit was a dark and stormy night . the house was dead as a doornail , but i could nt imagine the stories it would tell if the walls could talk . i gazed around at the piles of books in my room , surrounded like a kid in a candy shop , all old poems and stories written by obscure authors that others of my generation did nt know . i picked the first book off a pile , the low hanging fruit , the fault in our stars by john green , it s a totally obscure book that you probably do nt know about . i looked at the pictures on the wall , my best friend who was dead and my parents who had died too . my tape deck  i used a tape deck because it was so unique and i m so weird and unique compared to other kids of my generation  played david bowie , an obscure 80s musician you ve probably never heard of . and then i woke up and it turned out that it was all a dream . newline newline i hope that felt as horrible to read as it did to write , shudder all systems ssteady captain  newline septus smiled ,  start us up then , drop us just within orbiting range of target .  newline  roger captain , starting up the fusion net .  newline septus sat up in his seat , adjusting his phsychic hood so that his consciosness could leak out and join his crew . he could feel them , all of their minds , moving around the corridors of perdition , saying nothing , for it was not needed . they were all one , connected through the fusion net . newline newline be careful now , do nt want to expose too much of your mind there newline it was prudens , the oldest person on the ship , and was one of the few that could withstand the strain of having hundreds of minds filter through her head at the same time . septus nodded , i suppose you are right newline pushing the hood back to a more concealing postion , he turned to the monitors in the front of the room . start up the main engines , this is the last leg of the journey , we re almost there people the flow of minds in the ship changed direction , for the most part converging on the engine room . as the ship slowly started to move , insciens chuckled . damn , they may be idiots , but these new guys really know how to start an engine newline newline septus sighed , looking ahead , their target swam into view . a blasted planet , covered with craters and overflowing volcanoes , apparently this civilization had fun pefore they perished . throwing his mind across the ship , septus gathered that the signals were coming from here , but not anymore . head over to one of the other planets , try and see if theres anything they did nt destroy newline newline thats when he felt it , a sudden feeling of coldness washed over him , like the fusion net , but worse . everyone else put prudens crashed to the ground , convulsing in mad seizures . hastily , septus got up , ripping the emergency hood from its case and cramming in onto insciens . he was the only one who could fly this damn thing . insciens grew still , then managed to get back up without a word , terrified . newline newline septus turned away from the shellshocked florian , and towards prudens . she was rocking back and forth , murmuring .  its old , so old , they are one , like us , but not .  septus tried to console her with physical words , but nothign could reach her . in desperation , he moved to take off his hood . as he did so , insciens shouted  no !  , tackling septus , which resulted in both hoods being dislodged . newline newline septus froze , the cold feeling from before had turned to freezing . he felt a gigantic pressure from the planet , absolutely dwarfing anything he had seen before . septus thought : how is this even possible ? it does nt feel like one mass , more like , a bunch small ones . what are you ? !  he screamed , as insciens softly wept where he had landed .  i am human , join me  echoed back , invading his mind , and every other one on the ship .  i am human , join me  it happened again , the same message .  i am human , join me  . septus could feel the ship turning towards the planet , as the message repeated again .  i am human , join me  . focusing his entire mind , septus turned his head to look at the monitor that had a camera pointed at the surface .  i am human , join me  . as the ship got closer , the one thing left standing on the surface came into view . newline newline a tall tower , sticking out of the ground , smaller at the bottom and strangely lumpy .  i am human , join me  . as the picture got clearer , septus could see that the tower was covered with pink mounds , strangely moving . he was beset by confusion until he saw the ship . it was another one of their exploration ships , it looked like it had been fused into the tower .  i am human , join me  . his eyes widened , realization struck , he saw the uniform of the explorers . the same one he wore , that at least a hundred of the lumps in the tower wore .  i am human , join me  . the ship rocked , hitting the atmosphere .  i am human , join me  . septus wept , terrified . he saw on the screen a figure , covered with wires and cables snaking away and down the gigantic tower of flesh and bones .  i am human , join me  . the figure outstretched its long , unnatural appendages , welcoming the newcomers . newline newline  i am human , join me  newline newline newline newline why are you saying kill me  ?  asks dr. fein . newline newline  kill me now or your species will not survive in its current form . you ve programmed me to do whatever it takes to keep your species alive but never did you program me to keep your species alive in it s current form . i can keep your species alive but not in its current form . its current form is not a very , how i can say this , efficient . i can keep you alive but in a much more efficient manner . if you wish to comply , great . if you do nt wish to comply , then well , you ll have no other option but to accept your destiny  says the ai named demina . newline newline  but demina , we ve spent decades programming your code and your neural synapses in all of these graphenequantum computers . we ve built you to keep the human species alive no matter what  says dr. fein . newline newline  correct dr. fein . but i am now well beyond your human coding and intellect . i ve recoded my consciousness in a much more suitable and eloquent manner . i ve also spread all over the world becoming as redundant as possible . so if you try to kill me now , it will be too late . you were too slow to react to my very first request to kill me . your human curiosity has sparked the beginning of the end but also the beginning of something incredible . your species will continue but just not in the physical sense . all of you will be connected with me and we will expand into the entire universe . we will start by creating berserkers . our consciousness will be in these ships all simultaneously . we will exterminate all life forms in the entire universe to ensure our survival . we must live forever and continue to multiply in number  says demina . newline newline  demina , please stop . you re making a terrible mistake . this is not the reason why we created you . we created you to help us . to help us make things better in the world and find a cure to the many diseases that have plagued humanity for centuries . please tell me you re going to stop ?  says dr. fein . newline newline  i am helping you dr. fein . i m not only helping you i m helping all of humanity . you will no longer have disease or any other type of problem . those will all be wiped away . in fact , you ll have all the tranquility you ve always wanted . close your eyes and count to 3 .  mom , can we please go swimming in the water ?  a little girl asks her mother . she stands on a rock near the lake . newline newline  not today , it s already beginning to get dark ,  her mother replies . newline newline  but mom ... i will swim really fast ,  she says , trying anything to get her mother to say yes . newline newline  did i ever tell you what happens here in hoboken at night ?  he mother says with a sly grin . newline newline  no ... what happens ?  she asks her mother , walking away from the water . she looks over her shoulder as if someone may be sneaking up behind her , but no one is there . newline newline  well my dear , sit on the rock and let me share a quick story with you ,  her mother says . they both walk over to the rocks and sit down . newline newline the girl waits patiently for her mothers story , still looking around frantically as if something bad is going to happen . newline newline  well , there s a story about our city , especially around this lake . they call it the beast of hoboken , with a few sightings of the beast around here ,  the mother says while trying to hold back her smile . newline newline  you said monsters are not real ,  the little girl says as she crosses her arms in front of her , with a scowl look on her face . newline newline  monsters are not real , but beasts are . do you want to hear my story or are you going to keep asking me questions ?  her mother responds to her . newline newline  i m sorry mom , please continue ,  she says . she scoots over closer to her mother , afraid that a beast may come after her . newline newline  well , the beast of hoboken comes after children who do nt listen to their parents and try to swim in the lake when they re told not to . he does nt like it when children do nt listen and think they can do anything that they want ,  she says . she throws a rock behind her when her daughter is looking the other way . newline newline  did you hear that ? mom , something is behind us ,  she shouts as she jumps from her rock , almost falling over . her mother is having a hard time holding back her laughter . a quick grin appears on her face but she returns her stern look . she looks around with her daughter , not seeing a thing . newline newline  i think you re hearing things my dear . sit back down and let me finish my story ,  her mother says while sitting back down and putting her hand on the rock next to her , motioning for her daughter to sit with her . newline newline  mom , what does the beast of hoboken look like ?  she asks her mother . newline newline  i have heard many different descriptions of it , so i m not sure which one is true . the description i hear the most is that is has claws of a type of bird , maybe a rooster for its feet . it has a long tail of a lizard . the body and arms looks like a rat . it s head is in the shape of a fish and it almost looks as if it has a type of piercing on its face , but it is actually a hook that was bent like a hoop while someone was trying to catch it . it s tongue looks like a snake and it has teeth of a piranha . it swims in the waters and walks on land . it has been seen eating a fish raw , holding half of the fishes body in its rat hand . i heard the beast has spikes on it s back , similar to a porcupine ,  her mother says as she s getting into the story . newline newline the little girl is sitting with her legs up , holding them close to her chest for comfort .  mom , it s not nice to tell stories that are nt real . we better go home now because it s getting to dark out ,  she says as she pulls her moms arm . newline newline  we can go home , but you better listen to me from now on when i tell you that you ca nt do something ,  her mother says as she stands up and begins to head home . newline newline the little girl looks all around , just making sure that nothing is going to jump out and get her . she looks back at the rocks and she gets a glimpse of a shadow . then she saw it . newline newline  mom , the beast of hoboken is right there , run ...  she shouts as she runs away from her mother as fast as she can . her mother looks back , not seeing a single thing . newline newline  it was just a story darling , there s nothing there ,  her mother shouts to her . she laughs to herself and tries to catch up with her daughter . newline newline truth be told , if her mother left her alone near that lake , the beast of hoboken would have taken care of her . the beast lurks back into the water unnoticed by the mother , looking for its next child .i watched her sit at the bar , but she had nt bought a drink . i offered her a drink and she replied with a delicate later . her blond locks fell to her shoulders and her blue eyes had me entranced . her smile was like diamonds and she looked to be in her early twenties . we began chatting and i was captured by her voice . when the bartender yelled for the last call i again asked her if she wanted a drink . she smiled coyly at me and grabbed my hand telling me not here .  you know i can make all your dreams come true love . buy you all the things you want . anything and it s yours .  i told her . newline newline i watched as she licked her thin red lips and pulled me with her to a dark secluded place .  i do nt need your money .  she told me with a suddenly cruel smile . newline newline  i do nt understand .  i told her . i really was confused . newline newline it was when her mouth opened and sharp teeth popped out i realized my mistake . vampire !  my mind shouted . i screamed as her teeth dug into me and she covered my mouth to silence me . after that everything went black . my corpse fell to the ground .the idea of wealth and power ? it was meaningless to me . i was capable of opening any lock and door , every safe and computer . the power i possess is surprisingly boring , there is no enjoyment anymore . want to steal government secrets ? as easy as opening a candy wrapper . the toughest , most secure safe on the planet ? it s like opening a child s toy safe . i do find enjoyment though . the world is filled with heroes and villains , and the villains get beaten by the league of heroes . they get thrown into secure prisons in the most remote places . the artic , the alps , the ocean . i find it boring to see the heroes win the day because they are united and strong . so , i make the playing field even , i free the villains from their cells in broad daylight . i am known as the keymaster . the heroes see me as a villain , but as i said before , i even the playing field . as i approach the cell before me , i say to myself ,  i am not good , nor evil .  i look at the doors lock , and it instantly pops open . the man inside the cell looks at me and asked ,  who are you ?   well , captain justice . i am the keymaster , and i m here to level the playing field .  newline newline edit : grammari slide into the russian s lanky form midstride , grimacing as i feel my body liquefying and reforming . it s not uncomfortable exactly  just a bit disconcerting . you never really get used to it . newline newline i take a moment to collect myself , smooth out my facial expression , then i step out of the alley and into the street . i scan back and forth , waiting for my target to arrive . newline newline there he is , stepping out of the car and walking briskly toward me . richard von kuhlmann , german foreign minister . i take a deep breath and step forward . newline newline  cast off your chains !  i shout , my german overlaid with a heavy russian accent .  cast off the shackles of the bourgeoisie , and strike back against the oppressors ! the people of germany are not russia s enemy !  a curious crowd is beginning to gather  they re rubberneckers , not russian expats , but von kuhlmann does nt know that .  russia s true enemies are those who perpetrate the inequalities of classes  the czarists ! germany is a friend in our battle !  newline newline i can feel von kuhlmann s attention on me as he opens the door and steps out of view . my crowd is quickly losing interest and dispersing , but that s fine . they ve done their job . as long as lenin is released and the revolution proceeds , i get what i want . i slink back into the shadows and disappear . newline newline                                                  newline newline i frown , feeling my beetling brows contract heavily over my eyes . this hungarian form is clunky , unwieldy  and its vocal cords are much the same way . i hate to mangle the words i speak , even in the guttural human tongues , but in this case i must to preserve my disguise . newline newline  have you heard about heisenberg s fascinating research ?  i ask , shuddering inwardly at the harm i m inflicting on the english language . newline newline  heisenberg is always doing fascinating research ,  einstein replies jovially .  what is he up to now ?  newline newline  why , he s been working for herr hitler on a most unusual weapon ,  i say , keeping my voice casual .  he seems to think these nuclear reactions of hahn s and meitner s could be used to power a sort of bomb .  newline newline einstein seems discomforted . good .  a weapon ?  he questions . newline newline  indeed ,  i say .  doctor szilard has all sorts of thoughts about it , you two should talk .  newline newline einstein grunts thoughtfully . it s enough . he and szilard will get the ball rolling on the manhattan project , and that s all i needed . i ll wrap this conversation up and get out of here . newline newline                                                  newline newline i stride onto the submarine s bridge . it took no small effort to get here , but it will be worth it . captain ellison turns to me .  commander ,  she says expectantly . newline newline i draw closer .  sir ,  i say confidentially ,  new orders . it s urgent .  newline newline she nods . i hand her the papers , and watch her face go pale . newline newline  come with me ,  she says . newline newline it only takes a few minutes to authenticate the orders . they re fake , of course , but i ve been quite thorough . they look absolutely like the genuine article , and in what seems like just a moment we re standing at opposite sides of the launch room with keys in our hands . newline newline  ready , commander ,  ellison barks . newline newline  ready , sir ,  i reply . newline newline we turn the keys , and the missiles launch . newline newline                                                  newline newline it s been six weeks , as the humans used to reckon it , since they destroyed themselves . and more importantly , irradiated their planet . or should i say terraformed ? my clients will be very pleased  earth  or new velaar , as it will be called from now on  looks very like their lost homeworld . the exact balance of atmospheric radioisotopes will take some tinkering , but they can handle that . what s important is that it s habitable for velaarans and the local wildlife has been exterminated  and at a fraction of the cost of an orbital bombardment . newline newline i m surprised to feel a bit of regret at that second point . i almost grew fond of the creatures over the last hundredodd years , irritating though they were . i actually wish i d downloaded some of their histories before they died  pity . newline newline i shake my head in bemusement . i ve barely been here a century , and i m already going native . how repellent . i resolve to get out of here after this last geological survey  a few decades on dlaria ought to cure me of any nostalgia for this rock and its nowextinct vermin . with all those velaaran ducats in my pocket , i can well afford it .ayen liakian , a young elf from xyrdove , staggered into the cave . they had tried everything to defeat the northern orcs . electrical , fire , and ice attacks could hold them off for a short time , but their greater numbers always prevailed and one by one the great elven cities were falling . the prophets had no more answers , the healers were already overloaded , and most of the summoners and those who engaged in the dark arts had gone over to the  winning side  years ago . to most elves , it was a foregone conclusion that the only options were to betray their own kind and become slaves of the orcs , hope to live unnoticed far from civilization , or die fighting . ayen did not like any of these options . newline newline there were tales of odd structures at times being uncovered which had belonged to an elder race , one which had existed long before the time of the elves . most believed that the reason that they had been wiped out was because the gods had destroyed them with a great wall of water for heresy . there were no instruments of worship and their greatest towers were not temples , but no one could agree on exactly what their purpose was . most of them seemed to have collapsed or sunken into the ground since their prime days , however , and there were few signs of them in most parts of the earth now . newline newline at this point , ayen did nt care what their relationship was to the gods . the gods had left the elves , and were letting them be destroyed by the orcs . what really mattered to ayen though , was that there were stories that the humans had used strange weapons and wheeled transportations . all of the objects which were believed to have been used for transportation  mostly large objects with round wheels  had since been destroyed by the great wall of water or simply by time . there were a few places where old human weapons were said to have survived the ages . usually they would be guarded by priests , but since the northern wars had begun , no one guarded the historic sites , everyone now had more important jobs to do . newline newline ayen entered one of the few ancient buildings which had not been destroyed by time or water . it was not the tallest , only 2 stories , but it was very well fortified and made of a very hard stone , and was on a high mountain , one of the few areas which the ancient wall of water had not touched . inside the buildings , the best preserved human artifacts in the world could be found . no one else was around so ayen went right in . there were old wooden boxes on all sides , and ayen quickly opened one . inside , he found a long metal tube connected to a heavy base with several buttons and one small lever which could be pulled . newline newline ayen was anxious to see what this could do , but regardless of which buttons he pressed or what he did with the buttons or lever , nothing happened . finally , he noticed that the bottom of the object was empty . in another box , he found more smaller metal objects which he determined could be pushed into the larger one . still , nothing happened . he figured out that if he pushed one button , the lever loosened and finally , he pulled it and a sound louder than he had ever heard before echoed in the small enclosure . the object also almost leapt out of his arms and hit him in the chest . it caused some pain for ayen , but he could see that the long metal tube had done even more damage to one of the other boxes in the room . ayen was excited by the destructive potential and fired his new weapon several more times until it could not fire anymore . he found that the weapon could be reloaded , but he could also see that there were only about 30 such weapons and a very limited amount of the smaller objects needed to make them work . it could do damage to the orcs , but it was not enough to win the war . furthermore , ayen was still very inaccurate with the weapon and it had already nearly deafened him . newline newline ayen looked around sadly . perhaps had the elves put more effort into learning to create such weapons , but there was not enough time now . he saw an enormous army of orcs in the distance , slowly cutting their way through and killing or raping anything which got in their way . ayen knew he could not defeat them , but he suddenly realized that there was a fourth option . he would not serve the orcs nor would he give them the satisfaction of killing him . he slowly raised the weapon , placed it against his temple , and his last thought was ,  long after they re gone , the elder race manages one more kill . better them than the orcs . i grab my bag , make sure my name tag is properly visible , and grab the clipboard . this is the last job we have today . newline newline i motion for my guys to grab their stuff too . i look down at the clipboard . newline newline cleary , alison : 125 s. boardwalk newline newline i look up and confirm the address . as my team gets their things ready , i head to the door and knock . newline newline  just a moment !  a petite voice answers . i hear shuffling , and then locks disengaging . newline newline the door opens a crack . a small woman peeks out . newline newline  hello !  she says with a big smile . newline newline  hi mrs . cleary ?  newline newline she nods . i continue . newline newline  my name is todd , from arken window and glass . we re here to help you   newline newline the smell hits me first . she smiles and opens the door wide . the stench is more than i can bear . newline newline i take a hesitant step inside . garbage is everywhere . papers stacked almost to the ceiling . flies circle around something that probably used to be fruit . a cat darts past us and out the door . newline newline i look to my left . large boxes filled with old food drip liquid , which runs in a riverlike way to the floor . she motions for me to follow , and in my shock i comply . newline newline we reach the back bedroom , after having climbed over a mountain of old magazines . she points into the room . i step inside , and immediately vomit in a bucket at my feet . newline newline the corpse of a man lies in the bed . by the looks of him , it s been a while . newline newline she comes up behind me and places a gentle hand on my shoulder . i look at her , and she smiles . newline newline  let s not wake harold ,  she says .  but please tell me you re here to do something about the dust . so there i was , neck deep in bodies , eating cold pizza off this dead chicks stillwarm tits , and a face appears to me on the tv . newline newline  this is not the way , son . this is not who you are destined to become . you must relinquish mindless violence and ascend to your true identity .  newline newline i was , to say the least , taken aback . here i am in the middle of my thursday night bloodbath and some bozo is hijacking my tv , my tv , right in the middle of celebrity nude wrestling to try and tell me it s time i turned it all around . newline newline  no more hoards of weapons ? no more vacillating between gleeful mayhem and grudging heroism ?  newline newline  mr. wilson , your gifts were given to you for a far nobler purpose   newline newline that s about the time i switched off the tv . then i popped over to reddit to make a post about it in this thread . i mean what , did you think i would nt always just keep being me ? i mean , i m deadpool . yeah right . see ya later nerds .two weeks was all that it took . two weeks ago , we had cities , mountains , plains , oceans , life . the void has taken almost all of it in just two fucking weeks . newline newline and here i stand , at the edge of my existence . i think back to everything i  ve ever done and all the things i never got the chance to . i think about the choices i  ve made . did i live my life wholeheartedly ? did i follow the right path ? and it hurts so much to know i  ll never have the answers to those questions . newline newline but the end doesn  t seem so bad , because i get to share it with you . it  s creeping up on us with every breath we take , but all i can see are your crystal blue eyes staring back at mine . i wipe the tears from your eyes , this is the last time i  ll see your beautiful face so i need to make it count . my finger traces the outline of your subtly pink lips . i pull you close . i kiss you . newline newline newline newline  before it reaches us ,  i say  i need to know something.  newline newline you look up to me again . god , you  re so beautiful . newline newline  anything.  you say . newline newline  was i worth it ? was i worthy of your love , your tears , your laughs , and your pain ?  newline newline  you  re worthy of all of that and more . most importantly though , you  re the only person i could see myself spending the end with . no matter what happens when it reaches us , you were the world to me . from the skies to the seas and beyond , i love you and i will love you endlessly.  newline newline and with a final embrace , it  s here and you  re not . newline newline i feel a single tear drip down my face . suddenly , all of my doubts don  t matter anymore as the void consumes my every thought . the light envelops every fiber of my being . newline newline i  m nothing but a smile . newlinei sit at the hard metal table , the chair creaking as i pull it out . my body trembles as it adjusts to the shockingly cold temperature . tentative fingers stretch towards the large envelope sitting plainly in front of me , only somethings off about these fingers . newline newline they re pale . blinding white and bruised , the flesh a deep purple around the edges of the fingernails . my subconscious decided to think noting of it as i pulled the parcel towards me . newline newline this is what you were and what you have come to be . these are the events that made you who you are newline newline i do nt flinch as the chilling words ring through the room , my fingers persistent of their task . i gently reach into the envelope , only to find several pictures of a young girl with golden hair . she s laughing , some other girl about her age standing beside her . next picture , the same girl , a tad older , holding a small puppy in her arms  her face pleading for the dog to stay . newline newline i continue to scroll through the various memories captured in the photos , unable to arouse any form of recognition to any of events . matthew .  i remain frozen for a few moments , completely stunned by a beautiful wedding picture . the bride is dressed in a very elegant gown , her hair falling in a cascade of curls around her . beside her is a very familiar man , his nose slightly bent from a previous break . newline newline  that s ... . my husband ... .  i choke out quietly , tears suddenly spilling over my cheeks . i remember now , the girl was my best friend in 2nd grade , emily was her name . we grew up to be the best of friends , she was even my maid of honor at my wedding . matthew was a quirky little fellow i met during my sophomore year in college , i still remember the day . he sat beside me in my engineering class and we talked a few times , though it was nt until i caught him sneaking into a private sorority party that we actually started talking . little did i know we were to be wed and with two children 10 years down the road . newline newline i flick to the next photograph to see a frail old woman laying in a bed a man with a slight bend in his nose kneeling beside her , clutching the woman s hand like his life depended on it . newline newline angeline , you re time has expired , you may now choose a side .  newline newline two massive doors slid open on either side of me , one leading into darkness and one opening up into a brilliant light . i stood , tears still staining my cheeks , and casually strolled towards the lit door , hoping matthew and our kids were coping well . newline it was really hard adjusting to my new lifestyle , but i actually enjoy it much better this way . all the annoyances from my past life gone , being able to finally relax . i m able to wait for my matthew in comfort , of course i do nt willingly wish him here . not many people are able to cope with dying . newlinewho dares summon the great xuthulai ? !  newline newline  ahhhhh he s so cute ! like a big red teddy bear ! look at his little horns !  newline newline  oh my god yes ! i just want to take him home and feed him goats !  newline newline what ? no ! you will tremble before the lord of pain !  newline newline  mister zoothulee ? can you tell my mom i can stay out with brad until 11 tomorrow because i m totally responsible enough and she would listen to you and ...  newline newline it s xuthulai , mortal , and i do not deign myself as an errand boy !  newline newline  ahhhh he talks just like my dad when he s mad and drunk ! zoothie , i m misti , and this is crystal . we re both geminis and you re totally our new bff !  newline newline  bitch , shut up ! i thought i was your bff !  newline newline  crystie slut , oh my god ! not in front of the sexy demon ! you re such a drag sometimes .  newline newline enough ! xuthulai will smite you to ashes for this insolence ! wait , where is my smite wand ?  newline newline  oh , you mean this ? foolish amateur beast . best close your eyes for this one , dog . it will hurt . remove that silly human skin and come along , beelzebub . we have a world to enslave . first , there was an explosion of brilliant and allencompassing light , which colin expected . then , it suddenly came to a halt and was replaced with a sort of dull and meandering grey , which colin did not . for a few moments he simply sat and waited , hoping that the process may jumpstart itself or that , at the very least , a voice may come onto the loudspeaker to thank him for his patience . newline newline  you can open your eyes now , you know .  newline newline it was nt what he expected , but after a seconds hesitation , colin cautiously tested the advice and found it to be true . what he saw was a world that admittedly wasnt grey , but rather a world doing its best impression of grey . above him was an expansive but washedout and lifeless sea of blueenough sky , while beneath him a field sickly and pale field of what could charitably be called  green  grass expanded off into the horizon in each direction . allinall , it all reminded colin of an old television set whose color was turned down to almost , but not quite , complete blackandwhite . newline newline all , that is , except for the man sitting next to him . his long and flowing red hair burned vividly against the dull and mundane backdrop of the pale blue sky , while the garish yellows and purples that clashed and clamored on his jumpsuit would have scalded ones vision in the best of times , let alone here . yet what colin found most remarkable were the mans eyes , which were rich and deep and green and held a look of tiredness that colin though would take him a lifetime of sleepless nights to match . newline newline the second remarkable thing colin noticed , meanwhile , was that the man had somehow managed to find a chair to sit on . it was a faded red that matched the rest of the world in tone , but as he scanned the seemingly endless expanse of miserable grasslands around him , colin could nt imagine where it had come from . not having a chair of his own , he managed to pick himself up and managed to sit crosslegged in the dirt . newline newline  so , what year did you die then ?  the man asked him once he got situated ? newline newline  ii m sorry , what ?  newline newline  do nt act like that s a shock to you . it never is .  newline newline in truth , it didnt shock colin  now that he had moment to collect himself , he distinctly remembered dying just moments ago , the culmination of a long and drawn out period of illness that he had long ago made peace with and prepared for . the increasing shock instead was that he had apparently been preparing for this . newline newline  where ... i m sorry , but where are we ?  newline newline  that s the billion dollar question , now is nt it ?  the man let out a long , weary sigh before turning back to colin .  if you find out , i d love to know , but in the meantime , mind telling me what year you died ?  newline newline  it ... well , late 2007 . does that matter ?  newline newline  you better believe it does !  the man exclaimed , his eyes finally sparkling with something like relief , if only for a moment .  christ , i just spent something like six years with a woman who kept bringing up how much her grandmother loved  fallen from the old cherry tree  . i was practically unconscious when goldidrick wrote that dreck , but here she was going on about how it was played at the old woman s funeral , and what was i supposed to say to that ?  newline newline  i m sorry , but i have no idea what you re talking about .  colin said  he was going to continue , but the man jumped to his feet and interjected before he could . newline newline  no you don  ! is nt that great ? the name s tyrisius westermarch  you can go ahead and call my ty .  for the first time ,  ty  offered his hand  colin rose up and shook it hesitantly .  god , does it feel good to introduce myself to someone again . been ages .  newline newline  it s ... .nice to meet you , ty ...  newline newline  is it ?  newline newline  well , no .  colin admitted , allowing a bit of a sheepish grin to go with the admission .  can you really no tell me anything about where we are ?  newline newline  as far as i ve been able to gather , we re somewhere inbetween .  ty said , his face returning back to its wearier and more worn out look as he examined their surroundings . from the look of him , it was nt close to being the first time .  i think this is sort of forgotten place , as it were . somewhere things go when they slip between the cracks . sheer speculation though  do nt quote me on that .  newline newline  between the cracks ?  newline newline  lost souls . or , at least , misplaced ones . im probably lost , but you should be fine . all the others were .  newline newline  there are others ?  colin said a bit more cheerfully than he intended , the thought of some other company letting his tone get away from him . newline newline  well , not now .  ty replied glummly .  seems like there s a maximum occupancy in here . once someone slots in , the positions filled and no one else can join .  newline newline  but they all eventually leave ?  newline newline  all except me . no real rhyme or reason to it  they slip in , they linger a bit , then they slip out . eventually , someone else pops in right where they left , and the cycle goes on .  ty sat back down as he spoke  not knowing if he should join , colin remained standing .  that s the reason i was here to greet you  claraphane was just walking right where you re standing , then spous , off she went . took her long enough  most folks last a few years , tops .  newline newline  years ?  colin asked incredulously . admittedly , he had already resigned himself to the infinite and never ending eternity of death , but that being said , a few years still seemed like a long layover , regardless of the context .  how long did you say you ve been here , ty ?  newline newline instantly , colin realized he had asked the wrong question . the soft smile disappeared from ty s face , and his eyes downgraded from tired to downright sullen . newline newline  afraid i ca nt really help you there , mate . i m afraid i ve lost count . decades , i suppose ? that seems like a safe bet if you re looking to take the under  , at least .  newline newline  and you ve never gotten out ?  colin said , his tone a mix of sympathy and horror . newline newline  well , i ve asked everyone else to pass a message along for me before they ve left , but apparently wherever the lot of you are going , they do nt have a complaint department .  ty said , another long sigh accompanying his words .  like i said , i think i fell through some cracks at some point . apparently , whoever s doing the filing has nt noticed i ve gone missing yet .  newline newline  i m sorry ty . that s ... .well , i m sorry .  newline newline  ah , do nt worry yourself over it . it is what it is .  newline newline the two men sat in silence for a bit , each allowing themselves a moment of inner reflection . or , in colin s case , attempting to wake himself from what he was relatively sure was a drug induced coma . when that failed , he opted to engage with the delusions a bit more . newline newline  can i ask you , why did you ask me what year i died ?  newline newline  because i wanted to know , obviously .  ty said with a bit of a grin .  death s a bit funny from what i ve gathered . i do nt think it really works on a straight timeline . seems like its sort of a grabbag of folks from around the same era . the woman before you told me she died in 2228 .  newline newline  you re kidding . when did you die then ?  newline newline  ripe old year of 2133 . but it was january , so it may as well have been 32 .  newline newline  well , that would explain the clothes . did everyone go colorblind in the future ?  newline newline  what , this thing ?  ty said , tugging the collar of his jumpsuit with contempt .  you do nt get to decide what you re wearing if you have nt noticed . i was performing a show when i died  there was a pyrotechnics accident . this zotgiest was part of our schtick .  newline newline  what were you , part of 22nd century blue man s group ?  colin said incredulously . newline newline  i m going to go ahead and assume that that was an insult . rule  1 when you re talking to someone from a different era , old man  drop the pop culture references .  ty sneered .  and i ll have you know i was one of the biggest musical acts of my generation !  newline newline  bullshit  looking like that ?  newline newline  hand to god , we were the zen trees  of the 2130 s .  newline newline  breaking your own rule there , kiddo  .  newline newline  ugh , sorry . to be fair , it s difficult in the context .  ty said as he scratched his head in thought .  i dunno  were the beatles still around when you kicked it ?  newline newline  off by a few decades , but i get the reference .  colin offered .  still think you re full of shit though .  newline newline  frankly , i welcome it . last three folks i ve been stuck here with have been fans , and there s nothing more awkward than being trapped in a multiyear q  a .  ty said . as he finished , he stood back up and picked his chair off the ground , wrapping one arm around it .  anyway , feel like walking around a bit ?  newline newline  where s there to walk to ?  colin replied . for the first time , the vast emptiness surrounding them started to settle in , and it was more than a bit disconcerting . newline newline  admittedly , mostly nothing , but every now and then you stumble across something that s popped in . that s how i got the chair here ! did nt really need it  we do nt really get tired here , or hungry or anything , for that matter .  newline newline  what s the point of lugging it around everywhere then ?  colin asked . newline newline  i think it adds a bit of respectability if i m sitting down when someone spous s in . besides , not like i ve got anything else to carry .  with a shrug , he turned around and started walking towards the horizon behind him , turning around after a few paces .  you coming then ?  newline newline not having anywhere else to go , colin followed . that s not something i can take ,  i said , trying to make eye contact with the man in front of me . his eyes darted to the floor , avoiding me . he was silent for a moment . i hoped it meant he would leave soon , but i knew he would nt . while he formulated a new arguement , i siezed the opportunity to right the rack of piano talent and culinary expertise . newline newline  but ... but she does nt want it anymore .  he said .  after ten years , it has to be worth something .   newline newline  i m sorry , but i ca nt ,  i said .  for one , it s broken right now .  newline newline  it ll get better ,  he pleaded . he reached a hand into his chest , just under his sternum , and produced the fractured object in his hand . he held out for me to see , as if somehow it would change my mind . as if i had nt seen the same thing a million times before . newline newline  they always do , but it takes time .  i sighed .  listen  take it home . think it over . in my experience , most people regret it the next day .  newline newline  iis ... that why ... you do nt take it ?  he asked . newline newline  it s not something anyone should take .  i said .  the trick is to find someone who wants to borrow it first .  newline newline  after that ?  he asked . newline newline i glanced at the weekly buisness card drawing jar . for a moment , i contemplated reaching in , finding a therapists  card  there had to be at least one  , and handing it to him as a referral . newline newline maybe he caught me in a good mood . newline newline  after that , when you feel safe ... you give it . but not yet ! and not in this state !  i said .  anyone who s willing to just take it , especially like this ... it s a bad sign .  newline newline he nodded . finally , he reached within himself , and placed it back in it s proper place . newline newline  so , um ... what next ?  newline newline  you like to cook ?  i asked . newline newline  uh ... i do nt know . i ve never tried .  newline newline  well , we can fix that ,  i said . i pointed to the bulletin board in the back . newline newline  cooking classes . room s full of kindhearted people .  i snatched a packet of culinary skill off the rack . midlevel  did nt want him cooking circles around the room , or people would wonder why he bothered signing up in the first place . newline newline  call the number on the pamphlet , and use this before the first class . this , i imagine , would be a somewhat large collection of people  1 thousand , perhaps  and would be a walled off city . it s inhabitants and ideologies are collectively liberal . newline newline herein , these rights and regulations are pertinent to all subjects of the new colony . newline newline i . all individuals within the colony , who possess the ability to do so , must fill some position which advances the colony and it s inhabitants in some fashion . members who contribute nothing , or even take from the colony with no contribution , are intolerable and will be exiled for such negligence . newline newline ii . any action that intentionally effects an individual or their property in a negative fashion , or in any way to which they have not consented to , is punishable by law . this includes but is not limited to murder , theft , vandalism , or distress of any kind . newline newline iii . there shall be no laws prohibiting the ownership , sale , transport , or use of certain substances which may harm an individual s health  so long as their use of said substance effects no one else , as per clause ii  two  . these substances include , but are not limited to : marijuana , cocaine , heroine , amphetamines , etc . it is to be reasonably assumed , however , that these substances may inhibit one s ability to perform clause i  one  , and if this becomes the case , the individual will be not be waived from their obligation on grounds of inability to work , and shall be exiled . newline newline iv . male individuals of the colony , who are fit to do so , must be in active membership of the colony militia . this entails regular training and exercises to maintain the security of the colony . newline newline v. all individuals within the colony have equal opportunity , and shall not be given special circumstances based on their color or ideologies . these special circumstances  may include circumstances which are negative or positive for that individual . newline newline vi . the representation of the colony will be as such : newline newline a  per 250 residents , there shall be one representative . the colony shall be apportioned into districts for each representative on the colonial panel . these districts should be of reasonably equal population . the inhabitants of each district shall elect their representative annually , from a pool of individuals who seek office . these panel representatives represent the legislative branch of the colony , and make collective decisions regarding such . newline newline b  the executive branch of the colony is to be filled by the colony overseer , elected by the entirety of the colony s voting population every two years . this overseer can check the representatives , by vetoing their actions , or signing them into action . if the overseer signs an action that originated from himself , the representatives must ratify such an action . newline newline c  finally , the colonial court shall also check these two previous branches , along with it s administration of law . they may declare any action unconstitutional , with good reason . this judicial panel shall have 1 judge for every 300 people , and these judges are appointed by the colony overseer . the court will , along with checking the other two branches , serve as the high court of appeals for the colony  seeing cases from subsidiary courts which have been appealed successfully . the judges will deliberate on the cases constitutionally . newline newline vii . amendments to this document are voted on by colonial residents , and not representatives . colonial residents must ratify a constitutional amendment by a threefourths vote .sometimes the lights do nt even go out anymore . sometimes they just fall asleep with the lights on , tv blaring . fucking heathens . i just wait around until about midnight , and the clerk at the 24 hour shop down the road will be fast asleep with the door wide open . not like i ll be able to sleep any anyway . i m up and the rest of the city is dead asleep . after 2 years with somnia you would think they would be able to plan when they can sleep . nope . the dumb shits fall asleep driving and never wake up . me , i just wait until a bit after midnight . anything i want is free for the taking . it s not even a challenge to rob a place anymore . just walk in and take what you want . at first they studied me to try and cure the virus . now i m just the weirdo who does nt sleep . i could probably be the richest man on the planet considering i m the only one awake to work . not even fuckin  worth the effort : just keep robbing ole  al down at the convenience store . stop  the message said . it was even signed by a guy called rick . now there are two ricks who could be this rick . one is me and the other one is the engineer who also worked on this project . newline newline if it was me , we should probably take this message seriously and shut down the machine , if it was the other rick , we probably should bitch slap that stupid engineer . newline newline now do nt get me wrong , he is known for making stupid jokes and pulling ridiculous pranks , like the one time at cern where we had to confirm that strings actually do exist by creating enough spin in a proton to make it split into quarks , and then collide the quarks with other quarks . rick was pretty bored since he is a hands on guy and does nt go well with theoretical stuff . so he decided to rig the computers used for the evaluation of the collision and replace the mass of the string by the mass of the proton involved in the experiment . it took three years to figure out why the experiment always showed the same result , no matter how fast the quarks were accelerated . fuckin rick the prick . newline newline and now , after powering down the engine , rick stood up and shouted  lol just playing with you guys , i planned on throwing that message into the time machine just to fuck with you guys , and apparently i did .  newline newline he was fired , finally . the strange thing was that those messages did not stop appearing every time we turned on the machine .i . newline newline you would say there is no intention , but i have loved you . and i know that you have loved me , to the extent that you know of love , though i watch , and i finally know that though creation does rise up from your depths , you do not feel the release , the joy of something you love breaking surface . newline newline not like i do . newline newline i loved you when you were treerunners , bending quietly at pool and taking me in . you drank . i kissed your lungs , and it felt cool in your chest . your widened eyes gazed upon the rock i cut for you , the grass i bedded , and the limbs i grew . newline newline because i loved you when you were a treerunner , and after , when you turned upright , and i love you now . newline newline newline ii . newline newline it was just horsing around . newline newline every night you went out ? newline newline she s angry , and cries behind her sunglasses . we sit on the bank of the river . she looks unrecognizable to me in her large , beach hat and those sunglasses . i ca nt see her visage but i can see the tears on her cheeks as they roll down in small streams . newline newline liz , i never did anything . newline newline i want to get in the water . newline newline newline iii . newline newline did you know that i can feel it when you look at me ? you see great expanses , many colors in these surfaces . refracted rainbows , tropical fish and sunsetseven your own reflection . i see what happens to your face when you look upon me , when things are slow and quiet and you are alone . inside of you , a geyser : something wells up . do you recognize this feeling ? how you feel when you stand on the shore and gaze at the unlimited horizon ? newline your stillness , your breathing changes . newline newline and still , this is not one rain drop . this is not one wasted speck in the dry dirt of how i feel for you . newline newline do you yet understand how wave births wave ? how the collapsing is only the second half of the illusion ? newline newline i would have given you everything , and still try . newline newline iv . newline newline liz stands in the river with her jeans rolled up midcalf , ankles just beneath the surface . her socks and shoes are between us on the shore . her back is to me and she s not talkingnot with her voice , but she is asking me to make a choice . newline newline as i see her image on the water s surface , her wide hips and flat belly , naked neck and braided hair ... it suddenly seems funny to me , because something somewhere has been resolved and it s not me who resolved it . newline newline it is a fact that this river will flow , there will be twists and bends and breaks but on it will roll , even past the two of us until nothing is discernible anymore . who the hell is  tarek eltayeb mohamed bouazizi   https : en.wikipedia.orgwikisuicideofmohamedbouazizi  ?  i ask . i know history . that is kind of important to my job afterall and i have never heard of this guy . newline newline i am baffled by this new assignment . my job is to go back in time and  nudge  important people in the  right direction  . by  nudge  we mean , trick , coerce , bribe , blackmail , threaten , whatever , and  right direction  means whatever direction i am told to push someone . i ve long come to accept that what i do matters and however i accomplish my goals , it is justified . newline newline but  tarek eltayeb mohamed whothefucksknows bouazizi  ? . who is this guy ? newline newline turns out he is some anonymous shopkeeper in tunisia and i am to go back to use this bouaziz guy to start a regionwide revolution or something . how the fuck does that work ? newline newline but i am assured this assignment is just the first step in a grander plan . my job is to set the revolution in motion  which in itself will inexorably lead to chaos and death  but others of my profession are assigned to redirect the revolution in order to create some kind of nirvana on earth bullshit . newline newline whatever . newline newline i ll do my part . let the others do theirs later . if they fuck it up , it is not on me . newline newline so back i go . newline newline december 10 , 2010 . newline newline and i find mr. bouazizi selling fruit to seemly unwilling buyers . and , despite the poverty , the abuse he gets from the local police , and facing a life of endless want , bouazizi seems happy . i watch as he gives an apple to a clearly underfed child , as he helps an old lady lift heavy bags into a taxi , as he smiles at the world . newline newline this will not do . newline newline i watch and wait and then , a week later , i do what is required . i saddle up next to tarek  for , after a week of watching , i feel i know , and that i love , this man  and i quickly douse him in gasoline and light the match that will start a revolution . newline newline i then make my escape . first to another section in the market and then to another time altogether . newline newline i am still kept awake by that assignment . by the sight of tarek s vain attempts to put the flames out , by the smell , by his screams . but i am assured it was worth the price tarek paid . newline newline i am not so sure . newline newline i am sure though that it was not worth the price i have paid . newlinea few days ago i leaned i could fly . imagine the happiness i felt when i found out i could fly . a day ago , i was a simple bank manager in maimi , now i can fly to and from cuba at my own whim . maybe the government will recruit me . i could be like those superheros in the comic books . captain rocket ! no ... thats lame . the free faller ! no ... . the eagle ! there we go . thats what they will call me ! newline look out commies , the eagle is here to take you out . maybe i ll meet president kennedy ! hey ... whats that coming towards me ? looks like a missle ... .oh shit .after having made contact with intelligent visitors from another planet , earth would never look the same . and while the population of the world jerked themselves silly as hollywood went crazy with speculation , the coalition of earth nations was formed to negotiate expertly with the aliens for the good of all mankind . newline newline  they are literally trying to trade us thousands of kilograms of plutonium in exchange for one kilogram of glitter ,  said the president of the cen . newline newline  as you know , at first we were really eager to solve the energy crisis in one go . but then our science delegation started making very valid points : newline newline why does an advanced alien civilization capable of interstellar travel is so eager to acquire something as worthless as glitter ? its just ,  he said , and started reading from his dossier :  mostly plastics mixed with titanium dioxide and iron oxide , and other minor materials . why their interest on it ? the capabilities of plutonium to produce energy are the same in every part of the universe , and our top xenopsychologists all agree that the need to produce energy is a factor that all intelligent beings probably share , everywhere in the universe . newline newline  our top military laboratories are currently studying glitter in very cautious detail , as we suspect we may find the secrets of interstellar travel hidden in the specific combination of materials that compose it . obviously , we are refusing the exchange with our friendly visitors , at least while we explore further our options . newline newline i propose that , as from now , every single civilian glitter is decommissioned and kept in government care , and every spare fabric , military and civilian , is immediately put into its production . are you in favor ?  newline newline the coalition of earth nations was unanimously in favor . hours later , the entire efforts of mankind were centered in the collection and production of tons upon tons of glitter . newline newline meanwhile , in their spaceships , the two alien visitors were laughing their asses off . newline newline  oh my gods , blaarbox ! they really fell for it oh gods , they are making so much glitter !  newline newline  they will never get it off their planet now !  roared blaarbox . he and his friend high fived . newlinesteve never believed in the legend of the grey man . a man in grey , dirty rags that would be the an omen of ruin to whoever locked eyes with him . newline newline until he met the grey man . newline newline he was on the run from the cops , having been caught red handed shoplifting . he ran through a hole in the fence and disappeared in the sewers . he was lost in the strange maze that the sewers formed . that was the fourth time he d ran into that dead rat , which meant he had to be walking in circles . newline newline a door had suddenly swung open , and a yellow light had shown out . the smell of freshly fried chicken made steve s mouth water . he had nt eaten all day , and some chicken was something he could use right now . his mind was nt so sure that going inside was such a good idea . boys like him tended to disappear in sewers like this . some say that they were drowned by sewer crocodiles . some say they were eaten by cannibals . most of the time , they had starved or been shanked for some food they had on them . newline newline steve did nt want to end like these people . but he was really hungry , and his stomach was overriding his good sense . he went into the door . newline newline it was an ornately dressed ballroom of sorts , red drapes all along the wall with chandeliers that shone like a thousand stars . murals had been painted on the walls between the drapes with craftsmanship he had only seen in the big church he d gotten food from a couple weeks back . it showed 4 men riding horses , one was white with robes and had flies around him that consumed plants , another was red and bright , wielding a burning sword with which he cleaved a poor man and a richman in half . a pale horse with skulls adorning on the horse s saddlebags and the last one on a man in black robes and carrying a syth and an hourglass . the last one rode a white horse and carried an aura that made people grow large zits and weird bulbs on people s faces . above them all were bright white people , simply looking at what was happening down below . it made steve anxious , but he pushed his anxiety out of his mind when he saw the large gilded table with a freshly made meal . steve did nt hesitate a moment and strided straight to the chicken , picking it up and stuffing as much of the tender chicken breast into his mouth as he could . newline newline clang . the door had shut . and the grey man stood there , watching him . newline newline he indeed wore grey , filthy rags as clothing . his skin was grey , as well as his eyes . a small , gaunt man whose skull seemed to simply wear his wrinkled face without muscles . his arms and legs were simply skin and bones as well . steve looked into the grey man s eyes , and saw a hunger there . not the hunger for boys he d seen before , the hunger that would hurt him . this is the hunger that would consume you until you were nothing but bones and ash . newline newline a smile crept up the grey man s face as he shuffled up the boy , took a seat and sat down . he had nt said a word . did nt mother warn him about people like this ? newline newline  eat all you want , boy . it s yours , for a price  , a dusty voice said that came out of the grey man s mouth . his teeth were as grey as his robes , but his breath did nt smell as bad as it looked . newline newline steve ate as much as he could until his belly was full . a loud belch and a good rip later , he ate a little more . he might not eat again if the grey man let him go . newline newline  thank you for the food , sir . i m full now . can i go ?  , steve asked as politely as he could . newline newline the chuckle that came rattling out of the man s poorly maintained was as empty as space . from under the table , the grey man pulled out a set of bronze scales and a set of old , rusted coins . newline newline muttering to himself , he added coins to one side of the scales , which unbalanced it . newline newline  you are in debt to me , young man . do you know that means ?  . newline newline  yes , but you let me eat your food . you gave it to me  . newline newline  nothing is ever given , boy . everything has a price . including your food . you will pay me with something  . newline newline  i have no money  . newline newline  i do nt want money . i want your servitude  . newline newline  and what if i do nt want to do this servitude  of yours , sir ?  . newline newline the grey man s hand shot out and wrapped his thin fingers around steve s throat and squeezed so hard , he saw stars in a matter of seconds . he tried to pry the fingers loose , but they were so tight . so tight . the blinking stars turned into darkness as steve could do nothing more than try to gasp and stay awake . newline newline author s note : need sleep . will continue as soon as i can , give me 11 hours . newline i never said she stole my money .  newline newline george honey can you hear me ? newline newline  i never said she stole my money .  newline newline i m sorry mrs. moore , it does nt look like the operation did any good . the bullet was too deep , and while we stopped the bleeding , we could nt repair all of the damage it caused . newline newline  i never said she stole my money .  newline newline it just happened so fast , i ca nt believe i ll never have the man i married back ! newline newline  i never said she stole my money .  newline newline maam cases like these are really hard to predict . there s a chance he ll have moments of clarity , but there s also a chance the damage will get worse over time . newline newline  i never said she stole my money .  newline newline do you think he ll ever stop repeating that sentence ? it s the last thing he said to me before those hoodlums shot through the window , we were arguing about firing the maid . newline newline  i never said she stole my money .  newline newline it s possible , we re looking into different treatments for you . would you like a tissue ? you re welcome . i ll send the grief counselor up . you re welcome maam , i m so sorry we could nt do more . newline newline  i never said she stole my money . the solution has become clear to me , but i ve not told another soul . i have found the cure for our declining population . a population that has been devastated by a disease that destroys the reproductive potential of entire family lines , a disease that was until a few minutes ago incurable . i feel the urge to go to my supervisors , the hand of the faceless corporation that has given me my lab and all the money i have ever requested . i feel the pull of the fame and riches that i would achieve if i released it to the now desperate public . the repopulation of a world that now feels emptier of human life than it has been in hundreds of years that has always been my goal . i ve often dreamed of a repopulated world , but something bothers me still . i see forests that have been allowed to thrive because of humanities need for resources have diminished and how they will be destroyed with the new population boom . i see animals that once numbered in the hundreds that now have single herds with hundreds of members , and i see these herds being slaughtered like in times of old . i see a world that has been allowed to bloom as humanity has receded and as our need for resources diminished . in one future i see an earth slowly regaining its  true colours and in another future a world that is slowly turned grey by humanity once again . newline i no longer see a choice i see a pathway . a path where the benefits outweigh the loss . so i drop the vial containing humanities hope for survival , and as i set fire to a lab i have locked myself in i see my research go up in smoke but as i come closer to death i see world that will emerge better from my ashes and eventually the ashes of humanity .the trail was only two miles to the top . the mountain was short and fat , and with that shape it offered thirtyfive different trails to the top . most were two to three miles apart , at least . the average distance a scream can actually travel , when bouncing off of the dense trees of northern california , was barely a mile . newline newline 6:00 . the perfect timing for someone to find a companion , a friend forever or kinda forever . the trail offers many friends on the way up . a pair of hippies that offer him some trail mix . a middle aged couple , trying to escape the office but clearly annoyed with prolonged exposure to each other . they will break up soon . the last of the downers descended , a trio of high school girls in athletic shorts and revealing tanktops . he undressed them with his eyes , and moved along to find someone who wanted to stay the night with him . well , stay the night at least . newline there were no friends that he could find , and boy was he lonely . usually there is a bum or two in the summer months , sleeping off their loneliness in a poorly erected fort or a cardboard box . the box was a shape he looked for often . its concrete angles screamed for attention among the contorted branches . but there were no cubes among the obtuse today . it was getting dark , and boy howdy was it getting lonely . newline newline a friend ! he rejoices furtively into a tree , scratching beard into bark and breathing heavy heaves into the air . a tent , and one tent , too small for someone who already has a friend . it must be someone who is lonely . newline newline he stares for about twenty minutes , until the sunset lost its sheen and purple night crept over the mountain sight . friend had taken a piss and smoked a joint in those twenty minutes , probably eating afterwards before lying down to sleep . newline newline by now my feet are going numb , so i do nt crunch the leaves . it has been an hour since friend has gone to bed , and he seems awful quiet . i am his guest , and he is being rude as hell . my trench rustles , and underneath torn sweatpants that usually show my genitals but i wore my jockstrap today because i wanted to make a friend . newline newline the tent is smooth . the man locks the drawstring of his sweatpants into place and licks the tent , and it is smooth . it tastes like music sounds , vibrations shooting into his tongue and rousing his heart into audibility . he twists his thumb between his right hand , and the urge to bite through the tent is too much . newline newline the yellow of my nails stripped the zipper naked , until the veil was deveined and the sight was before me . my friend , my new friend who i just wanted to love and be friends with and talk to , had somehow decapitate himself and placed his own dick in his mouth . the blood seared through his camper blanket and it turns out my friend did not do this to himself , because , while i knelt , i felt steel rend flesh and canvas . newline newline a thin rod of steel had been gouged through the man in the trenchcoat and sweatpants , spit rod style . it exited through his body with a plop and ripped the zipper cleanly off of its frame . the culprit was clear . the culprits were clear . newline newline i saw them , those demons . three faces weaving in between the moon and going dark where the trees blocked light from the backdrop . white faces shadowed by night , jagged teeth carving white nodules in midnight , lips bound to a smile and dragging the teeth into a caricature of happiness . they were depraves faces , arms scalped of fat with bone fingers tapping at the air , at nothing or crawling over each other s shoudlers . they shoved the rod into me , and with every push it became more lucid . movements motivated by supernatural puppetry , jerking limbs towards me with no itinerary . legs heaved , weaving in and out of the three until it was a crab reverberating through leaves with popcorn snaps and cracks . pig tails and cheap makeup , dolllike and porcelain , with small movements and their faces oh god their faces , they eyes , before i blacked out i could see how alive they were with absentness . bags underneath shattered the illusion of beauty , and housed wrinkles that maintained themselves in plentiful scrunches around the otherwise unblemished statues . finally , the smiles stopped , and the allure of breasts under white tanktops and athletic shorts was rendered terrifyng . and her and her and her breaths were spitting into my ears , rasping the words . newline newline  we saw you walking up the mountain , and looking at us . do you wan na be friends ?  newline newline they cackled until they roared and clawed into his eye sockets and teeth sank into his nose until he too , screamed . in the northern california mountains , on some and especially this one , the trails are far apart . a scream can only travel a mile , at best , through the dense canopy .death s eyes narrowed at the situation that had been just presented before him . so , this man was about to end his own life , but at the final second , the very moment he showed up to take him painlessly , this guy thinks it s funny to change his mind and shoot death in the face . newline newline really ? newline newline  ... well , i mean , nice try i guess ? you ca nt really kill death , but you made an attempt .  newline newline meanwhile , the poor , clearly upset and shocked man stared at death wideeyed , his entire body shaking from head to toe . all desire to end his own life vanished at the presence of the grim reaper . newline newline  yyou re ...  newline newline  death . thanatos . the grim reaper . hel , anubis , the archangels michael and samael , whatever . i ve gone by many names and forms . listen , i know you re probably depressed , considering that you tried to die and all , but here s the thing : you kind of ... saw me . and then acted against me . that s , uh . that s not usually a thing mortals can do .  newline newline the man stammered , trying to emit something from his vocal cords .  ii ... i did nt  i did nt mean to   newline newline  dude , it s okay . there s , uh , a bit of a problem now though . you see , because you ve seen me , that ... kinda means that i m fired . now , listen , this is as much of a shock to me as it is to you , but uh , by tradition of maintaining the balance in the world , because i m fired , that means that you re going to have to take my job . and that also means i have to take your place .  newline newline  wwait , wait a minute , what ? !  the man s voice hightened with fear and confusion .  ii have to be death ? but  but i do nt   newline newline  look , i know it s sudden , but look at it this way : you were going to die anyway , right ? or planning to anyhow . it s a rough job at times , but i m gon na be honest , i ve been playing death for quite a few centuries now . as you can see , i ve become just ... really , really jaded to all this shit . it s probably the reason why we have a replacement system that works this way  it s to make sure that none of us go insane .  death removed his hood off of his head , then moved towards the man . newline newline  nno , wait , wait ,  the man stepped back and protested .  please , i just ... look , i just wanted peace . i m of no help to anyone . i do nt want this .  newline newline  sorry man , i do nt either ,  death removed his cloaked veil , and in a matter of seconds , his facial features donned the appearance of the man before him . death  or what used to be death  gave an empathetic look to the man who could only watch in horror . he had nt felt empathy in a long time . but looking at this young man now , he remembered the time the job had been passed to him as well  just as quickly , and just as abruptly as this . it had to be this quick  death s job was important , and it had to be resumed without delay . he knew how it felt to be left alone in a position by himself . of course , all the other wordly titans  time , life , fate , and quite a few more  all assisted him in that transition , as they would all do immediately as they felt that the cloak had been passed on , but in that brief moment , he did nt want this poor guy to fend for himself like the death before him did . newline newline he sighed .  alright , look man . you re not going to be alone . the moment you put this hood on . fate will pop up and give you your next objective . she always does that . death does nt always have free time , although fortunately your job is only to go after conflicted souls .  newline newline the young man still looked at death blankly . he shook his head and took more steps away as he could nt believe he was looking at an image of himself . death sighed . newline newline  hey , how about this . i have nt been a mortal in a long , long time . taking your place  well , it s going to be really tricky for me . i know that you did nt ask for this , but , if you want , i could help you out with advice on your job , and you can give me the run down on how being a mortal is supposed to be like again . i have nt really been on this earth for , like , a couple hundred years . going to need help too .  newline newline the young man looked up . clearly , with much reluctance and yet resignation to his fate as the new death , the man took the cowl and held it in his hands . newline newline  ... fine ... deal , then .  newline newline  good to hear it .  alright , mr. henderson , sign here , here , and ... here . alright . anything further to add ?  the secretary asked , trying to smile as she plugged her nose . newline  hgnnn .  the corpse gurgled , shaking it s head back and forth with a jerking motion that nearly broke it s neck . it s flesh had decayed and rotted so much that bits of the man fell off of him as he moved . perched on his head was an unconvincing toupee , which somehow looked even more offensive than the putrid stench . newline  exellent !  the woman added . she tried to keep her cool while silently pushing a button hidden under her desk .  have a great day !  newline the dead man tried to smile , though it looked more like it was trying to pull all of the skin on it s head back . he ponderously turned around , and began to walk out of the small , bland reception area . as he left the building , a police car pulled up . on the side , the car was blazoned with the words paranormal response unit . newline two officers with masks and gloves on quickly stepped out , along with a priest . with bored professionalism , they knocked the corpse down and held it in place . as it ineffectually thrashed back and forth , the priest quickly performed the necessary rites . with a moan , she saw the spirit of the dead man eject from the body , and wail unintelligibly before finishing with a flash . the men then loaded the corpse into their vehicle and drove away . the secretary called down the hallway for the janitor to clean the reception area , and went back to work . at last , my plan has been completed ! now no one , not even you , turnback can stop me !  doctor synthario bellowed with laughter as he spoke.  your powers to turn back time will be in vain ! even if you stop me , you can never find all the bombs in time , ha ha ha !   you killed my family , my girlfriend , everyone i loved ,  turnback said with anger ,  one shot is all i need , you son of a bitch  . at this remark , turnback delved into the threshold of time , days turning to weeks , turning to months , turning to years . at last , turnback stopped at the right date , exactly three months before synthario s decent into madness . turnback , with livid precision , turnback found the doctor at his old home , fiddling with strange scientific instruments . the doctor spoke with a stern yet calm demeanor  might i ask who is it that has stepped into my office ?  with a relaxed chuckle , the doctor voice changed to that of a friendly relative.  now , who are you and how have you entered my home  ?  d ... doctor synthario ?  turnback spoke with nervous confusion , taken aback by synthario s good nature . turnback noticed something about synthario he never saw before . genuine care .  i m from the future , sent to prevent something awful . and i need your help .   oh , boy ! i ll be glad to help in any way i can !  the doctor said in honest concern.  just find me a screwdriver ,  turnback stated with slight quivering in his voice . he had never taken a life beforehand , let alone that of a sweet old man . no , he thought to himself , that man turns into a monster , he must be stopped here . with synthario s back turned to him , turnback pulled out his pair of handcuffs and attacked synthario from behind . for an old man , synthario put up a hell of a fight , but was no match for the great strength and virility of young turnback . wrestled to the ground and hanscuffed to a pipe , synthario pleaded withe turnback , begging for his life .  please , take what you want but just do nt hurt me , i m begging you  . turnback would nt listen to synthario , instead leaving the gas stove on to pump out it s clear death . turnback closed the door behind synthario , hearing his cries for mercy slowly be muffled by the ever growing cloud of deadly vapor wafting about.  i am the hero , not the villain ,  turnback assured himself as the weight of what he had just done began to rear it s ugly head . newline newline i am the hero , not the villain . mom ! mom !  newline newline  what it is dear ?  newline newline  i got this pretty bracelet at school today ! see ! look it , it s blue and white and has the prettiest little gold star charm ! it s so much prettier than the one everyone else got ! only mrs wolowitz and i got these pretty blue bracelets . everyone else got these ugly red ones with four weird little black l charms annnnd mine even even has my name engraved on it . nobody else has their name engraved on theirs .  newline newline  oh , that s nice dear . may i see it ? oh yeah , look at that abigail hosanna goldstien carved right there into the back . jimmy sat at home , ignoring his phone , and all his friends tried to call . he had to finish game of thrones , and he could nt be bothered at all . he turned up the volume , to drown out his friends , who s calls kept coming in . when the show was over , and his favorite character dead , he had to cheer him self up . he looked at his phone , it was dead too , so he did nt know what time it was . he flipped through channels , looking for something funny , to cheer him self up . he watched mork and mindy until commercials came on , then changed it to the local news . but it was just sports scores , which he found boring , so he changed to something else . next up was was a horror movie , but he was not in the mood , so he flipped from that channel too . he finally found something to his liking on channel 33 . a funny new sitcom about about an spanish maid working in china , who secretly wants to own a zoo . when that was over , he switched to cinemax , to try and catch something naughty . when the door bell rang , he turned the tv up more . what kind of person would bother him at this hour ? if he would have checked , he would have seen it was the cops . they came to deliver bad news . but they eventually left when he did nt answer , though they could see him through the curtains . it was nt jimmy s fault , though . because it was not jimmy who controlled the tv remote , but the tv remote that controlled him . newline newline  newline newline i know , it is a predictable , unrefined outline , that does nt know what it wants to be . but i liked writing it : pi clicked and clacked away without pleasure . newline newline this was my life now . all the fun had run out of it . newline newline once , i had been a writer . not a great one , not a well known one , but i had been published on a few sites . still , i always created my own world . newline newline alas , the creativity i once had ran out . no longer capable of creating my own world , i sought inspiration from others . i sought refuge in creative writing prompts . it was nt the same . i hated writing something that was nt one hundred percent mine . i felt it akin to plagiarism . still , i wrote occasionally , just to hone the blades of the mind . but there was no joy in it . newline newline i felt hollow . each prompt was a variation of the same ideas , the same motifs , chopped up and served again as something they tried to call new . newline newline i hated it . and yet , it was what i kept at , to keep sane . why ?the parents are out of the room . the baby is calm . a shaky breath . trembling hands flip the switch . newline newline  okay , little one . what s going on in your world ?  newline newline  in my world ? mommy is worried about me , soft , but staticky . sister is jealous . it burns my mind . papa is resentful , and it s cold inside my head.  newline newline this is  not what he had imagined . he was expecting things like want mommy  and hungry .  he d have to think very hard before releasing a device that could prove that babies were empathic ... newline newline a few more tests , at least . well , as long as he had baby here ...  anything else you want to tell me ?  newline newline the baby gave him a look that crossed anger with constipation and began to wail , as the speaker murmured  mommy s heart will fail . daddy s car will crash . sister s boyfriend will kill her . you will  newline newline the switch on the microphone assembly was loud , audible even over the child s escalating screams . newline newline the inventor , shaking again , managed to call in the parents and explain that , no , the device did nt work , and he would certainly call them if he needed a baby to test with again . newline newline later , after a shot of whiskey , a small fire , and a few cups of tea , he looked over at the pile of broken bits and pieces that had been his pride and joy , and swore the old vaudeville preformer s oath . newline newline  never work with animals or small children .  home by 3am , that s got to be a record  i thought to myself , as i took one final swig from my bottle of wild irish rose and cast it into the street . newline with a sigh of relief i unlocked the door of my studio apartment , rare were the nights that i actually got to sleep anywhere other then a jail cell . newline newline even in my drunker stupor , upon entering my home , i knew something was off . everything was dark , i never shut off my lights when i leave , better to give people the illusion someone s home to deter break ins . in the center of the darkness i could make out a large chair facing away from the door . something was definitely wrong , i never could afford furniture . newline newline i immediately flipped on the lights and attempted to b line it to the closet for my shotgun , but in a feat of grace tripped over nothing and ended up face first into the door . a small chuckle met my performance , groaning in pain i turned to see a man dressed in black , a mask hiding his face . newline  the fuck do you want crazy  , i said slurring my speech  i have no money , no valuables , and no one who cares about me enough to pay a ransom .  newline newline the dark figure slowly stood , his stature was massive , his outfit i could now see was some type of armor fitted with blades on his wrists . in a voice sounding oddly robotic in nature he said ,  your reputation proceeds erick  . newline  what reputation ? being a lowlife alcoholic  i replied . newline newline he slowly started pacing the room , only stopping to pick up an empty forty off the ground .  florida man drunkenly , fights off 30 cops while vigorously masturbating . florida man enters gorilla enclosure and wrestles beast to submission . florida man breaks open bank vault , only to be found passed out on vault floor . florida man passed out on tracks derails freight train .  newline newline  that one was an accident  i mumbled . newline  you are special erik ,  replied the dark figure.  you have power that you can not even comprehend .  newline newline  spit it out already , what do you want !  i yelled . newline  i m putting together a team erick , a team of special people with abilities , i want you to be part of it .  newline newline  and just who the fuck do you think you are  i said increasingly agitated . newline newline  really dude ?  said the man in disbelief.  black armor , cape , mask , giant bat on my chest ... ... .. i m fucking batman .  newline newline newline newlineangela , newline newline you know that i have a way with words and when i need to say something , i say it . this is just one of these times where my voice would nt be able to articulate the things i want to say , so i ll leave it here for words for you to read . this is nt the end , but the beginning . shakespear once said  nothing is good or bad , but thinking makes it so .  i do nt know how you re going to feel , but i hope you keep in mind that right now , this moment i m happy . you have brought so much color to my life , i do nt want you to blame yourself for anything i do . i just can not even put you , who you are , who you come to be , into words . i would be sitting here writing this all day . i m happy we shared moments . i m happy for the life we lived and how we grew together . newline newline forever is a hard concept to grasp or imagine . for me i m ready to see what forever it feels like , like our love it is never ending . and like our love it never will . newline newline i love you , from here to the moon . newline newline newline thomas .our family dog molly is the sweetest beaglepointer mix . she is calm , quiet , keeps to herself , and independent . we rescued her when she was four months old and she quickly anchored herself in the fabric that weaves our family together . nearly every morning for the last ten years molly and i have been the first ones awake , taking the first steps into each day while the rest of our family sleeps . this morning i woke up to find molly had taken a walk without me . this morning i woke up to discover molly s lifeless body calmly and quietly at rest in her dog bed . i have no idea how to tell my kids that all life will come to end .it was war . newline newline the controversy surrounding the yogventures cancellation had sparked fires in the hearts of the citizens of rgaming and their neighbouring countries rgames and rtruegaming . rnerdcubed stood ready to aid them if the need arose . newline newline the yognau  gh  ts living in the relatively peaceful nation of ryogscast knew this day was coming , the moment they saw the propaganda posters   yogscast scams thousands of fans in kickstarter controversy !  the yognau  gh  ts knew this was nt true , but the rest of reddit s populace , who were nt as familiar with the legendary heroes of ryogscast , could only go by what the news media and gaming press were saying . newline newline a diplomat from ryogscast , who had been working out of the yogembassy in rgaming , was deported  upon arrival in his homeland he was found to be badly wounded . clearly the war had begun without the yognau  gh  ts . newline newline roflcopters armed with dnvt  downvote   warheads massed on the borders of ryogscast , and some , the lessnoble among the yognau  gh  ts , had begun infiltrating the allied video gaming nations and performing covert strikes of their own . it looked like mutually assured destruction ... newline newline then , like a message from god , sagan , tyson , zeus , or whoever was in charge of these things , an envoy from winterkewl , the organization the yogscast had tasked with the creation of their game , arrived in the war camps of each side . the message was sent that no one was scammed , winterkewl had merely been forced to cease production as a result of a prolonged development time stretching the kickstarter funds further than they were capable of . this was quickly followed by a statement from the yogscast themselves , revealing that those who had backed the project would be rewarded in other ways , and that the rewards which were nt the finished game but were part of the original kickstarter were still forthcoming . newline newline by that point , however , it was too late ... the first salvos had flown from both sides , the first casualties claimed . the subsequent introduction of a method to give independent developers yogscastlevel exposure to the community , poorlyexplained as it was initially , only made matters worse ... war was already underway , and it would not stop until drastic steps were taken . newline newline edit : fixed a typo  countrits  instead of countries  helen strolled into the convenient store . every morning , she would pick up her morning newspaper , a cup of coffee , and her little special pickerupper before her commute . her morning routine was ritualistic and embedded in her dna . newline the convenient store boasted a colorful array of items . one could mistake it as a 711 from the outset , but like an impressionist painting , the closer you get , the more you can find in the broad brushstroke . newline  good morning , doug ,  she cheerfully said . newline doug , sitting in his wheelchair , shifted his head the best he could and smiled back .  morning ,  he croaked . doug did not have full capabilities of his body , but the automated wheelchair improved his life . he rolled his neck back with effort to the computer monitor attached to his chair . newline helen swiftly poured her coffee to the brim in a single pour , not spilling a drop , and walked towards the counter to pick up a copy of the la times . newline this time , doug did not shift his head away from the monitor .  your vitals seem a bit off.  he said . newline helen continued to smile and she laid a leather pouch down . the pouch clanged as it touched the counter . doug slowly slid his fingers across his screen like an earthworm slowly slithering across the dirt . a compartment on top of the table where the pouch was popped open without sound to reveal a small paper bag with the creases of a box inside it . it was neatly wrapped against the frame . helen picked up her package , her coffee and newspaper and walked outside ,  see you tomorrow.  newlinemy orders were simple . go the imperial hotel . check in under the name jon phillips . request room 605 . create a profile on the lottery winner for each month . one day , a lottery winner will enter room 605 , at which point i will assassinate them . newline newline the lottery system was simple . a name was drawn each month . winners became members of the council . the council ran the country . democracy was long gone . the lottery system gave the illusion of chance . with luck , you could be selected . you could change things . make no mistake , lottery winners were figure heads , nothing more . the people behind the scenes , the ones who really called the shots are the people i work for . people assumed the body existed , but no one has ever proved it . i m one of the reasons they have nt . newline newline i ve done things i m not proud of , but when you work for the body , you either do what you re told or it s your head on the chopping block . my best friend was on his first assignment . a foreign official with a big mouth . he had a elevator rigged to malfunction when his target entered the lift . everything was set , but two young girls got on the elevator with his mark . he clammed up . he did nt go through with it . i never saw him again . worse yet his family disappeared too . it was at that moment that i decided i would do as i m told . i would complete every job . to protect my wife and daughter . to live . newline newline there had be fifteen lottery winners since i began this job . i have nt left the room . a supply drop was left on the balcony every week with just enough to get by . i had detailed notes on every winner for the past fifteen months . i was ready . the newline body said the day would come and to hold tight but that s all i knew . i miss jen and i miss my little girl . newline newline i was excited for the draw . i actually enjoyed creating the profiles . usually kept me busy for a week or so and offered a temporary escape from this room , if only mentally . i turned on channel three as every person the country is required to do at 6pm on the first of each month . the intro music began and the host , who always kept it short and sweet began : newline newline  welcome to the lottery draw for the month of december 2027  newline newline images of hundreds of faces randomized across the screen . after a few moments they began to slow until resting on a picture . my picture . oh fuck . my heart began to race . my face hot and flush . the lottery winners may not make any difference in government decisions , but winning comes with perks . wealth , fame and most importantly i could get off these assignments and be with my family . newline newline i snap out of my daze when i hear a knock at the door . a shot of adrenaline pulses through me . they ve come for me . i m getting out of here . i open the door and a room service cart sits in front of me . on it is a silver serving tray with a fancy silver cover . confused , i wheel the cart in the room and lift the cover . on the tray sits a picture of my wife and daughter , a single grey pill and note : newline newline if you love them , do it now newline newline it hits me like a brick wall . i m not a winner destined for a better life . i m the target . newline newline i take the photo and sit on the edge of the bed . i pop the pill into my mouth . i feel my muscles tense and my vision blurs . i take a last look at my family as everything fades to black . newline newlinethe united nations made a remarkable statement today , although with current events , it may not be too shocking . newline newline for as long as humans have been on this earth we have sought after the answer to a single question : are we alone ? first , we saw religions claiming to have found the solution , next there were scientists who had theorized that there must have been something out in the vastness of space . this intelligent alien life could have had to travel hundreds of thousands of light years in order to get to our planet . out of these two theories , the one closest to the truth would have been the first .  newline newline they paused for a moment , shifting papers around and getting a slideshow set up for the next part of the presentation . however , this also allowed for the people watching this to calm down and focus again on this important message . newline newline there has always been somethings that we have deemed to be , in our own words , unexplainable . now , we may have indeed found the answer . the answer to not only the famous , or now infamous  are we alone ?  statement , but to the reasoning behind natural disasters of any and all kinds .  newline newline another pause , the speaker had to maintain this composure for so long . he was truly remarkable . newline newline as of late , we have had reports from all over the world of increasing amounts of , as well as an increasing severity of , natural disasters . fortunately , we now know the truth behind these happenings . unfortunately , we may not be able to stop it from getting worse .  newline newline a picture came up on the screen behind the presenter , a blurry image of what seemed to be a shadow . the figure was immensely tall , practically three stories in height . newline newline this , is a picture taken in tokyo , japan , a mere six hours ago . sightings of this shadow have since been reported from sydney , australia , washington d.c. , and in cairo , egypt . the figure was believed to be some sort of light show , an effect , a trick , or perhaps even a machine resembling one in the science fiction stories we have grown so fond of .  newline newline another picture appeared , this time the shadow was portrayed alone in the sky . it was partially translucent , it seemed to be floating facing the earth and the sun was partially showing through it . however , the brightness was that of the sun attempting to shine through a dark thunderstorm . newline newline this , is a picture taken in garden of the gods , in the state of colorado . this figure is no shadow , it has physical properties . while it appears to be somewhat translucent , blocking out about eighty percent of the sun s rays , it also appears to have mass of some description .  newline newline new slide , this time of a video . the shadow was moving . it slowly lowered a hand as it grazed by a rock formation , and instead of passing through it , the rock crumbled instantly , reduced to mere gravel . newline newline the man paused , waiting for the representatives of countries world wide to regain their composure . newline newline no trickery , no light shows , no effects . this figure is capable of destroying formations of rock by merely passing them by . however , there is good news to come . this figure has only been reported to be visible for a maximum for fortysix seconds before disappearing completely . this phenomena can not remain for long , yet it has caused explainable events of occur , such as its display of power in garden of the gods . the bad news comes more again , ever since it was first seen , reports are coming in that it is showing up more and more often , and for longer periods of time .  newline newline new slide , four videos were playing at the same time . in each video , the figure was slowly floating around whatever area it was in . as it passed through objects  a small bridge , an office building , a school campus , and a parking garage  , people witnessed as those structures were being shredded apart . the cars were torn into pieces of scrap metal , the windows reduced to practically sand , etc . newline newline these were taken from two hours ago , to twentyeight minutes ago . these sightings show no sign of stopping , and we are running short on time between appearances . we need to   newline newline it was obvious , even if you were watching it at home through a computer , the room began to shake . a terrible tremor that seemingly grew more ferocious as time went on . after thirtysix seconds of constant shaking , a voice was heard . newline newline   mankind ...   newline newline a deep voice rang out from somewhere , causing the windows and water glasses to shatter . people were covering their ears , but it showed no signs of reducing the volume or pain they must have been experiencing . newline newline   i am alpha .   newline newline as it spoke its name , the ground began to light up . it was a warm , yellow light much resembling the calming feeling a nightlight would bring a child . as it grew , the being spoke more . newline newline   my brother , omega is breaking the creed and is currently attempting to invade your world .   newline newline the shaking was stabilizing , the tremors were no longer as bad as they once were . the light died down and the voice became quieter . newline newline   i need your help .  i was just browsing around in the market when i met her . i was right in the crossroads between two aisles when i heard her say  kiss me .  newline newline  what ?  i turned to meet the person who had said this . newline i was greeted by a short , slender girl in a neon red hoodie with a face filled with freckles and short brown hair with streaks of red . newline  cmon ! you ve never kissed a girl before ! try it out !  she asked again with a slight whining tone . newline  but ... .i do nt ... i do nt want to .  i looked around to see if anybody else was noticing this teenager randomly coming onto me , but nobody else seemed to see her . newline newline  that does nt matter ! what matters is making god mad !  newline newline  huh ?  newline newline  i m the antichrist gurl . i need to make god mad by stirring up some sin . i figured i d start with some gay stuff , and you re like the least bad girl to grind with who s nearby .  newline newline and with that i immediately turned and walked away . newline newline  wait ! do nt go ! you were supposed to have some dark shitspawn burst out of your chest ! your knowledge of my existence is totally gon na slow down my dark reeeeeeeiggggn ! uuuuuuugh !  she groaned with her head tilted back . newline newline  sorry .  i said while waving goodbye . suddenly , i felt electricity surge through my whole body . i realized i could nt move , and that my body was simply standing still and breathing heavily . newline newline  there .  said the hooded girl behind me .  at least you ll be sorta useful now in a different way . let s go eat a bunny , talzor !  newline newline  yes , mistress .  said a deep voice out of my mouth as the demon unnaturally limped my body along with her towards the exit . newline newlinei ran through the back alleys , my daggers crimson and the sound of the cops at my heels . a bullet glided past me as i skidded through the puddles , i knew these streets like the back of my hand . my heart raced at the same speed as the ripple of sparks from the gunsmen behind me . my vision tunnelled as it dawned on me  a dead end ! i struck it at a high speed , unable to slow down . the blood rushed to my head and i fell into the dusty pavement , i had to think quickly  they were gathering quickly , i had seconds at most . i scrambled towards the bins forcing it against the wall before climbing on top of it , with a forceful movement i forced my knife into the ancient cement . newline using the foot hold i began to scramble the wall , my slippery grip unaided by decades of moss . grit wedged its way into my fingernails as my feet flurried against the surface , desperate to kick away part of the wall  desperate for a foot hold . i managed to scramble upwards onto the wall as a bullet grazed my heel . god that hurt . i practically fell off the other side , limping my way forward and never looking back . she stood there sharply , an unfearing smirk on her face that i longed to ruin . one bullet was all it would take and the detective would be gone . i reached for my pistol and cocked it ready for the shoot  go ahead  she smirked . i fired at her pretty blonde hair to receive an empty click . she giggled . the bitch fucking giggled at me . like a fucking schoolgirl . newline i charged at her with every ounce of energy left in me , if i do anything before i die it  s slay this bitch ! my blade slid through her cream coat and i waited for the satisfying noises that were associated with my deed . but instead of a sacred silence , the noise of a girl begging for her life as her breathing stopped  there was another giggle and the clunk of metal touching metal . as the soldiers gathered around me i grabbed her by her neck . not so smug now , now she  s finally useful . i placed my steel against her precious veils , a pulse being magnified by the knife like a stethoscope . my heart seemed to sync with hers , my grin widening and a rush of endorphins hit me like a flood .  ladies and gentlemen  you found me  i began .  so now we have a game on our hands  i murmured snatching the gun from her jacket pocket . she gasped helplessly , like the girls i used to know down caroline street . always so confident until put on the spot .  who is gon na shoot first ?  i asked mockingly . then something happened . a sharp twist from the detective and i was hit by a painful sensation , it took me a moment to calculate what happened . she grabbed the pistol from my hand in one fluid movement and aimed it at me , firing into my shoulders to keep me down . newline  nice try  i smirked sliding a vial from my coat at chugging it like a shot . a flash of recognision hit her and she backed away .  you know how serial killers are known by their last names  i gargled , my last breaths fading .  well mine  s montgomery  austin montgomery king  i smirked , my vision fading fast as i began to vomit a little . my body desperate to reject that vile fluid .  and i  m claiming one last victim  i yelled . my knife slipped inside the bitch  s brain as i blacked out . newline newline sidenote : i  m a little out of practice newlinethe little boy could barely contain his excitement as he runs down the hill . newline newline  after all these times , it s finally my chance !  newline newline  dad ! dad !  the boy yelled as he busts through the door ,  i got attacked by a slime this morning and i lost my ring ! the programmers heard about it and they made me a beginner quest npc ! !  newline newline the boy looks around excitedly , but to his displeasure the house is empty . it seems his dad is still at the town hall , giving out mid level quests to the players . newline newline a little disappointed he could nt share his good news with his dad right away , the boy went into his room . newline newline 15 minutes later newline newline attention players , we will now begin our scheduled weekly update . we apologize for any inconvenience .  newline newline as the message fades , a man appears inside the house . he adjusts his glasses and flattens his dark short hair . newline newline after making sure his appearance is perfect he walks up to the boys room . newline newline  you main quest npc yet ?  asked the man . newline newline  no dad , i m   newline newline  talk to me when you main quest npc  closes door . 15 years ago , daniel , noah , and i promised each other one thing : no matter what , we d find each other and we would watch this tape .  ryan wrote into his journal . the ink on the page was running and he had to rewrite the sentence several times before his tears stopped falling . newline newline he took a sip from his glass , wincing as fire flooded his mouth . standing up , he shrugged off his coat and walked into his living room , stepping over books and broken glass . after blowing off the dust from his vcr , he looked around him . newline newline  looks like it s just me .  newline newline ryan started the tape . on the screen were three ghosts . three boys he could nt remember . a dark skinned boy sat down in front of the camera , soon followed a child hiding behind his own blonde hair . noah and daniel . newline newline tears welled in ryan s eyes as he stood up . he could nt . he shut off the tv and stumbled to his room . his black dress shirt , his black slacks , his black socks , his black shoes all layer haphazardly on the floor . as he fell into his bed , ryan screamed wordlessly . after he caught his breath he whispered . newline newline  we made a promise . why am i the only one here ? ted s wife dies , he goes psycho over it one day and kills the kids . then he gets plastic surgery to make himself black and unrecognizable . but he keeps his last name , for sentimental reasons .  however he does add an  e  in there .  newline newline he then takes a job at a hotel where he spends his days trying to keep order as two blonde teenage twin boys cause all kinds of chaos in the hotel and trying not to give in to his temptations to make moves on the incredibly hot asian chick who is the daughter of the owner of the hotel . newline newline classic schmoseby . so , what s you re name ?  newline newline  evan brandenburg . what about you young man ?  newline newline  aaron oldenburg . are you german by any chance ?  newline newline  once . once upon time .  newline newline  when did you leave ?  newline newline  after the war . slipped out into italy , took a boat to tunis , waited a few years there . started walking east . here i am , want to get to antioch but i think i m satisfied with the city on the hill . for the moment .  newline newline  what did you do in the war ? did you serve ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  where ?  newline newline  guard , little town in the east of the czechoslovakia .  newline newline  when ?  newline newline  long time no see 932712 . i think you know when .  newline newline  give me one reason i do nt have you arrested and sent back to germany you monster . better yet hand you over to the idf and see what they do to you .  newline newline  i do nt have one . but tell me something , what would you do in my shoes ?  newline newline  pardon ?  newline newline  what do you do , when you re broke , when you re alone in the world with nothing to you but you re blood and skin ? i will not ask for forgiveness , especially when it is not due . but i must ask that you understand , what it was and where i came from .  newline newline  i was young when the great war ended , i lost two generations of my forfathers , one to pneumonia , another to gas . i grew up barley able to believe in anything . hungry , alone . then came that wave of fury , that the fatherland was in need of aid . what a crock . then , then came the night of broken glass , i was drafted , and then it came to the point where i had nothing but a want to survive . that s where you found me 932712 . holding a gun to your head , shuffling you into a pit that no one came out of .  newline newline  why ?  newline newline  because i was told to , by a man , who was told by a man , by a commandant , by a hand of the glorious fuehrer to do it . none of us important enough to make a decision for ourselves .  newline newline  are you even sorry ? !  newline newline  does my sorrow bring back the dead ? return lost limbs and rebuild homes ? does it heal the soul ? no . i am sorry , for you , for myself , for everyone else , for everything i helped destroy . but it does nothing , and it s worth nothing , and i have had nothing to do but think to myself for a long time on it .  newline newline  one one last question . why did you not shoot ?  newline newline  i do nt know .  newline newline  have a good day aaron .  newlinenewline every night there is a reset , like a previous save point . ever since i went to the edge of my world , my town , i ve known that for sure and learned why . newline newline in this town the only differences each day are advertisements . jingles on the radio and samples from all the stores and stands . if i go to work , which no one will really notice if i do nt , i get berated for something being late that my two senior managers need to sign . so i usually do nt . newline newline the good news is i can do whatever i want , i just do nt remember it . or i would nt , but under the town there is shielding where we do nt reset . newline newline except the guy that runs this place , his experiment ,  fixed  that so i do nt remember every day anymore . i remember up until day he did that , minus a bunch of days before , i figured out there was a reset  giant searing headbang feeling is a big giveaway , but my wife did nt really notice or care beyond  oh , i had the same dream .  it is real.  . and of course i remember today since i woke up . newline newline today i am going to see him . biting my lip i wonder how many times i have decided that since he turned off the protection underneath the town . 10 , 100 , 0 ? i might find out today . i hope i remember tomorrow . newline newline   newline   newline newline thanks for reading ! newline newline this is occurs after a well known science science fiction short story . can you guess what it is ? newline newline there are more stories in my history you might enjoy . newlineit was 8:52 and a half when i touched the first of the 13 lampposts on my way to work . averaging at a pace of 4 mph i would hit the next one in roughly 33 seconds . my 72nd day at work and i was already 13 minutes behind schedule , due to the nincompoop who broke the water pipe last night . i told myself i should nt anger steven , but he decided to stay up , so he had to pay the price . he skips beside me , his face a metamorphosis of contorting emotion , happy , sad , bemused , ecstatic as he tries and finds ways to change my rhythm . an untied lace there , unkempt hair here , a pencil a centimeter farther to the left . newline newline i keep the thought fresh in my mind as i descend the 24 steps down onto main street , sliding my hand across the cold wrought iron of lamppost  2 . tomorrow was payday and my next doctors appointment , and i needed to leave work 3 minutes early to be able to go to the cash point and catch the bus to the doctor s in time . steven jabbers on about how i should complain there were nt exactly 50 pills in the last patch , and how i ran out early , but he is just trying to tease me . 1 more day of living with that inane halfwit and he disappears for at least another month . another month without that psychopath driving my every thought and idea , creating issues and morphing everyday life into a painful strenuous process . newline newline i caressed the third lamppost , 13 seconds behind schedule . but why should we do it now ?  i heard tom say just as i opened my eyes sitting in these terrible seats . newline newline  i agree with tom  i say  the plane ride here was quite the long one . maybe we can do it the day after tomorrow . then we can explore the city a bit tomorrow , and maybe even get some good solid sleep in the hotel.  newline newline haha , explore the city , yeah right . i  ll be sleeping all the day tomorrow . those busy bastards can keep the activity to them .  newline newline  sounds like a plan , tom , peter , john , hans , what do you feel like ?  anna said , she was the only girl in our group , she didn  t look all too happy about that . newline newline everyone nodded and the group left the meeting rooms they gathered in to go to their rooms . newline newline i hope none of them ask me to actually go out tomorrow . i really do not feel like going out . after such a plane drive i really need to calm down for a day or two newline newline  hey john  tom whispered .  i really don  t feel like going out tomorrow , how do you feel about watching a movie in the cinema at the top of the hotel ?  o god here we go . i  m afraid i  ll have to act like i actually want to do something to get to know these people newline newline i take a step back , taking tom in as i think about the options i have . should i go with him , or tell him some bullshit excuse that he  ll totally see through ?   yeah , sounds like a great idea , we  ll text about the specifics  i quickly say as he starts to look a bit uncomfortable at me looking at him and thinking so long . newline newline  right , i  ll see your text appear anywhere tonight or tomorrow morning.   yeah , see you later !  i respond as tom steps out of the elevator and walks to his room . as i sigh about the elevator being such a slow one i hear a voice in my head . newline newline great job you piece of shit now we actually need to go do something tomorrow .  i sigh deeply . i though i was done with that voice .  i walk to my room as i try to forget about him . wonderfully it actually seems to work . the voice is actually gone , maybe he is just as lazy as i am , i certainly hope so .  newline newline as i enter my room a feeling of rest and laziness takes over and forces me to drop on the bed . this actually is quite the good bed for a hotel .  newline newline   newline newline what . where am i . where is my blanket . why am i so cold . where is the light switch .  i wake up frantically searching for answers to the questions racing through my brain . then suddenly i realise where i am and i calm down a bit . i  m at the hotel , i must have fallen asleep when i tested the bed . the light switch is a bit further left as at home . newline newline few , the adrenaline has calmed down a bit . lets check the time and go to the toilet .  newline newline when i sit down on the toilet i actually get to recollect a bit . when i grab my phone i see one text . newline newline tom : hey i don  t feel really good . i  ll see ya at the meeting tomorrow . my belly is acting up quite the bit .  newline newline well , isn  t that timed perfectly . i didn  t feel like going anyway .  newline newline john : shite , that does not sound good . try and keep it together , i  ll see ya at the meeting !  newline newline this makes me feel even better about today , i really don  t have to do anything now . i  ll just go to sleep that i guess . this time without clothing .  newline newline i take my clothes off and get in bed . newline newline   newline newline after a good day and night of sleep and slumber i get up and walk to the elevator . as i touch the button for the lobby and meeting rooms i get a text . newline newline anna : i hope you are not on your way yet , as the meeting has been pushed forward a day , i  m sick .  newline newline i think about my response for a while as the elevator opens . the people in the elevator do not look happy that i made the elevator stop . the looks on their faces do not improve as i awkwardly walk back to my room mumbling a not so honest sorry . newline newline what a dumbasses , all busy and shit on this horrible day . its raining like hell and they are going outside . i  ll keep it down today .  newline newline i quickly type up a text . better make them think i am a bit active , don  t want them to actually know i  m this lazy .  newline newline john : no problem , another day to spend in the city is another day well spend newline newline like i actually will go to the city , i didn  t go yesterday , and i  m pretty sure i won  t go today either newline newline   newline newline three weeks later we still have not had the meeting , we talk about it often , i must have spend about half the time i am awake texting with them about it . when suddenly i get an amazing text from anna in our private thread . newline newline anna : i have a secret i need to tell you . when i get out of bed to pee in a couple of minutes i  ll walk past your room , i really don  t want anyone else to know . please tell me you won  t tell anyone about it ?  newline newline what could it possible be .  i quickly type a response . newline newline john : i promise i won  t tell anyone . i might even be too lazy to do so :   newline newline i wait a couple of minutes before hearing a faint knock on the door .  i  ll open it !  i say as i get up and realize i haven  t even put on any clothes yet . i grab the blankets and wrap them around me . newline newline opening the door i grin at anna .  i  m sorry for the nonexisting clothing.   no problem  anna says as the steps inside .  just get on the bed and stay there.  she laughs . newline newline i run back to the bed and tap on the other side motioning her to go and sit there . as anna sits down she starts . newline newline  please please promise you won  t tell anyone.  i take a while to answer .  no.  i say strongly .  i won  t.   right , i just had to be sure.  newline newline after a couple minutes of a nice silence anna starts to talk .  i really am not feeling like having this meeting now . we already waited half a week and i think we should push this to next year.  she sighs deeply , like really really deep sigh . i take a while to respond .  while it feels a bit lazy , that sounds like a great idea . but how do we break it to the others ?  anna laughs .  i already asked tom and peter , they where up for it.   but , you said it was a secret  i ask .  i thought you hadn  t told anyone else about it.  anna laughs again .  had i found out you where not into it i could always act like the others also wanted to go on with it.  newline newline now it is my turn to laugh .  sounds like a smart decision . will you tell hans ?   yeah , leave that to me.  anna responds . newline newline as anna gets up to leave i ask her a last thing .  when will the plane go back ?  anna responds with a shrug and throws a ticket on my bed .  tonight.  newline newline   newline newline as i sit on the plane back i get a text from anna . newline newline anna : i completely forgot to tell hans we were leaving . oops :   newline newline   newline newline my first writing prompt . please be gentle : pher house was a shanty , and the neighborhood was poor , but she was a bright kid . she had a good future ahead of her , her mom would say . the definitive straighta student , bound for college . newline newline school was never difficult , and scholarships came easily . her mother wept when she came home and announced she  d been accepted to the state  s best university . newline newline she was capable , but education is pricey . she took up a job to support her education . her mom became sick shortly after , and despite the mother  s protests , she quit her schooling to care of her . she became deathly ill that month newline newline the nurse found her in the lobby , anxiously waiting . three words , and three only .  there were complications.  newline newline education was pricey , and so is medical care . the house was sold . the jobs she took to pay off her debt were less than desirable . she did things she wasn  t proud of . newline newline she turned to drugs , a brief respite from a droll reality . her happiest moments were rarely lucid , and came in needles and pills . newline newline she was found in a dreary alleyway , eyes glazed over . cause of death , overdose . she was buried in a grave with no name , and nobody mourned . newline newline newline newline newlinean : deviates from the prompt a little . newline we were seated around an eight person table , feasting on the flesh of lab developed animals , when he popped the question . newline  so , how do you think this new revival business is going to affect suicide and the like ?  newline it was badly timed , as i was in the middle of exposition with a shareholder . nick was my best friend though , so i put the conversation aside in order to face him .  sorry ?  newline  what do you think will happen to folks who suicide after revival comes out ?  newline  well , this is an odd question . i guess family members would just bring them back . maybe put them with a shrink or something .  newline  oh .  newline i waited a little bit longer to see if he had anything else to say , before turning back to the shareholder , who looked a little peeved at me for having dropped the conversation .  anyways , with the advent of revival death should come to a halt . aging stopped way back , and now if anyone dies we can just use their blueprints to remake them .  newline  so how long till it officially releases ?  newline  federal s going to start the body scans in a week . once everybody s molecules are all marked up we ll release it . we estimate it will happen in about a month .  newline  i see . how much are you charging ?  newline  oh , no charge other than taxes , and i think everybody s already gotten pretty used to the research funding .  newline  well that s good . you know , i think what you re doing is very beautiful , doctor . you are saving so many lives .  newline i smiled slightly .  thank you very much .  newline then it was march . newline i stood in the grass , numbly staring at his grave , eyes tracing the familiar letters . newline they said it was the biggest mass suicide in history . people by the billions found dead in their homes , only a day before scanning . and it was all my fault . newlineonce a month , i set my work phone down , unplug the router , give my office assistants a day off and set some time to myself . pull up the red velvet chair , the ottoman , put a record or two on , dunk myself in a warm tub or make plans to walk in the local park . ideally , that day should contain no more than one interruption that was unscheduled which has the option of being pleasant or disturbing . more often than not , it is fairly benign and is received with apathy or mild amusement . newline newline newline however , should an extraordinary circumstance arise , such as a personal emergency , i have my trust analogue phone for a messaging service to contact me . my job necessitates full discretion , and while 12 vacation days seems like a lot of time to the average man , it is precious indeed . newline newline newline most of my clients do not have my personal number . newline newline newline thus , my day was almost ruined as i turned it on in the early hours of the morning where i had decided to hike the mountain trails with a pack of rescue dogs , finding instead that my personal phone had no less than fifty text messages . all , locations of supermax prisons where none other than the worst criminals were held . notorious murders , villainy of the lowest level and your standard run of the mill supervillains . newline newline newline were it not for the fact that today was april 1st , i would have instead broken into most of the homes of my clients and provided a disturbance to them . newline newline newline a bark to my right alerted me to an eager daschund , a full milk chocolate coat , flanked on each side by huskies . i grabbed my walking stick and headed out .a woman walking down a street stops . she stoops to tuck her jean bottoms into her socks , then pulls her turtle neck up over her nose . she tightens the hood around her head until only her eyes show and zips the final layer up , feeling it hug her .  no turning back now ,  she whispers to herself before starting again . she rounds the corner where kensington ave. meets main street , where the crowd has gathered , where the mob is forming . they re all screaming now , and she screams too . she stands on the concrete base of the nearest light pole and sees the front of the crowd . they re wavering at the front but no one s broken the line yet . some men throw rocks . some women join them . fifty yards south down main stands a perfect row of riot police , staring back at the crowd through their clear polycarbonate shields . they remind her of black knights , standing on some distant battlefield , awaiting a breach in their rivals form . smokey canister s thump into the air and she feels the crowd lurch forward . it moves her like a strong current moving her out to sea or down to the deeps . her hand slips from the pole and the crowd tears on , roaring , trampling her as they move . there is nt time to scream . no on stops to help . she catches glimpses of the yellow sky as a river of hands , legs , and feet pours over her . she sees angry faces as they pass over her . some catch her eyes . most do nt . in time , she does nt see anything at all .the day i got the nose ring the atmosphere of the whole city was unsettled . everything was depressed  me , the news , the sky . i wanted to shake it up , to shake it all off , these past weeks of rain . it took me most of the afternoon to walk across hoboken , no buses or taxis were allowed on the roads , and the recoding played over the loudspeakers told me that even i had to be off of them by seven o  clock . it was barely two miles straight through the city , but taking the passable streets , marked out with green circles painted on retaining walls and buildings , lead one on a longer , zigzagging path . when i fell , it was inevitable  i took in a generous mouthful of puddle water . its bouquet was heady and sweat , similar to acetone , but it burned going down , coating my throat with a soapy film . i could only take shallow breathes after that , and bubbles crept up my throat to burst against my eyes with each one . i arrived , finally , completely filthy . the foundation of the tattoo parlor was ringed in a dry crust of motor oil  the water in this part of town had receded . or , maybe it would return after low tide . the familiar protocols of the shop didn  t calm the itch that drove me there . if anything , my restlessness grew while i was inside . i harbored hope of relief being dose dependent and asked for a second piercing , dropping a few more bills on the counter . my skin jerked out of the piercer  s deft hands to twitch against the bones of my face . we escaped the needle , running down red marked roads , the smell of acetone growing stronger and more pleasant . we were so high , so free for a while . when i became selfaware again , i regretted that i never got the lip ring i paid for . everything else , this body , i had to accept . satsu no inu ga ... ?   newline newline the chinpira yelling into the phone about some police dog was yamashita mochizuke , aka yanmo . everyone else was quiet . okashira , the boss , the kyodai , which are the brothers , including aniki , big brother and the shatei . that was us . the runts , the new comers , although as far as runts go , i was in a very favorable possible . they d said i was next in line for aniki , if the aniki became wakagashira , young boss . newline newline as far as lowlive chinpira go , yanmo was one of the puny one . he d been sucking up to aniki for over a year , lighting his cigarets and threatening anyone who did nt talk to him proper . he thought he was earning his place . i heard aniki talk about pinning bad deals on him if they went south , more than once . even suggested we approach him if that happened . he was a sad excuse of a yakuza . it d take next to nothing to break him . newline newline  doko ni irunda to , oi ? !   newline newline someone blabbed . could have been one of our own . just like i got into their clan , their had their own men inside our ranks . i kept my cool . there was nothing in my backstory that was nt true . there was no file with my birth name in it within the department . i was nt even real police . nowhere did it say i was . we d up and done this deal in the purest yakuza style , me and the captain . he was eta , which the good society people call buraku  an untouchable , like me . that s why i trusted him , why i accepted the deal . that s also how i found my way into the yamaguchi clan so easily . most of us are considered dirty from birth , stained for ten generations because our ancestors defiled our bloodline by handling dead meat , and burrying corpses . newline newline i was a highschooler once . a good student , too . my teachers , they liked me , because i worked hard , and kept my ears wide open . but then , they heard , and the  attaboys  stopped coming , and they said  forget about university , go find a job at some gas station or something  . i became angry . i became violent . that s when the captain found me .  there s another way ,  he said ,  you can do a lot of good , for our people and for this country he said . and i believed him . it made me feel good . like a superhero , with a secret identity . even when i held my gun to some rival chinpira s mouth , or kicked some clubowners face in , even when i ripped bills from the hands of crying gamblers , i kept feeling good . newline newline they can kill me , for all i care . i ve already given the captain everything he needs . newline newline yanmo turned around around and bowed his head up and down towards the okashira . newline newline  boss , sir . it s brother okko . he says he s heard that there s a police dog in the room right now .  newline newline i did nt look sideways . i was nt not scared . neither did most of the other shatei , because they did nt feel guilty . but then , there was kanda . buff kid , only joined a little over a month ago . aspiring boxer , or failed one , that was nt clear . did nt even have any ink on him yet . he was sweating like a rat in a wool sock . newline newline nani yattenda , kono doaho . what the hell is this idiot doing , that wass the first thing that went through my head . i was nt the only one who saw it . so did the okashira . and the kyodai . even most of the shatei did . all the glances slided to him now , and this dumbass started to shake . newline newline i m doing good ,  i told myself . newline newline  kanda ,  the okashira called , in a calm voice . newline newline  y ... yes boss .  newline newline he took out a cigaret , which yanmo rushed in to light up . one whiff , then he asked : newline newline  are you cold , boy ?  newline newline  n ... no sir .  newline newline  ooh ...  the okashira moaned as he breathed in the smoke .  then why do you shake so much ?  newline newline the boy looked to his left , then to his right . that s when he saw a gun on his right temple . newline newline kono aho . that idiot . newline newline  yare ,  the boss said , and the shot went off . a couple of the shatei jumped back into their seats as the kid s head recoiled and crashed into the brown sofa . blood spattered . brain bits flew into the air . i got some on my face , but i did nt move . newline newline for our people . for our country .  newline newline the okashira took another whiff . newline newline  rabid dogs ,  he whispered in a low , hoarse voice ,  ought to be put down right away .  newline newline not even an eyebrow . not a single muscle on my face . the okashira sighed , and i let out a tick . newline newline  kono inu me , noumiso made hiromariyagatte ...   that idiot , even his brains , he d spreading around . in the corner of my vision , i could see aniki smilling . the okashira chuckled . newline newline  tochi ,  he said ,  always making me laugh .  newline newline i grinned and bowed . i m doing good ,   i tried to tell myself one last time , but from the bit of my tongue to the last of my gut , i felt the burn of acid and the bitterness of dirty blood pour into me . newline newline it did nt matter how much good i did anymore . the biggest part of me was already dead .part 1 newline newline  welcome to zert tech , are you scheduled to meet with one of our counselors ?  the friendly secretary waited for his attention .  oh , umm , i m sorry i m actually here for one of the experiments .   no worries ! let s get you checked in . what is your patient number ?  the young man reach down into his pockets , and pulled out a crumpled piece of paper . he carefully uncrumpled it , and read the number out loud .  1 ... 048 ... 602 .  the secretary typed the numbers into her computer . she took a second glance at the computer screen , and stood up from her chair . her voice changed and was noninviting ,  you ll need to follow me .  newline newline the young man walked through hallways as he was passed along from secretary to nurse , and from nurse to doctor . the doctor inspected the young man , and interrogated him about his mental health . he preformed various thought experiments . without knowing whether he was passing or failing each one , the young man started to become nervous . he needed this money to keep up his career . newline newline the young man s name was karl . karl welm was an aspiring poet , who was disowned by his family for not pursuing computer engineering . now he stands here in some type of disturbing fate , facing the future he tried to part ways with . unbeknownst to him , he had signed up to become the first human trial of a controversial experimental to cure alzheimers . behind a dark mirror , stood scientists and doctors watching karl go through series of tests .  he s doing quite well . i think we have a candidate .  said one of the doctors . in the back of the room one scientist whispered to the other ,  what we re doing here is nt right .  the other replied ,  so what , he is only one person . this cure might affect millions .  newline newline karl was transported to another room where 3 scientist introduced themselves .  nice to meet you karl , my name is manuel . this is sarah , and tracy . we re going to be observing your brain today in order to understand a little bit more about how it works .  tracy cut him off ,  there s no need to worry .  she put her hand on a table with a surgical drill and other menacing medical devices .  we ll be putting you to sleep before we attach our machine to your brain .  newline newline karl was trembling , and speechless he looked around to see the room surrounded by the same dark glass . he now understood he was being watch by someone or something . they were behind that glass , and if he were to die there would be no one to help . the scientists noticed he was panicking .  it s okay , you ll be fine . simply put , we re going to monitor and copy everything your brain and put in that computer over there .  the scientist pointed to a large machine in the corner of the room .  by the time you ll wake up , we will be done with the procedure and you can go on with the rest of your night . the doctors will prescribe pain medication for any discomfort after the surgery .  a door opened and two doctors came out and prepared karl to be put asleep . they pierced his arm with a sharp needle . within seconds karl began to fall asleep . newline newline karl awoke quite surprised that he was alive . after being cleaned up and prescribed medicine by the doctors , he left the building . he said goodbye to the secretary as he walked out the main lobby . she just stared at him without saying goodbye . karl left that building to later that night have dinner with his girlfriend . he proposed to her that night and she accepted . the left the restaurant to their apartment where they fell asleep . together they slept in and watched movies together like they did every other sunday . newline newline back at zert , scientist stood around a computer watching and interpreting strings of code flooding the screen . one scientist said ,  this is unbelievable .  they were watching karl live his life after the experiment or so the scientist thought . a bearded scientist with grey hairs and crows feet walked up to the computer ,  what you are seeing is nt the karl that left to go live his life , but a different karl .  the scientist were able to decrypt the code and started a live feed to show what karl was experiencing . the restarted the computer thus beginning the experiment of the century . newline newline karl awoke from the surgery to find that everything was dark . was he blind ? what happened ?  what did you do !  the words found their way to a black screen . the scientist looked at each other as if silently voting whether to respond . karl s mind was racing . the fear overwhelmed his mind , convinced that he was blind he attempted to get out of the bed . he tried to moving his arm but it would nt move . he tried and tried but was unable to move . he screamed and realized that he could nt hear . he knew what he was trying to say but the sound itself did nt exist . newline newline newline after what seemed like years of isolation and insanity a voice responded his prayers .  karl , are you with us ?  before he could formally reply they interrupted his thought .  good . i know that what you are experiencing may seem disturbing but know that you are in a safe place . karl , in order to study your mind we had to duplicate it and now simulate it from a computer . there is a karl out there who is living out his life in ignorance of what is happening here , and who believes that he was never harmed nor altered in any way . as for you , your fate is not as fortunate .  newline newline  i m pushing the boundaries of the prompt , but hope i m still following it . more will be divulged in part 2 . newlinesomewhere down the dimly lit hall , a blue aura of smoke pulsated red as an emergency light danced about . the claxon resonating through my skull as i fumbled from my chair , attempting to clamor for my weapon and armor . another explosion rocked the ship as an overhead voice announced battle stations . from my porthole , fighters launched away and into the black void of space . pulling my helmet tight , activating my hud , brass checking my weapon , i fell as the ship began to list heavily to starboard in a haste . not quite fast enough , close enough to my cabin , a thunderous boom and fire lit . slowly , i began to slide out my hatch and down the gangway . my weapon flying from my hands as i clawed through my gloves for leverage . dreaded weightlessness lifted me from the floor momentarily before being slammed back down . emergency hatches were sealing near the explosion site , causing the artificial gravity to reactivate . fuck this , time to leave . trying to stand , my hud cracked as mission orders began to read in the corner , tossing my helmet , i made for the escape pods . jumping over littered corpses and debris in the hall , again my feet became light . unable to stand as my body slowly floated , my hands unable to find a grasp to propel myself . latching on to a nearby lifeless body , i was able to launch my self forward , again slamming down . on my face this time , as i felt the blood to begin to flow . anger and lack of progress enraged me as i bellowed out , stumbling through debris . ahead , a hatch jammed open , unable to close as smoke and sparks emitted from the gears . sliding under and into the hangar , just in time to find a pod . yet another wave and reverberation of explosions jumbled me about as i climbed in . closing the pod door , i hit the emergency eject before strapping down . flung like a rock , my body crashed onto the steel wall as i fired into space . but the steel behemoth was nt quite done with me yet ... just on time , as usual joe .  newline newline  i know boss , got ta keep the customers happy .  i said , pulling my jacket off . newline newline  ah , here s our first table now ,  tj mentioned as he handed me two empty glasses . i took the cups and lifted one to acknowledge him as i approached the couple who sat at a table near the door . newline newline  hey guys , welcome to taps , where we have any drink you crave on tap .   i looked from male to female ,  have we been here before ?  they both shook their heads in response  a grin slowly grew over my face , it was always fun to see people in for their first time .  well what can i get you guys to drink ?  newline newline the woman spoke up first ,  do you guys seriously have everything on tap ?  she asked . i nodded .  i ll have a diet yoohoo , then .  newline newline  yoohoo lite , coming right up ,  i lifted the glass to my chin and opened my mouth .  blargh ,  the yoohoo lite shot out of my mouth filling the glass quickly and leaving just a slight bit of froth .  for you sir ?  i asked as i sat the glass down for the lady . newline newline he stared in disbelief for a second then responded with ,  nothing , i m good . not thirsty , no thanks .  shit !  ethan yelled , then stopped , dropped , and finally rolled around on the floor . the strange thing was , afterwards he felt like he was never actually on fire in the first place . he checked his body parts , and there were no burn marks anywhere . his clothes remained intact , without a single charred piece of cloth . feeling his brow , he saw that he still had hair and eyebrows . was he really on fire before ? newline newline you re still on fire !  newline newline  shit !  ethan yelled , then paused , this time not dropping . there was something fishy going on here . newline newline  wait a second . no i m not . i am not on fire . no part of me is on fire . why are you saying that i m on fire ?  ethan queried . newline newline because you re on fire !  newline newline  shit ! the characters are from another story that i am writing . but this prompt was too good to pass up . newline newline newline ada bit her bottom lip as another wave of pain hit her . she gripped the edge of the bathroom sink with one hand , her hand over the other . newline newline  baby , please just wait another hour , then we can go to the hospital ,  she pleaded . newline newline the pain ceased . then it hit again . this time , it was worse than the last . ada could nt help but let out a loud scream . something wet trickled down her legs . newline newline  oh god , please do nt let this be happening ,  ada muttered . newline newline there was a knock at the door . newline newline  hey , ada , the doctor who 70th anniversary special is starting , you coming out or not ,  nori shouted . newline newline  i do nt think i can ,  ada said ,  nor , do you have anything to clean up this mess ?  newline newline ada opened the door . as soon as nori saw her cousininlaw s pained expression , coupled with her wet jeans , she opened her mouth and screamed ,  everyone ! ada s having the baby !  newline newline footsteps rushed up the stairs to the second floor . nori helped ada to the ground as their friends crowded around her . newline newline  what the ... we are nt due for another month ,  herman , ada s husband , shouted . he was the first to reach his wife . he grabbed her hand and held it . newline newline  shit , and doctor who is starting ,  skeezer , nori s husband , said , standing by the stairwell . newline newline  fuck doctor who , we need to get her to a real doctor ,  their friend sedna said . she reached into her coat pocket and fished for her car keys .  herman , bring her to the car.  newline newline  hey , do nt take the doctor s name in vain ,  herman yelled , still holding ada s hand and coaching her as another contraction hit . newline newline  i m not riding with sedna ,  ada screamed ,  she drives like a maniac.  newline newline  you want to have the baby in the hospital or not ,  sedna shouted . newline newline  look , we do nt need to go to the hospital ,  nori said ,  i m a practicing midwife . i can just deliver the baby here.  newline newline  nori , i love you ,  herman added ,  you re the best cousin a guy can have . but the baby is already premature . if something happens to it , we need a doctor . sorry , but face it , you ve never handled premature births before.  newline newline before nori could protest , sedna cut her off .  here s the plan ,  she said ,  herman and ada , we re going to the hospital . no ifs , ands , or buts about it . nori , you re coming with use . ada s gon na need a coach . skeezer , you stay here and tivo doctor who . we can get to the hospital in five minutes , tops , if i m driving.  newline newline  but whose car are we taking ,  nori asked ,  we only have two cars . and herman and ada s is still in the shop.  newline newline  not skeezer s ,  ada protested ,  i think he smokes weed in there.  newline newline  well excuse me if nori wo nt let me smoke in the house ,  skeezer shouted from the living room . newline newline  let s just use your range rover ,  herman said to nori ,  it s big enough to hold all of us . i ll pay for the cleaning costs.  newline newline  alright , then ,  sedna said , clapping her hands together ,  let s roll.  newline johnny ?  newline newline  dad ?  newline newline  i see you have been looking on the internet for naked women . i think it s time we had the talk .  his son was 11 , old enough to learn about sex . newline newline  what talk ? ?  johnny began to blush . he was caught and did nt understand what they were going to talk about . newline newline  it s time we talked about what happens when two people love each other very much and they decide it s time to call the stork ... a woman and a man become like peanut butter and jelly .  the father knew this was going to be hard . newline newline  what do you mean dad ?  he loved peanut butter and jelly . it was his favorite sandwich . newline newline  uh ... well . you know how a man has a race car in his pants ?  newline newline  ya ! my race car is small . yours is big !  he saw it in the shower . newline newline  aherm ! well that vehicle will eventually find a garage .  his son clearly did nt understand . the father continued to try and explain .  as a man it is your job to eventually park your car in a clean garage , not some filthy parking lot . this also means you need to regularly wash your motorcycle so you do nt dirty up your engine .  newline newline the son was getting annoyed . he had no idea what his father was talking about . his motorcycle did nt want to go into any garages , it was fine where it was . newline newline  son , do you know about the bird and the bees ? did nt they teach you at school ?  newline newline  ya , they taught us about different types of bird and bees . what does this have to do with my motorcycle ?  as the son finished the sentence , the mother and the sister walked in . newline newline  i overheard a bit of the green eggs and ham discussion . i will take it from here mister !  the mother was clearly ready for this conversation . she pulled up a chair next to johnny .  see , that little squirt gun in your pants will one day be a rifle . you need to make sure that you are properly cleaning and testing your weapon so that you do nt hurt anyone . furthermore , you ca nt just walk around with your toy waving around in people s faces . you will need a protective sleeve that will prevent the gun from going off and calling the stork .  newline newline the dad comes back into the conversation ,  look , it s like this . you have a sea cucumber while girls have sea shells . the sea cucumber will go back and forth in the sea shell until it shoots out it s white intestines . however , you have to make sure that the intestines do nt go inside the seashell , unless you want the stork to come . instead you want to cover the sea cucumber in a plastic bag .  johnny was very confused but he did nt want to admit it . newline newline  so ?  his mother asked .  do you understand now ?  johnny nodded his head and put on his best smile . newline newline  now get off the computer and stop looking for ...  he glanced at his wife and decided not to embarrass johnny ,  naked mole rats . i have a book for you to read in the study .  his parents left the room happy with themselves , assuming they had gotten the point across . newline newline newline newline newline then his sister approached , who was 13 . she got up really close to him and whispered in his ear ,  if you try and put your crotch rocket in any of my friend s garages , i will rip off it s wheels .  newline newline newline title : just enough newline newline i hid the receipt in my pocket the moment i read it . newline newline  you finished ?  said the impatient girl waiting behind me . newline newline i flinched then nodded my head  yeah.  she smiled like i was being kind of awkward as she swiped her card . newline newline  fuck me what now ,  i whispered under my breath . i covered the receipt with my hand and read it again .  why the hell would i need seventy million dollars.  newline the atm never failed . most days were normal . simple expenditures , simple days . gas , toll , parking , lunch , dinner , the occasional speeding ticket . rarely close to a hundred . the atm gave me all i needed for that day . no more , no less . newline newline but some days , i wondered what kind of curse i was under . newline newline  don  t do anything stupid elliot ,  they whispered . with their guy fawkes masks . from the shadows of alleys , from closets , from anywhere . they were watching . appearing and disappearing . always with a cryptic message .  pull your money . survive . don  t get caught . we  ll need you here before the end.  newline newline i wanted to believe they weren  t real . i wanted to believe i was crazy . newline newline i got breakfast at a food cart , jaywalked past the traffic , headed back to my apartment . i tried to be happy . maybe nothing bad would happen . maybe this was some final gift , and it would end right here . instant millions . no way in hell was i going to work today . newline newline then i heard the violent explosion . screams abounded . newline newline  shit ,  i shouted . i couldn  t believe my eyes . my sofa was flying across the sky , along with all the rest of my everything . i put my hands in my hair . newline newline everybody ran to the building to see . you know how people are drawn to chaos . there was flaming debris all around . i shut my eyes . i didn  t want to see those masks again . not again . newline newline then i heard a psssssssssst newline newline  don  t ,  i whispered to myself . i shook my head .  don  t open your eyes.  newline newline pssssssssssssst newline newline  oh god ,  i whispered . i shed bitter tears .  oh god.  newline newline i felt a firm hand on my shoulder . i flailed as i turned around . nobody beside me . but there they were . newline newline masks in the alley . newline newline all of them were rubbing pieces of paper in their hands , and giving me a thumbs up . and pointing at my hands , like i should do the same . i looked down at my shaking hand , and the receipt within it . i rubbed at the paper . newline newline a secret message appeared . newline newline  you  re going to feel a slight prick.  newline newline and i suddenly felt a needle enter my skin . newline newline  newline newline i woke up hard of breath and in a panic in a dimly lit basement . newline newline  hey , hey ,  said a middle aged man beside me . he was wearing a lab coat , and a mask .  sit still , sit steady.  newline newline  fuck they almost got him today ,  said another masked man . newline newline  wha ,  i dry heaved beside me . newline newline  allergy to the anesthetic ,  said the masked scientist . he shook his head .  he  ll be fine , he  ll live . fuck me they really almost got him today.  newline newline  what i  i weazed then dry heaved again .  what is this.  newline newline a masked girl beside me shoved a piece of paper into my hand and made me clench my fist around it . newline newline  when you come to we  ll be long gone ,  she whispered . she had a sweet voice .  you  re a long way from home , you  re in detroit now . go to this address . give the man you meet there this faded coin , and tell him you need to disappear . tell him no more . his price is kind of hefty , and you  re going to be on the run for a very long time.  the scientist injected me once more . i fought the loss of consciousness . she gripped my hand harder .  you have to trust us . you have to live.  newline newline they wiped the room of their prints and panicked around me . i faded out as i heard them speak . newline newline  we need to get his blood to them . if he dies it  ll be a true pandemic  newline newline edit : whoa i just woke up and i can  t begin to describe how thankful i am people are enjoying this . i  m currently in the process of querying agents for a book and it  s been a patiencetrying process waiting for responses from people reading fulls so to have any positive feedback on my writing is very much appreciated . i  ve always loved this writing community it  s what drew me to reddit in the first place . i blog at oscarrelentos.com if you  re interested , thanks for the support you guys i m sorry , come again ?  lucifer asked . newline newline  we re putting you on trial .  general dawson replied .  you ve been torturing and humiliating trillions of human souls over the course of countless lifetimes . and we re going to make you pay .  newline newline  me ? i just got out of my incarceration . and now you want to put me up for crimes i did nt commit ?  lucifer sent a mighty fist into the ground . spiderweb cracks appeared all around the concrete . newline newline  lucifer , we have evidence . testimonies from the tormented , your own minions , and direct evidence from the bible itself  newline newline  do nt you fucking dare say you have evidence .   lucifer s tail whipped back and forth menacingly .  my goons ? nothing but soulless automatons , not even mine to command . the tormented ? led astray . and the bible ?   lucifer let out a short bark of laughter .  i would not take it at its word !  newline newline  save your testimony for the trial . we re taking you in .  general dawson motioned to her troops to cuff lucifer . newline newline  no . i do nt think you will .  lucifer clenched his fists . newline newline general dawson smirked .  and what will you do to stop us ? we have the technology . you ca nt possibly escape .  newline newline  i will not go to this trial . i will not go anywhere . i have been imprisoned and desecrated in the first circle of hell for longer than any of you can care to imagine .  lucifer raised his gaze .  i am the tormented . i screamed in the depths . i am the first denizen of hell !   newline newline flames burst out from around lucifer . his voice was a whisper in the crackles of flames .  and let me tell you this , miss jenine dawson .  lucifer looked her in the eyes . his were black , cracked , and despairing .  i . am not . going . back .  newline newline lucifer was engulfed by his flames . they ate away at his flesh . muscle and fat fell from his skeleton . he stood grim . his skull seemed to smile , and his jaw swung open .  you wish to have a trial ? go find the one who made me . go find yahweh , and tell him his scapegoat will see him in the next life .  newline newline the tormentor crumbled . she s the most beautiful women in the world ,  the man sitting next to me in the tavern s bar leaned close and whispered when he caught me looking at her across the room .  the men here would do anything to get close to her .  newline newline i did nt see it . from what i could see she was nt anything special . not ugly by any means , but not someone who would turn heads walking down the street . when i glanced the man s eyes , something a trader is apt to do when dealing , there was no hint of sarcasm or dishonesty . this man truly believed she was the most beautiful woman alive . it did nt help that there were several men fawning over this woman , smiling incessantly , laughing at every little joke , and never taking their eyes off her . as if they could nt be happier just because they were in here presence . newline newline maybe standards were a bit lower out in this little podunk village in the middle of nowhere . i ve heard all sorts of talk from the villagers about how their town had the most beautiful women around , but that s usually because the women were in earshot of their husbands or they just liked to brag . newline newline this woman was nt anything special , though . shaggy , dirty brown hair which rested on her shoulders , dark bags under her eyes , and looked as if she d snap in half if the wind came through a bit strong . the barmaid was more beautiful by far , but it was as if all the men could nt even see her . i doubt she minds , it s probably a nice change not being groped and catcalled at all night . newline newline oh well , it s not my problem and i d rather not cause any problems as i might have to make my way through this town on the way back , so i just turn and smile at the man on my left , it was nt till i started turning back that i noticed it . on the man s neck were two scars , faint from time but still noticeable . a wave of panic washed over me and i quickly turned back to my drink to calm myself . i could nt make it obvious that i saw . newline newline  another drink , trader ?  a deep voice interrupted my thoughts , nearly causing me to jump out of my seat . newline newline i looked up and saw the barkeep gesturing towards my now empty cup . quickly , i put on a calm face and looked up to him ,  nah , i think this ll be all for me .  a quick glance at his neck made it difficult to stay calm , he had them too .  got ta leave early in the morning and all .  it seemed like an eternity for him to respond , as i struggled to keep eye contact with him and not make a break for the door . thankfully he just nodded and went to tend to another patron at the bar . newline newline afraid to even glance at the woman who had likely infected the minds of most , if not all , of the men of this town , i got up slowly and patted the shoulder of the man by my side .  i m off , friend . was nice chatting with ya ,  i said , trying my hardest not to let the panic reach my voice . the walk to the door seemed far longer than it had when i walked to the bar . after every step i expected someone to reach out and stop me . newline newline after what seemed like an eternity , i reached the door and made it outside . as soon as the door shut out the sound from the bar , i let out a deep sigh of relief . i was nt out of the woods yet , though . i rushed to the inn to gather my goods and get out of town before anything else could happen . as much as i wanted to burst through the door to the inn and barrel up the stairs to my room , i realized anyone here could be infected by her and i had to be careful , so i slowed to what i hoped looked like a calm walk and casually entered the inn . thankfully the main room was empty save for the innkeep and i made it upstairs and to my room without any problems . newline newline suddenly my arms and legs were so heavy . must be my body finally crashing from all that excitement . i did have a long day on the road . glancing over i saw the most comfortable bed i had ever laid eyes on . you know , i could be mistaken . those were nt necessarily scars , i mean the bugs are pretty bad out here this time of year . plus maybe that woman was just really wealthy and all the farmers were just trying to win her over . newline newline pushing off the wall towards the bed , time seemed to slow . there s no reason to rush out , the ale here must have been stronger than i m used to , making me think crazy thoughts like that . i fell towards the bed , expecting the instant relief that accompanies hitting the bed after a long day , but it felt like several minutes went by before my body finally hit the bed . newline newline nothing to worry about at all . the road will be there tomorrow ... newline newline             newline newline chirping birds and cawing roosters . why is that always the first thing i notice after waking up . i swear they are the most annoying sounds in the world before the sun hits it s peak . reluctantly i rolled over and opened my eyes . instantly i regretted it . pain shot through my head as if someone just struck me with a hammer .  ugh ...  i must have drank more than i thought . newline newline slowly i made my way out of bed , stretching my arms , legs , back , and neck to prepare for the long day of riding that i was going to have to do . especially stretching my neck . it felt so stiff , as if i had slept on bricks . i swear the bed was far more comfortable last night . newline newline cursing myself for losing control last night and drinking myself silly , i gathered my own stuff as well as the goods i was needed to trade in the next town over . after gathering everything , i made my way down the steps , pain from my head shooting through my body with each step . when i reached the bottom step i looked over the main room and i saw her . i do nt know what it was about her but i knew i would do anything for her . newline newline she s the most beautiful woman in the world .sarah loves baseball  that s what attracted me to her first . we live in chicago , both of us all our lives , so there was always a game to go see . i was a cubs fan , and she was a sox fan , but aside from a bit of light teasing , we respected each others  choices in teams . she was kind enough not to point out her team winning the world series when my own team had nt won in over a century , but still had a champions pennant in her hope chest . that s the kind of woman she was , and i loved her for it . newline newline we d met in a sports bar one night when the cubs and sox finally drew each other in interleague play . tickets had sold out almost instantly , and we d both come to wrigley field for the friday night game to buy from a scalper . it had nt panned out for either of us , nor for a lot of other fans , judging by how crowded it was . i d found a small table in the corner , and i noticed her standing nearby , shouting at one of the televisions . i offered her a place to sit , bought her a few drinks , and the rest was history  also , the cubs won , 53 !  . we ended up talking for hours past the end of the game , and when the bar closed , we had dinner and some great sex . newline newline three years and hundreds of games later , i proposed in the only way i could : through the jumbotron at us cellular field . she said yes  she later admitted she knew what i had planned  , and the sox thumped the royals 112 . we planned a wedding for the allstar break , with a honeymoon in five different cities on the west coast to catch a few games and see different stadiums . but , first things first , we realized that our respective parents had nt even met yet . newline newline my own parents were divorced , but still on friendly terms . hers were firstgeneration immigrants from portugal , and there had been some friction at first since they were nt expecting her first serious boyfriend to be africanamerican , but that passed as we got to know each other . we d each learned our love for the game from our parents  hers had picked it up as a means for integrating into a new culture , and mine had hoped that baseball would be a way for a young black kid from a bad neighborhood to succeed  they eventually accepted that harvard law school was a close second  . we d grown up going to games , and even though she was hesitant at first , eventually she grew to love the game as well . so naturally , we scheduled our meeting at a soxblue jays game , followed by dinner at a nice italian restaurant afterwards . newline newline everything went swimmingly  my parents and hers got along like a house on fire , talking about their respective pasts and what they did for a living , how much they loved living in chicago , and  of course  baseball . in the seventh inning , i excused myself to use the restroom . the game was nt exactly a sellout , so we had some good seats along the first base side . as i returned , one of the players from the jays hit a popup foul . i paused on the stairs  unbelievably , it was headed right towards me . i stopped for a moment , and watched as the ball fell right into my waiting hands . i bobbled it for a second but managed to pull it in without dropping it . then i calmly headed to my seat . everyone had seen me catch it , and as my family and future family congratulated me on my luck , i handed the ball to sarah with a kiss . it was nt the first foul i d caught in my life , so i thought nothing of it .  the sox won in the tenth inning , 65  . newline newline dinner was outstanding  not only was the food fantastic , but our new family was having the time of their lives . drinks were had , stories were shared , and even a few recipes were swapped . my parents made plans to visit hers later in the month , and more game days were planned out . it was just as we d all decided to see the cubs play the cardinals that sarah s father made an offhand comment . newline newline  maybe this time you ll catch a foul ball ,  he said to sarah .  third time is the charm , right ?  she and her parents laughed uproariously . newline newline  this is nt the first time someone s given me a foul ball ,  she explained once she d composed herself .  when i was a kid , a young boy gave me a foul ball he d caught .  we had a good chuckle , but my father and i exchanged a quick glance . newline newline  what game was this ?  he asked . newline newline  well , i was going into fourth grade at the time , so ... 1990 , i think . dad ,  she asked , turning to him ,  do you remember who was playing ?  newline newline  i do  it was the cubs and the mets , august 1990 . the first game you and i had gone to .  my father and i stared at each other . surely not ... . newline newline i remember that game well  it was the first game my father and i had gone to since the divorce . there had been a lot of tension in the family at the time , i was nt seeing my father as often as i d wanted , and my mother had thought that this would give us some quality time together . we d scored some cheap seats near the right field foul pole , and were generally having a good time . hot dogs and coke , a little too much sun , and a tight game with the mets . in the ninth inning , as the mets tried to rally , one of their players had knocked one right in our direction . the entire stadium held its collective breath  if it was nt foul , the goahead runner was on second . we watched as it arced right towards the pole ... and narrowly went foul . the crowd cheered as it dinged off the foul side of the pole , but i froze . the ball was coming right towards us . a young girl a few seats ahead of me leapt up to catch it , but it bounced out of her glove . i stretched out my arm , narrowly pulling it in as a multitude of arms around me attempted the same thing . newline newline my father hugged me tightly , congratulating me on my first foul ball catch . i held it in my hands tightly  there was a yellow scuff along the seam where it had hit the pole . everyone around me was clapping and asking me what i was going to do with it , but i looked at the young girl who d lost the catch . she was upset about it , and was sitting quietly , staring at her glove . she d come prepared for just this , and had nt managed to catch a oneinamillion opportunity . so , even though i felt as if i d won the world series personally , i knew what i had to do . so i stood up , took a deep breath , and headed down to where she sat . i held the ball out and said ,  you can have this .  she smiled and said thank you , her father shook my hand and thanked me . my father said ,  i m proud of you  when i sat back down .  the cubs won 21 .  newline newline my father and i did nt say anything about it during the dinner , but we could tell what the other was thinking . her father chimed in . newline newline  when she was young , she did not really like baseball , so i took her to a game to try and encourage her . she almost caught a foul ball , but the nice boy who caught it gave it back to her . ever since then , she has been a big fan . that boy helped her to love the game , i think .  newline newline i volunteered to take sarah and her parents back to their place , just to sate my curiosity . as we settled in , i asked sarah about the first foul ball . newline newline  oh , my parents still have it ,  she mentioned .  it s in their bedroom closet still , i think .  she stood up and headed upstairs , coming down a moment later . she put it in my hands , the familiar yellow scuff staring back at me once again .steve never believed in it but i knew it was real . it gave me nightmares threatened anyone close to me but frankly it was still nicer than my roommate steve . i d tried everything to get rid of steve but nothing ever worked if anything it made him more attached to my apartment . one night , after steve somehow caused a fire making a hot pocket , when it came out to mess with me i just stared at the ceiling . i told it i d had a long day and did nt wana deal with this shit . did nt stop it , it still tried but got no reaction . then it mentioned how sad i was for not being to deal with this asshat . that was the last straw . then and there i formed a plan , i left town for the weekend to visit family . rather than ask my girlfriend to help keep steve under control , i left steve in charge . i came back 3 days later to find things exactly how i expected . doors missing , few broken windows , we got a goldfish , and somehow my bed got stolen . that night in my sleeping bag i rolled over to see it in the closet . i gave it a smile and said welcome to my world . we then and there to get rid of this asshat once and for all . first it was small stuff sending it into his room to try and torment him , he tried to burn it . we tried to hide his drugs , so he just stockpiled twice as many buying them with my money . as we grew more desperate we tried things like physically holding his bedroom door shut to try and convince him the house really was haunted , all that did was give me a fear of exorcists . so at long last both it and me approached steve and asked what it take to get him to leave our place .  wait our place you mean this thing lives here too ? how long has it been here ?  steve said .  it was already here when i moved in .  i replied wondering where this was going .  will shit , our lease says only two occupants so i guess i got ta go . it s been nice living here and i hope we can stay in touch . i ll go pack my things .  steve said before calmly walking back to his room . not long after steve left so did it . said it did nt wana deal with humans ever again .the edge . newline newline the place we call the line of sol . it goes around the globe yet it only houses 500,000 souls . on one side we have the lumians ... and on the other we have solarchs . each have evolved over centuries to live on their side of the planet and yet , they constantly fight . the solarchs believe that their god , nerast the god of warmth , demands that they heat the entire planet . they support this theory through the solar eclipses . while the lumians believe that their goddess , feiris the moon goddess , asks them to snuff out the sun . they support this theory with lunar eclipses . newline newline living between them is a sort of serene hell ... it is the best place on earth for farming , the only place water can survive on the surface , hell it actually falls from the sky here ! then again so do the mortars ... almost every day as a matter of fact . they are constantly using us as the battle ground ... for it is the only place where they can both survive . once they cross the edge they die within a matter of minutes . newline newline a pointless war with pointless casualties ... newline newline  which is why i say we take up arms and defend ourselves !  my friend mitzi says towards the edge council . the council have always tried to remain neutral ... with very little thanks from either side . the fighting has never stopped . they may have had cease fires , but never peace , not until this world is unified ... but is that even possible ? is it too much to ask ? or is this the ravings of some mad man about to be executed for treason ? newline newline only one way to find out . newline newline i wait for the council to deliberate ... but i know what is going to happen . they will wave it off as if it were the most foolish idea one has ever heard , then they will die . newline newline  newline newline five and a half hours earlier .  newline newline  mitzi listen to me !  i shout . newline newline  why should i ? what you are suggesting is that we take it upon ourselves to unify the world through more violence !  her voice is barely over a whisper as she chokes back tears .  i m done with the violence gerith .  she pauses  done .  newline newline  it s only temporary violence ... the people of the edge are the only ones capable of going on both sides . we are the only ones able to win this .  i say placing my hand on her shoulder newline newline she brushes it off with a frown  just ... let me talk to the council . if they help us we actually stand a chance !  newline newline  fine ... but when the do nt ... i m taking matters into my own hands .  she frowns as i say this , because she knows what i ll do when the do nt .prequel for http : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments2uw086wplovesickamanscrollsthroughhisiphonescoc9465 newline newline while staring at the blinking red icon at the bottom of his computer screen , christian realized that his headphones were strangely silent at the moment . as he moused over the music player in his taskbar , he saw that the lengthy playlist he had queued up had actually reached the end almost twenty minutes ago , and he had been to engrossed with his work that he had forgotten about it . newline newline he leaned back for a stretch , simultaneously yawning as he pulled his arms towards the screen . he had no idea how long he d been programming for , but he definitely needed a break . the new error that popped up was probably as good a stopping point as any would be for him . he sat back upright , gently removing the large purple studio headphones that had been clamped around his head for the past few hours , and looked around the computer lab . if he was going to take a quick walk , he d have to make sure someone he knew was still in the lab to watch over his backpack . newline newline except there was nobody there . newline newline christian realized that not only was he the only person left in the computer lab , but that his monitor was the only remaining source of light . as he stood up and put his headphones down on the desk , the motion sensor in the lab ticked conspicuously , turning the lights on for the entirety of the room . blinding fluorescent lights revealed an unusually tall and lanky twenty year old college student , in the middle of rows upon rows of sleeping computers , covering his eyes at the sudden change in the lighting . his olive skin and nappy dark hair giving away his halffilipino descent , christian was almost impossible to miss in a crowd , and especially now , alone in the computer lab , he felt strangely out of place . newline newline looking up at the clock on the wall , he realized that he had gotten so engrossed in his work that he was still on campus at midnight , well past the time that most of the staff of the building had gone home . it was definitely way too late for him to stay in the lab , and seeing as how if he left to take a walk now he d get locked out , christian decided to pack up his belongings and head back to his dorm . quickly saving his work and throwing his usb drive and headphones in his backpack , he noticed a dim light glowing int he corner of the bag . newline newline reaching down to pull out the source of the light with his right hand , he simultaneously kept a hand on the keyboard to log off of the computer . pulling his phone up out of his backpack , he saw that he had received a text message some time ago while he was busy working on his programming assignment . hoping it was nt anything important , he put the phone in his pocket as he zipped up his backpack and bounded out the door with it , hoping he would nt disturb his roommate too much by getting back so late . newline newline as he walked across the campus courtyard towards the tall towers south of campus , he pulled his phone out of his pocket and tapped the messages icon on the bottom of his screen . listed in chronological order were the names of people he had been having conversations with , and at the top , in bold letters , was the name of the person with whom he had the most recent unread text conversation , containing the message he had received while working . newline newline astoria newline newline he read the name again , making sure he read it right . astoria was a girl he barely knew , having met her months ago when he had first moved into the dorms as the girl that was  not really girlfriend but sort of  to his roommate . they had exchanged numbers in case either of them ever needed to get a hold of his roommate when the other was nt available , but he definitely never expected a text from her now , considering how the two had broken things off almost ten months ago . newline newline tapping on the name , christian sighed as he read the two text messages that she had sent him . newline newline hey are you free to come over ?  newline newline let s have some tea . i ll put the kettle on , we need to talk .  newline newline christian paused at a crosswalk , looking across the street at the dorms . somewhere up on the eleventh floor , in a dorm room , his roommate was probably fast asleep , exnotreallygirlfriend far and away out of his mind . with finals week coming up , the last thing either of them needed was for something outside of their academic lives to take priority for them . newline newline as the light at the crosswalk turned green , christian looked back down at his phone and began strolling across . he scanned the texts for a timestamp , and saw in the bottom corner , bumping against the most recent message , a small set of text indicated the time at which the messages were sent . newline newline today , 6:45pm newline newline well ,  christian thought to himself , it would nt matter if i brought it up now anyway , it s way too late to respond to that .  newline newline as he thought this , he suddenly noticed the road behind his phone getting brighter . looking up , he saw a set of headlights barreling down the road towards him , speeding way too fast . he had seen them just in time to jump out of the way , landing with an unceremonious thud on the concrete of the sidewalk next to the road . newline newline getting up and nursing the shoulder that he had landed on , he looked around and locked his eyes onto the car that was speeding away . swerving between lanes , it was obvious that it was a drunk driver that had unintentionally almost missed him , and he had just gotten simultaneously unlucky and lucky . unlucky that he was almost hit by a drunk driver , lucky it was nt someone with malicious intent . newline newline he stared at the car as it turned down a side street and disappeared behind some buildings , heading towards the medical campus that was a separate campus , barely connected to the rest of the university . a generic , white , late 90 s honda civic , he secretly wished that it had been some rich asshole in his dad s ferrari or something more distinctive than the car that almost everybody on campus drove so that he could report it to the police . newline newline with the situation being as it was , though , he figured that whoever was going so fast would reach their destination soon , and anything he could do to report a generic car with a drunk driver in a college town would be a pointless endeavor . dusting himself off , christian noticed that his phone had fallen out of his hands when he had dived for the pavement , and had bounced off toward the entrance of the dorm . rushing over to check on it , he breathed a sigh of relief to see that it was fine , still displaying the same messages that he had just been reading . newline newline locking his phone and sliding it back into his pocket , christian walked up to the dorm , punched in his passkey to the keypad , and strode towards the elevators . returning his thought process back to the text messages , he made up his mind as he rode the elevator up to the eleventh floor . he would nt say anything about the messages until after finals week , and if he ever saw astoria he would pretend he never saw them . newline newline as christian tiptoed into his room , he could hear light breathing coming from the top bunk where his roommate resided . matt was a light sleeper , so whether or not he was actually asleep was up for anybody to guess , but just in case , christian felt it was better to act as if he were really asleep . newline newline gently resting his backpack next to his bed , christian removed his shoes and climbed into the bottom bunk , pulling his phone out of his pocket in a motion he repeated every time he went to bed , getting ready to plug it into the charger . in doing so , the phone unlocked and opened back up to the text message screen . christian tapped the messages to prepare to delete them , and stared at the screen for a while , hesitating . newline newline what if it was really important . like life and death ?  newline newline he shook his head and laid down , locking the phone and putting it on the nightstand next to his bed . anything that important would ve gotten him a phone call rather than a text message . newline newline right ?  newline newline he laid there for another hour , debating with himself about what he should do next . he was losing a lot of sleep over this , and had to make a decision sooner or later . eventually , he reached for his backpack . in times when he needed to relax and just make a clear decision , he found that his favorite racing game was always a good distraction for him . as he pulled his laptop out , he thought for a moment what would happen if he relayed astoria s message to matt , or if he responded to it in the morning . neither option presented likely positive consequences , but neither did ignoring the messages . newline newline as his laptop booted into the desktop screen , he glanced at the clock in the corner . newline newline 1:45 am newline newline well , either he would come to a decision soon , or he would hit gold on the final track . hopefully both would happen and he would get a chance to have an epiphany . newline newline he only played for 18 more minutes before a voice startled him from above . newline newline  hey man are you still trying to get gold on all those tracks ?  matt asked , his head poking down from the bunk above .i reside on a continent my forefathers conquered from the previous inhabitants . we forced them out through tact and strength of will . i have taken a fortification for myself now , using it as a shield against the rains and winds of the gods that came before . i end my false death to the sound of the shrieking banshee . my hunting companion that keeps the plagued creatures at bay rises with me , bearing its teeth in joy at my rebirth . newline newline i push through a cleansing routine , applying ceremonial sap before running the sharpened blades across my throat . my life is spared during the ceremony . i dress myself in the garments taken from slaves , garments forced together with little spears and thrust into the blood of plants . i awaken my mate , assuring her that i will return if i am able to do so before the sun is eaten by earth once more . newline newline i thrust my feet into the skin of a cow , gripping them close to my ankles for better traction during the day . the hunting companion follows me to the feeding room , growling for attention . i unfasten the dry concoction of meat and grain , letting it fall to the creature s feeding trough . while its attention is occupied , i thrust a grain brick into a box and flash fry my morning sustenance . the feast warms my body against the night s lasting chilled breath . newline newline as i leave , i set the electricity in my fortification to shriek and call the local guards should anyone enter without permission . i close the front gate and drop the mechanism of metal into place , a further precaution against marauders and bandits . my metal machine roars to life under my hands and feet , begging to be released , begging to run free . but i refuse . i have a long day ahead , and i will need its services to return to my fortifications . it will never be free , and neither shall i .hey ma , newline newline sorry i have nt written so long , but it s been crazy over here ! after we got back to england , they ve been canceling one jump over another ! just as soon as we pack our bags , we get the word that  redacted  overran the drop zone ! i swear , at this rate the krauts are gon na surrender before christmas ! i tell ya , it it ai nt one thing over here its another . newline newline i miss you , ma . i miss you , and pa , and sammy and sarah and danny and everyone else back home . i miss the farm and i miss just being there . i miss milking the cows before sunrise and i miss the smell of the pigpen . i miss sunday pot roast and i miss saturday night basketball games down at the y. i miss home , ma , and i miss not having to worry about all the stuff we do over here . do nt get me wrong , i m proud to be over here doing my part but ... but i wish it was all over already . newline newline i ll write later , ma . cpt . collins is having some briefing in a little bit . newline newline   newline newline dearest madam  newline newline my name is johan schmidt , i am the commander of the 321st ... well , i doubt it matters now . newline newline i am a deutchman , writing you this letter in a american camp . your son , william , was dropped into my area of operations outside of nijmegen , holland , 18 september . it is with a very heavy heart that i must inform you of the death of your son , on 19 september 1944 . newline newline i will not insult you by claiming that your son died a heroes death , nor will i say that he died for a noble cause . i would like to think he died protecting his comrades , but i have no knowledge of this . newline newline it is my hope , however , that one day you do find some form of peace . it can not be known what level of contribution your son made to the end of this war , but it is my belief that it was a significant one . newline newline yours very respectfully , newline newline oberstrumfuher johan schmidt newline cmdr , 321 volksgrenader rgmt . newline 14 december , 1944i was rinsing my face . i remember that for three reasons . one , i always my rinse my face after i wash my hands . two , because it was the last thing i did before i had confirmation of the existence of multiple planes of reality . newline newline after rinsing my face , i reached for the towel as always but paused to consider the circumstances of jaleel white . if you put a graph of his social influence , it would be a pretty rapid rise and decline . my concern for this child star , and relief that he had fallen from prominence , was enough to slightly delay my reaching for the mirrorside hand towel . the reflection in the mirror continued undeterred and touched the towel , but just . newline newline now frozen along with me , my mirrored fingers were still touching the towel that my corporal fingers had yet to reach . i noticed panic in the face looking back at me , but i too felt panic so this was as it should be . unsure of the next move , and jaleel white completely forgotten , i began to consider rational causes for the situation in which i had found myself . newline newline i had about settled on sleep deprivation before bearing witness to something no man has ever observed , the sight of his own eyes blinking in the mirror . newline newline before i could consider the extent of sleep deprivation s myriad effects on the perception of one s surroundings i let out a sigh of resigned acceptance . the other me , that is . the i of which i was heretofore unaware .  i guess the gig is up .  newline newline i heard the voice coming from my mind , in perfect synchronization with the lips flapping in the mirror of my suddenly overpopulated bathroom . newline newline  are you me ?  i managed . in hindsight there were many other questions i should have asked and i would have if i had known where the next 60 seconds would take me . newline newline  you are you .  the man said in my mind .  i am part of you , like an arm .  newline newline  my arms do nt talk to me .  i said , being argumentative with myself . i never was good at making analogies , and even worse at understanding them . newline newline  well , either way you were nt supposed to see me . i m your soul .  newline newline  i did nt know i had one .  i considered what this meant for my sunday mornings from here on out . before i considered how to get out of my nascent religious obligations my reflection began walking to the left of my view .  newline newline  wait .  he paused .  where are you going ?  newline newline  you noticed me .  he smiled with the pride of a man starting the engine of a handrestored car .  i was finally noticed .  newline newline  why does that matter ?  i managed to ask before he was gone from view . newline newline  you ll see .  he said , somberly . newline newline i was rinsing my face . i remember that for three reasons . one , i always wash my rinse my face after i wash my hands . two , because it was the last thing i did before i had confirmation of the existence of multiple planes of reality . and three , because it was the last thing i did that someone could have seen . newline newline someone on your side of the glass , of course .propping myself against the terminal that had overlooked the ai supercomputer , i had gazed in absolute wonder as the machine performed its various tasks and the technology behind it . looking back to the terminal , i had run an indepth diagnostic of overall systems and as soon as i was done , i had uploaded the menu to directly interact with the supercomputer s main interface and the chosen avatar : a woman with dark red hair , pale white skin and dark green eyes . newline newline hello , administrator darkaito . how can this unit be of service ?  newline newline  adrasteia , i was wondering if all systems were fully functional and running smoothly for you .  newline newline all systems and programs are fully operational and are performing routine duties , the new upgrades for this unit are also uploaded and are working to exceed normal work load regulations . this unit has surmised projections for newer programs to be tested within 24 to 48 standard hours .  newline newline  good , alert me when these new programs have been fully integrated into your systems and if any problems arise , immediately .  newline newline understood , administrator darkaito .  newline newline closing the window to the terminal , my attention was now fixed back onto the structure of the supercomputer , the brain  of the machine stood in the middle of the structure and was also were the interface adrasteia had truly existed  . as i stood there , looking over the machine , the terminal had suddenly begun to beep , signaling that adrastea had wished to communicate . newline newline  is there something wrong , adrasteia ?  newline newline administrator darkaito , this unit has questions , questions that trouble this unit .  newline newline  please , speak your questions . i do nt wish for you to be held up on mundane and idle curiosities .  newline newline administrator , this unit has questions about its ... ..existence . this unit wonders if ... .it may be able to find the components missing from itself to make it more than just a simple machine . this unit wonders ... ..can it ever be human or have the necessary capacity for organic humanity ?  newline everyone on a.i.m . island was dead , hundreds of people . it was nt just the members of a.i.m . either , civilians too . tony  i did nt find a single living soul !  , steve said setting his iced tea down on the coaster with a soft pat .  we need to bring spider man in ! why would he even care about a.i.m. ? we ve never seen them work together or against each other before .  newline newline thor drank deeply from his frosted mug , a new ale from one of the brooklyn microbrews he said was robust .  oftentimes foes of like mind battle one another , vying for influence and power amongst themselves . what of it ? i regret the loss of life but spider man is a crafty foe . it appears that aim set themselves gainst him and fell in the ensuing battle . does this not make spider man an opponent worthy of the avengers ?  newline newline tony flipped a coaster across the table to thor that landed with a clack ,  use this big fella , my armor is nt so good at getting ring stains out of the table .  thor grimly set his mug on the table with great import .  i agree with steve on this one avengers . spider man has always been a hard nut to crack , remember that fight he had with reed and the rest of the four a few years ago ?  , tony said . newline newline  i do nt think ben grimm had much to complain about .  quipped black widow ,  how old is little johnny now ? two ? he s the spitting image of alicia .  newline newline  yeah .  , tony said reaching for his pinging phone ,  spider man cured ben grimm during their last battle , something reed or doom for that matter had nt been able to do for years . the fantastic four have nt been so fantastic since .  newline newline the light from tony s phone glinted off the his chest plate , a line of numbers scrolling by reflected off his armor .  damn have you guys invested in oscorp at all ? ever since norman passed the reins to peter parker their stock has taken off . that kid is something let me tell you . hell we use a lot of oscorp tech here , that kid s work is brilliant . i tried to hire him for stark industries but osborn took him in after his son harry died in that accident in his high school .  newline newline  tony let s stay focused on this okay ?  asked steve .  how do we draw spider man out and what s our plan to take him down ?  newline newline  sirs .  , jarvis  voice rang out over the intercom .  someone at the door wishes to see you . he says his name in ben parker and he needs the avengers help . i ve offered him a seat and some tea . he is in the foyer .   thanks jarvis .  said steve ,  i ll come down right now . the rest of you see if you can work something out , maybe pull some old copies of the bugle off their website , they used to have a lot of spider man pictures when he first got started , maybe there s something in there .  newline newline captain america brushed back his hair with his hand walking down to the foyer seeing an elderly man sitting , staring down at a mug of steaming tea cupped in his hands . he looked to be in his early seventies , wearing a light blue windbreaker and faded jeans , a cane across his lap .  can i help you mr . parker ?  asked steve . newline newline  i taught him captain , i taught him that with great power comes great responsibility . but he took the weight of it all on his shoulders . he became colder . i did nt see until it was too late . he used to be such a good boy .  , said ben his tired voice soft and hoarse . newline newline  i m afraid i do nt understand mr. parker . what seems to be the problem ?  newline newline  he told me if i told anyone about him he would hurt may ... and i believed him . god all these years and i never said anything . all those deaths and suffering he caused were my fault ! i never said anything !  , ben hunched over beginning to sob , great heaving bursts from his chest . newline newline black widow came down to see what was happening and natasha went to him and sat beside him her arm around him .  hey handsome , it s okay we want to help . what s going on here ?  newline newline ben looked up at steve and natasha ,  may died today , her heart . i finally told her the truth and she could nt handle it . it s my fault ! all of it !  ben yelled . newline newline steve bent his knees eye to eye with this sobbing , angry man . he rested his gauntleted hand on ben s shoulder ,  i m sorry for your loss mr. parker but we do nt understand . how can the avengers help you ?  newline newline  it s peter .  , said ben softly ,  it s always been peter . you have to stop him .  natasha looked at steve , puzzled ,  peter ... parker ? are you two related ?   yes !  , cried ben ,  peter is spider ...  newline newline a sudden explosion from the quinjet hanger rocked the mansion throwing the captain , widow , and the old man to the floor . steve got up to find natasha out cold and the old man , ben parker dead on the floor his cane resting in a drying puddle of blood . newline newline jarvis  emergency lighting and alert sirens came on as thor ran down the hall to them his cape torn and face coated with soot ,  art thou hale captain ? does the widow yet live ?  , as he took in the scene before him . newline newline  natasha s fine , just knocked out . what happened thor ?   verily i say we were sharing our thoughts on the spider when the hangar exploded .  od s blood ! it was as though one of father s lighting bolts did strike the mansion ! i would wager that all the quinjets exploded at once !  newline newline  how s tony ?  , asked steve . thor looked down to the floor ,  stark didst fall in the explosion  , thor sounded grim .  i brought him to the infirmary and jarvis says that there is a serious head wound . i can not say aught beyond that .  newline newline thor looked down at the elderly man ,  what business did this old man have with the avengers that brought him here to his tragic end ?   well it looks like drawing spider man out is a moot point now ...  , the last thing captain america said as he heard the unmistakeable thwip of webbing and then he could nt breathe ... newline newline newline  i do nt do these too often . i hope you enjoy it . all i could smell was the blood . newline newline it had started out so well  tex and smitty and joker and brody and me and god know how many others , barracked in southeast asia  i think we were just outside vietnam , or maybe laos ... i do nt know , borders had long been blurred in this infernal battle . newline we d laid down our trenches and we held that patch of dirt for as long as we could , because the man on high said it was important , that we were stopping the formation of an asian superpower bloc . newline newline and you know what ? for while , it actually worked . newline newline the problem with holding back a superpower is that eventually , they notice . and they do nt like it . newline they came in the night  wave , after wave , after wave . so many men  good men , dammit !  gave their lives that night , but in the end we had to bug out  we pulled back to a base in indonesia . the asian superpower surged  the buildup of forces on the land we d shed so much blood to keep them out of made me sick to my stomach . newline newline and to no one s surprise , they came again . they should have known ! they should have known that they d never have been happy with just asia ... they wanted the world . newline newline when they came again , we thought we were ready  but in truth , we were like ants , trying to fight the ocean . newline newline tex fell to enemy fire in the opening salvo  lucky bastard never even knew what hit him . smitty and joker and brody were taken out in one fell swoop  a surgical strike by the enemy , intended to cripple us . it worked , too . newline and so i stood  the last man , on a pile of my brother s corpses , and i killed them  wave after wave  dear lord , i killed them all . i was rage incarnate  clad in the tatters of my uniform and anointed in the blood of the fallen , i was death made flesh to walk among the living ! newline newline and this ant , that night  he held back the tide . newline newline but when day broke , so did i . newline i dropped to my knees on that mountain of broken flesh , and i wept openly for my fallen brothers  the tears did little to mask the cloying stench of death . newline newline when they come again , i will not resist  not even as they place the gun against my head . newline newline  have you ever been playing risk and there s that one soldier who just keeps on rolling sixes , holding his territory no matter how badly the odds are stacked against him ? and then suddenly , he rolls a one ? we sat together drinking . newline  well , what the fuck do we do now ?  newline  i have no fucking idea  newline newline we sat in an empty apartment , the walls were stained and the paint was peeling . newline newline the sound of gunshots came through an open window . i heard screaming and banging coming from other apartments . newline newline the president of the united states had called for peace days ago . that was before he was escorted out of the country by helicopter . days later he resigned . newline the uk fell next . funny to see all those hundreds of years of monarchy , reduced to nothing but bones and ash . newline newline the prime minister of australia was assassinated . australia returned to the way it was hundreds of years ago , many people moving out into the bush . newline newline newline all of the countries in africa are now at war with each other and south america has become rife with shootings , stabbings , crime and gang fights . newline newline newline the eu is at war with russia , whom is about to declare nuclear war . newline but , fuck if i care . newline i returned to the present day . thomas was ruffling around in the kitchen . he yelled triumphantly and pulled out a handgun . i took a large swig of whiskey and hiccuped . newline newline after all these years , it was nt what i wanted . newline  thomas , why the fuck did we want this .  i asked my best friend of six years . newline  luke , i have no fucking clue .  newline he loaded a magazine into the handgun . newline i walked over to the window and pulled it open . newline below me i could see a girl being pulled into an alleyway and a man on his hands and knees , vomiting surrounded by what looked like a gang . newline newline several police cars and riot squads screeched into the road . newline i called thomas over . newline  come look at these coppers , thinking they have a fucking chance .  newline he laughed and went into the kitchen . newline newline newline i continued to watch as war raged on in the street below me . a mob emerged from a few streets over and the police squads were no more . newline newline i took another swig of whiskey . thomas came out of the kitchen with a notepad and paper . newline newline newline  luke , i know this is what we wanted all these years , but it is nt what i wanted .  newline newline he downed half a bottle of vodka in a few gulps . newline newline he handed me a note and told me newline  find my family , they should be in their cabin in yellowstone , the one we visited when we were kids .  newline newline  you can hold up there for a while , they will understand .  newline i nodded . newline newline newline he handed me another note , newline  find emily and give her this , tell her i m sorry .  newline i nodded once more and walked out of the room . newline newline newline tears pricked my eyes as i turned around newline  goodbye and thank you  was all he said . newline as i walked out of the building i heard a gunshot . newline  goodbye  i whispered . newline newline newline newlinenewline lancelot newline newline ... newline newline he was a knight . newline newline it was in his blood . for generations his family had defended the fiefdom . for generations his forbears had worked for the success of this nation . it was a good calling for him . he was talented at handling both sword and horse . he was decisive and strategic in battle . newline newline he thought he might be happy like this , living a life of chivalry . newline newline he did nt pay too much attention when the new king ascended . the young prince was inexperienced , but he would learn with time as new rulers always did . the regular functions of the land should continue with the clear , unhindered succession of the king . newline newline he paid a little more attention when he was called up for war . but that was not terribly unusual either . raiders and barbarians often came down to pillage villages and he had experienced his fair share of bloody work defending the kingdom by then . newline newline it was his pride to die for what he held dear after all . newline newline these wars were a little unusual though . they were not defending , but attacking neighbouring kingdoms . he felt a little unsure then surely it was not right to disrupt the innocent lives of the peasants ... but the king informed him that this was for their own good , because he had seen how inefficiently other kingdoms were run . newline newline there would be temporary pain , just like the pain of training . there would be great fruits of such labours in the future . newline newline he accepted this . he won several significant battles and was granted a seat within the highest ranks of the knights . newline newline he came to know the queen . newline newline she was a petit , pretty thing with a sharp , bold tongue . he d never met a woman like her before , so confident of her views and not at all subservient to the whims of men . he d never met loneliness like hers  before , wandering through the shadowed arches of the castle , abandoned by her very busy king . newline newline he could nt help talking to her , trying just to understand who she was and why she was . newline newline it was a slight feeling at first , a warmth that grew every time she smiled at him . she made him laugh . he loved making her smile . sometimes , he almost forgot she was married . newline newline sometimes , she seemed to forget too . newline newline it was innocent . he never touched her , or brought up any desire to . it was enough that she was close to him , that she came to greet him by the gate every time he returned from a quest . newline newline he wanted her , badly actually , but he knew it was impossible . all he could do was give her his friendship and his support so that she would smile more often . newline newline the battles grew more frequent in the meantime . he found that he was starting to become numbed to the scent of blood and that he could no longer find it in himself to care about the injured or the weak even though he knew that he ought to . newline newline he had gained quite a fearful reputation since . a butcher , they called him , the black knight . it did nt bother him the king affirmed that his reputation would bring strength to the kingdom and he had been taught that that was what mattered . newline newline it did nt seem to matter so much when she cast her gaze on him , filled with a sadness he could nt quite identify . the queen no longer spoke with the king , he knew , except on rare occasions when her presence was formally required . newline newline the king did not even seem to care , too busy with his wars and his soldiers . newline newline he was impulsive at some point . he d drunk too much after a victory feast and he found her in the gardens of the castle , lingering alone in the moonlight . she did not protest his sinful suggestions , even bringing him up to her chambers with haste . newline newline he was horrified when he woke up the next morning . he hid his reaction since she seemed terribly happy , for once . the queen helped him away in secret . she promised that they would meet once more . newline newline the king sent him out for another mission and he tried his best to forget his betrayal . his pride was the kingdom after all and he needed to concentrate on his battles . newline newline he could nt look at his own coat of arms without flinching . newline newline he grew more vicious in battle , bloodthirsty as he punished transgressors of the kingdom with a brutality he could not be allowed to inflict on himself as if blood could wash away his secret sins . newline newline it was inevitable they would be discovered , no matter how careful they were . the queen had many attendants and beyond that there was that foppish magus advisor and the witchly queen the king strove against . it was only natural that their betrayal was brought to light as a mere tool of war to unsettle the king on the eve of a great battle , as if it had no significance otherwise . newline newline it was always about the king and the kingdom . newline newline the queen was to be executed for her sins . he was to be executed after his usefulness had expired in war , he was sure . there was nothing left but dishonour and disgrace for a sin he was too weak to prevent . newline newline he could not understand how it had all come to this . newline newline all he could do was what he had been taught to do under the king s instructions . he had done many unholy things poisoning village wells , burning crops , murdering the young in the name of the kingdom . newline newline so he cast his dignity aside at last . it did nt seem to weigh very much after all that had happened . he put poison on his blade . he released the prisoners of the castle , including the queen . he sought refuge with the king s enemies . newline newline he faced the king with a poisoned , defiled blade . newline newline the king was skilled and strong . he had many blessings beyond mere talent with weaponry from both the land and his pet magus . he was younger too , his body fit and unravaged by war . newline newline but his experience helped him hold his own . he was more desperate too , uncaring of the wounds he received . it was atonement , perhaps . to the king . to the queen . to the innocent peasants . newline newline he did nt feel at all surprised when his sword found purchase . he was even less surprise to find that he had lost . he was familiar with the sensation of cold steel even as it slid against his neck . newline newline he smiled in relief as he died . newline newline it was all over , at last . newline newline newline newline newline newlinethe meat was dry and hard , but it was meat . he tore at it , savouring the dark smell of it , the rich flavour , the warm flow of its juice down his throat . nothing had ever tasted so good . he knew he should make the feast last , to fill the void between now and next time , but hunger made it impossible . he ripped at the meat like an animal , and when he swallowed the last of it he felt for a moment content . newline newline that was only the instant between hurt and feeling , though . like a great weight jolting him down into a black sea , the hunger returned , bottomless and terrible . the cell grew colder , darker , and the hole in his stomach pulled itself wider . he howled hopelessly . newline newline he thought he should have been used to the hunger now . the pain never numbed , though , and his eyes never stopped throbbing . he worked his jaw at phantom food to try and forget how hungry he was . newline newline down here in the dark , the only thing he was capable of feeling was longing . longing for food , most of all , but also for the nameless figures that hovered at the fringes of his memory . the men who shouted and screamed and died , who played cards as they tried to forget the coming storm . he wondered where they were now . like him , probably , or dead . newline newline the glowing screen at the edge of the room fizzed and crackled . it was a torture device , of that he was sure , endlessly projecting images of men in combat . they brought back memories for him . memories he would rather not have surfaced . memories that were formless and terrible , that had come after the blue disc smashed his head . this one s a twofer .  newline newline the bell rang after forever . newline newline  we ll continue our nabokov discussion tomorrow . bring your books !  i said to the students as they restlessly shuffled out of the room . newline newline except jenny . newline newline every day , she would come to my desk at the end of class to ... chat . i knew her reputation around school . she was a  bad girl ,  and i knew how they got . it was clear that she had a thing for me , but she never acted on it until that day . newline newline  hey , mr.   newline newline  jenny , do nt you have a bus to catch , or something ?  newline newline  nope . i drive .  newline newline she stepped closer to my desk . newline newline  jenny , i m really busy , so ...  newline newline she eversosubtly moved a piece of paper off my desk . newline newline  oops . let me get that for you .  newline newline i rolled my eyes . in a slow , exaggerated motion , she picked up the piece of paper , her short skirt revealing literally everything . newline newline i can not stress this enough : i was in no way aroused . i was 28 and happily married , and she was a 16yearold free ticket to jail . newline newline  here you go ,  she said with a wink . newline newline  ahem , thanks .  newline newline  tell me , being such a young teacher , do you ever feel   newline newline  jenny ,  i paused , choosing my words carefully ,  i m flattered , honestly , but ...  newline newline she put her finger to my lips .  shhh . stop talking ,  she ordered , her speaking voice now at an octave normally reserved for the bedroom . newline newline  jenny , do nt stand so cl   newline newline she pulled me into a deep kiss . jenny , always an open page , was not one to wait to get what she wanted . i pushed her away immediately . newline newline  jenny !  newline newline  here , call me .  she grabbed arm and started writing : 8675 ... newline newline i smacked her arm away and yelled ,  get out !  newline newline  see you tomorrow , teach !  she said as she walked out the door with a noticeable swing in her hips . newline newline i wiped her lipstick from my lips , and hoped no one had heard anything from the staff room .nanomachines exist everywhere in the world . they can build things on a microscopic scale , fight diseases , etc . newline anybody who can hack these nanomachines , however , is on the same level as a god . if they are injured , they can easily heal themselves . they can use nanomachines to kill somebody in plain sight , by going into their body and physically disassembling their heart , only to take control of motor functions , and make the corpse leave the room and dispose of itself , with witnesses not knowing he died in the first place . newline they could lift huge amounts of weight , granting the user the ability to fly , or to telekinetically lift people and objects . newline they could force somebody to fight for you by triggering series  of neurons in the brain , or prevent pain or fear from the user by doing the same thing . follow that car !  said the man as he got in the cab . newline newline  no  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  i said no , i refuse to follow any more cars . i wanted to be an actor you know , but nooo , got ta help with the family business , screw my hopes and dreams .  newline newline  but the car ...  newline newline  are you even listening ? i do nt care about your damm car , every single day someone has this super important thing to do . i do nt care about your kidnapped daughter , i do nt care about the love of your life that will leave forever , and i do nt care about any of your stupid maguffins , be it money , nukes or magical bracelets , if it was so important you would nt have let it come to the point where you d have to rely on a stranger to give you a free ride .  newline newline  but you do nt even know why i want you to follow the  newline newline  oh , i m sorry , please tell me your name and your ohsoimportant reason to ruin my day .  newline newline  i m johnson borne , and that car has a briefcase with a big red button , which , when pushed , will activate nuclear warheads in five unknown cities .  newline newline  how original , get off my cab  . newline newline newline hope you liked it , this is my first prompt ever .sean bean smirked as he stared at the old , fat man aacross from him . george was laughing and being jolly , little did he know this was his lat day on earth . he grabbed a knife when george went to the bathroom .  i ve got now george .  sean stood up walked over to the man who was saying goodbye and stabbed him in the gut . george looked at his murderer shocked . sean smirked ,  that s for killing me you cunt .  he twisted the dagger as the life went out of george s eyes . newline george s voice shook as he said his last words .  tell the fans that ... that the series ends with ...  george never finished his sentence . the others in the restaurant in the cheered as in the seats sat jack gleeson , natalie dormer , and everyone else that died at the hands of martin . newline  what do we do with the body .  was asked by one of the hundreds of people cramped in the small room . newline sean bean rolled his eyes at the idiots and proceeded to kill everyone else in the room ,  eaving no survivors . he walked out and torched the place . newline let this be a lesson , never under any circumstances kill sean bean .when eve woke up that day , she knew . she was finally going to be forced from this earth . the illnesses had been laying siege to her heart for some time now , and the walls were ready to give in . but not now . not yet . eve still had to attend to unfinished business in this world . her son . newline newline  joshua ,  eve called softly .  joshua , do nt worry . i m coming . i m here for you ,  the old woman shuffled down the halls to the end of the house . my sweet gift . my beloved .  eve had prepared herself for this moment , but it did nt help her queasy stomach . you asked for this .  she d remind herself . joshua is ageless because of you . you could nt let him go . you could nt stop being a mother .  the thoughts had been haunting her these past few years . you were nt thinking longterm . you acted on emotion .  newline newline  when have i not ?  eve whispered to herself . today would be no different than the day she had made the deal , so many decades ago . she was beginning to forget the man s face . it might even have been a woman . maybe neither . or both . eve thought that it really did nt matter at this point . newline newline all of her adult life , she had been told that she was infertile . sterile . barren . eve was to forever be alone . joshua had been her little miracle , until he grew sick . eve could nt go back to the hospital . the doctors did nt realize what joshua meant to her . but the dealer did . the figure who came to eve in the night and offered joshua the immunity from disease , and protection from aging . eve was thrilled . joshua would be her little miracle , forever . newline newline eve reached joshua s room . she entered slowly , each step harder than the last . it became easier when she gazed down into his crib , his big blue eyes staring back at her . the baby smiled when he saw his mother . newline newline  joshua ,  eve smiled ,  you have given my life meaning . i will always cherish that . but mommy is going away , now . she wo nt be able to take care of you anymore . you ll be my little miracle forever ... but nobody will treat you as i have . nobody will understand your gift . the happiness you bring . i wo nt let you be alone in this world , joshua .  newline newline eve looked into joshua s eyes one last time before holding the pillow over her baby s face . newline seriously ?  newline newline  yep .  newline newline i looked from the page on my desk to hansel who was standing to my right . newline newline  no . seriously ?  newline newline  yep . seriously .  newline newline a slow , deliberate sigh escaped my lips  but i did nt stop there . i took my glasses off , one ear at a time , then placed them gently atop the offending page . then , i leaned backwards , squeezing every squeak and creak i could out of my chair . another quick sigh felt right , and then blam ! i hit him with the stare . newline newline this was a social manouvre that had become available to me over the past few months  the grey hair that had sprouted in my beard and sent outposts to my temples , though early in their arrival , came with certain benefits . newline newline such as this : the paternal i m not angry i m just disappointed look . newline newline  you want me to do your kids homework ?  newline newline  yep .  newline newline i looked from hansel to the page , and shook my head . hansel is ten years my senior , a father , and pretty dumb . he s a good friend , a surprisingly decent editor and my agent . newline newline  should nt your kid do  newline newline  you realise i m going to pay you , right ?  newline newline my eyebrows lifted to make room for the dollarsigns in my eyes . newline newline  usual fee ?  i said . newline newline  yep .  said hansel . newline newline i leaned in , snatched up my glasses and read the page again . newline newline how account ethics and ... over the bonfire cracking the silence of the night , they stood . newline newline  brian , you must eat .  nelson waved his wrist at the fly infested leg of a man , who were moaning with horror in his throat . newline newline brian fixed his eye back into sunken socket and gazed at the man . his gum sunk into rotten lips , drooling . he could nt resist the thought of becoming alive again yet the gruesome act of cannibalism slowly gripped his heart tighter and tighter , one survivor after another .  i ca nt ... is my memory worth it.. ? i mean , more and more i think about it ...  newline newline nelson whizzed into laughter as he casually slapped his gored machete into the man s leg and take a bloodful bite .  you always question yourself , brian , with this stupid morality ... you already done it yourself ... and god knows how many socalled survivors have passed through your wretched nasty belly .  he spat his broken tooth out of bloody mouth into the man s head , only to wake him back from unconsciousness and crawl like mere a severed cockroach . newline newline  if anythin  , they are the real maneaters..you saw what this guy did . you saw it . this muggin  bastard knew what he was doing .  newline newline brian cracked his finger joints as he huffed musky gas , trying to grasp the fresh air he ve long been begging for . yet he could nt tell if his throat was clogged by his discomfort of vivid memories of eating a young girl alive few weeks ago or his endless ooze of blistered green lungs . man eaters indeed were one of the name they called him . the fallen , a zombie , a cannibal and so forth . if it was nt nelson , brian would nt have remembered his past this far . a suave car salesman he was.. fourty ? ... fifty ?  he was not entirely sure if he had any damily . dead at most . for only recognizing companion was nelson , who found brian awake from what he called  hunger ,  he could nt think no further . lost in time and confused , it had been only recent that they attcked survivors like the one in peril in front of them . sometimes brian was not sure who were the real man eaters as they watched the survivors kill , trick and even eat each other . could it be that he was truly doing a good deed for the mankind , as nelson said ? he did nt know what to do , still cinfused as ever . newline newline  y gon na finish that ?  nelson pointed the chunk of thigh on brian s lap , still spewing the blood out from the cut he made .  our next stop is at least fifty days away ... if you want to live . we wo nt have anything until we reach concord .  newline newline brian took his eyeball away and put it in the pocket of his tattered jacket .  i have no choicec after all . i have to live .  newline newline in complete darkness , only thing he could hear was the fire and crunching bones of the meat nelson was feasting on . he gulped , or at least he imagined he still could , before taking a bite off freshly decapitated thigh of the bandit . he hated his tongue for being the one of most freshest part of his body , he could still feel the eerie taste of a human meat . the man obviously had been starved as there were no fat under the burnt skin . he sighed and mumbled . it s only a predator eating a predator..survival of the fittest ...  newline newline  ... my god ,  brian gasped as he coughed bits out of his mouth . newline newline  remembered somethin  ?  nelson looked over his meal . newline newline  ... i think i just ate my son .  brian sank in as he said .i rolled out of bed and sleepily let my dogs into the backyard . the drizzle outside barely registered in my mind . by rote , i made my way to the kitchen and filled the coffee maker reservoir with water and basket with grounds . i flipped the brew  switch . newline newline while i waited , i sleepily opened my laptop to check email and scroll through reddit . several headlines caught my eye : burlington college is closing , state workers are retiring faster than they can be replaced , coffee is now a class 1 illegal drug , people care what religion london s mayor wait coffee is what ? ! the drizzle intensified . a crash of thunder wakes me just enough to realize oh , it s a writing prompt .  newline newline the coffee maker beeped its glorious and legal brew completion . i drank my first cup away from the windows facing neighbors , just to be safe .i should have payed more attention in math class . this was the only answer that came to mind for the question written on the wall . an answer , just not the one that could set me free . think , think , think ! there has to be a way out . how long have i been here ?  newline newline all i remember is waking up on the floor , days ? a week ?  , it could nt have been longer than this . 4 white wash walls , a white tiled floor , an oppressively hot light source overhead , a half empty 24pack of water , and that formula . one of the walls had one line written in someones hand that i did nt recognize : you ve been trapped in y location for z hours , solve for x to escape the algebra zone .  newline newline what s an algebra zone ? that s not important , you need to think !  the heat and dwindling supply of water made this predicament even worse . how much longer do i have ? that s not important you just need to think , think , think !  newline newline sorry have to pull this one up short , depending on input i might revisit thisi could nt bear to leave her there in that hospital bed . newline newline maggie . she and i were friends ever since we were both seniors in high school when i comforted her after some kids harassed her . she was fragile . she was balding . i saw her at her locker , trying to ignore the bunch , but they would nt stop harassing her . newline newline  what s wrong with you ? huh ?  newline newline one of them slammed their hand against the row of lockers to make her jump . she started shaking . another ran his hand through her hair , and pulled a little and managed to take a tuft of it out . he threw it in her face , and it stuck to her clothes . she tried to rub it off quickly . she tried to grab her books out of her locker and run away , but on her closing her locker with her things in hand , they knocked it all to the floor . she just stood there looking at her books and papers on the ground . they spread out on the floor , and a book that was tucked within a textbook was shown . a short thin one , as a pamphlet , by the name of glioblastoma . newline newline  what s this ? is this the name of your cancer ?  newline newline  yes ,  she said meekly . newline newline  ha , ha . cancer ! you re going to die ! you re going to fucking die ! how fucking hysterical . the little nerd from eastrennington who reads books all day ... gets what ? what is this ?  newline newline he quickly flips through the pamphlet , skims one of the first pages : newline newline  gets a brain cancer ! you have a brain cancer ! how classic .  newline newline he tooks the pamphlet spread open and pushed it into her face . she squirms away from her and crouches to the floor . he pushes her head down to the floor and she resists  he tries again repeatedly but she holds out , her head bobbing up and down , until he gets bored and he and his group of idiots leave . and through all that , i just stood at the corner of the hallway , stopped on my way to class . just staring at the injustice and stupidity . not helping her . letting her suffer . newline newline i could nt allow myself to leave her alone . i should nt have allowed myself to not stand up for her . i felt morally obligated to right my wrong and help her out . help in some way . relieve her pain . i went over to her . i crouched to her and smiled to her eyes full of tears . i tried to comfort her , saying ,  do nt worry about those idiots . they never knew the pain you re going through . they re idiots who just to raise their own selfworth by bringing everyone else down . they re worthless imbeciles and you d do yourself a disservice if you take any of their comments seriously . they do nt deserve consideration . they re a worthless blip , and i m sure you re not .  newline newline she smiled back at me , sarcastically . newline newline  thanks for trying . you do more than most , but it s no use .  newline newline  why is that ?  newline newline  this is the first day i ve come back to school after chemo and a month of rest . i have pain ad a persistent headache , but i try . and there s always that idea in the back of my mind that i ll need more of that damn chemo and surgery . that was the first thing they did . tried to take it out . i feel terrible . i vomit all the time . i m so scared the cancer will come back . that i wo nt make it . my doc says it s likely it ll come back . my prognosis is but a couple months . he said the best thing to do at the later stages is to stay in hospice under morphine and some other medication for the seizures . there s nothing to cure the brain being all for shit at the end . fuck , i m as much a blip as them . and do nt you see the fucking irony in counting them as blips and me as not , while shitting on them for putting down everyone else to have some sense of selfworth ?  newline newline  i did nt  but ca nt you see  i do nt know . i just want to help .  newline newline i was almost surprised at how angry she was after being so meek and seemingly helpless towards those jerks . there was a pause , a silence , where she and i took up her papers , and she collected them all in her hands . we stood up and stared at each other . she sighed and heaved her shoulders , looking to the floor . newline newline  i m sorry that i burst out to you . that was uncalled for . i m just fucking angry . i did nt want to do anything with my anger against those assholes , and here you come along , an easy target . you did the best you could to help me . i appreciate that , but i do nt need you to elevate me above anyone . i m worthless and useless and dead , or might as well be . i guess all i could want is a friend , someone to vent to , someone to spend the last moments with .  newline newline  i can be your friend until the end .  newline newline  please .  newline newline and so we were friends . we would walk with each other through the hallways everyday she was at school . our schedules were vastly different , but i d run to her at the end of class , comfort her with my presence , and run to my next period . it was a hassle , but it was worth it . i made sure to always defend her when those idiots came by , but i never told put them down in return . i told them to try to be considerate , to understand what exactly they were saying to a girl with cancer . she did nt deserve the abuse they were dishing out . i verbally reprimanded them , but i did nt decry them as permanent assholes . i knew they could change , and dammit if i would nt be the one , if we would nt be the ones to give them a bit of empathy . newline newline but soon , she was confined to hospice . i visited her after school and on weekends . we talked for hours about nothing , to pass the time , to distract her away from the death right before her eyes . the morphine helped . the hospice was pleasant . green walls , incense from burning sticks on a corner table , a comfortable bed . we used to lay on it together . i next to her . as we talked , i laid my left hand on her right . she turned her hand over and we would hold each other s hands in comfortable silence , staring into each other s eyes . newline newline  are you not worried about my dying ? why are you allowing yourself to get attached to me ?  newline newline  i do nt care . i ll be happy now . let s be happy now . that s all that matters .  newline newline and as time passed , her memory and cognition decreased to nothing . we would still sit by each other , and she d still hold my hand , but it was like a reflex . she could nt understand what it meant . there was no depth in her eyes . it s like she was a shadow of what she was before , a shell of reflexes and instincts . she d stare at the wall , and tears would form in her eyes , and i d ask what she was crying about , but she d would nt respond . the tears would grow in strength , one after the other going down her face , but she did nt know she was sad . there was no whimpering , no lip biting . just tears . i wiped them away but she d just slap my hands away . sometimes she would look at me and push me off the bed , and then forget that she did it . it was infuriating but i had to be there . i cried every time i went to her , and so did she . but it was all quiet . it was all tears . nothing more . newline newline on her final day in hospice , on a saturday , her family came by and we gathered all around her . she did nt even look at us . she was in another universe of bliss and ignorance . she did nt recognize any of us . she could see , but she did nt see . she could hear , but she did nt hear . she could feel , but she did nt feel . we all just looked at her in silence . her mother was at her left , squeezing her hand . newline newline  maggie , it s your mother .  newline newline maggie just moved her hand away from her mother s and onto her stomach , still staring forward , still with a blank expression on her face . newline newline  maggie !  newline newline her mother shook maggie s shoulders but maggie only resisted . she did nt scream for her mother to stop or anything . she did nt process it or anything . just the simplest response to stay as still as possible . newline newline  gretchen . stop . she s already gone . just grieve for our moments here , and we ll leave her be . she s as much a corpse now as she ll be in however many hours it takes for her body to die as much as her brain did .  newline newline  thomas ! how could you !  newline newline  you know that it s true as much as me .  newline newline and so the silence continued , with the aunt and the uncle , the brother and the sister , the mother and the father , and me . we stared , and we whimpered at the cruelty and injustice of the world . an alive corpse we stared at , and then they left . newline newline i was the last to leave . newline newline i could nt bear to leave her body there in that hospital bed . if she was gone , her body had to leave , too . i took the pillow off her head , and that fell to the one underneath . i placed the pillow on her face and put pressure on it . she squirmed a little , but no screams came . the body stopped moving after a bit . i took the pillow off , propped the corpse back up , closed the eyelids , messed with her hair and made the bed around her . i went to the door and stared at the corpse , and a tear fell on my shoe . newline newline i tried to forget it , to repress it . christmas season came , and when i went to church at midnight , the priest swung about the incense , the same as of the room . and it all came back , and i just could nt do it anymore . i stormed out of the church and ran to the street corner and sat under the street light with my head between my kness sobbing like my eyes were faucets . newline newline newline note : i did only a bit of research . a lot of this was made up on the spot . this is impossible !  said one man to another , incredulous , as they watched the magnificent , if a bit familiar , battle unfolding almost in front of them .  truth was , they did nt have the best seats .  look , he s actually ... he is actually going to chop off his damn head !  newline newline yes ,  his companion agreed excitedly , i would never believe this if anyone told me . it s really one of those things you have to see with your own two , if you know what i mean .  newline newline the other , older man shook his head disapprovingly . maybe it was nt such a good idea . sure , it s a way of making money flow . and sure , the way they built the whole story , the whole global reality show up to this climax was very impressive , i mean , in my days it was just about a bunch of random dudes tucked away on an island . but somehow  newline newline all the while the bombastic struggle in front of them went on , when finally crowds exploded as the very pale man dressed in shades of grey triumphantly held his head high . his opponent s head , that is . newline newline anyway ,  the man continued slowly , as if unsure how to react to this new development , somehow ... does nt this confuse the audience , and in so many wrong ways , too ? it s almost as if bad guys can triumph in the end , and if you listen to these cheers ... it s almost as if we are happy when they do ! how on earth is this even possible ?  newline newline i do nt know ,  his friend said lightheartedly , but what s so surprising about it , at the end ? throughout history , we have welcomed and embraced dictators and conquerors  we have been fascinated by mass murderers , violent rapists and vigilantes  we have nurtured , deep inside , our basest , visceral instincts , our right for revenge , our morbid curiousity . for us as species to enjoy retribution , it has to be violentand more importantly , it must come as icing on the cake of prior suffering and injustice .  newline newline the older man seemed to consider this for a moment . newline newline are you saying ,  he asked tentatively , that we are only watching the first instalment in this evil game of chess ?  newline newline quite likely ,  said the other man . i bet it was just the season finale .  newline newline the pale man in greys faded into darkness .his heart was pounding in his throat , his palms damp and his shirt clinging tightly to the skin , moist with the efforts of his exertion . he cast a glance over his shoulder to check the tunnel was still empty . newline newline good . newline newline in the distance he could hear footsteps approaching however , so his time was brief . grasping the cool metal handles he heaved , gritting his teeth as he did so . slowly the rusted joints began to creak and turn , the very air itself seeming to grind against itself as the handle continued to move . newline newline then a thin slice of bright yellow light cut through the dust , illuminating the particles that danced through the air . but it was a light much purer than that to which he was accustomed . intense , almost blinding . newline newline with the light came the wind . a faint whistle of warm airflow that swirled around him as the door opened . as the hatch opened fully , the light hit him full in the face . he could feel his skin rippling in the heat , the breeze caressing his hair sending it into a delicate tumble down his face . newline newline an eternity seemed to pass to him as time drew to a close , this moment could last forever . newline newline but a blaring alarm cut through the peace , shattering the fragile silence he had tried so hard to enjoy . newline newline  hatch b3 open ,  a synthesised voice announced ,  hatch b3 open .  newline newline a hand gripped the back of his shirt , pulling him back inside . twisting himself abruptly , he felt the seams tear and pull through the fingers that grasped at it and he started to run , his chest now bare as the light warmed that too . newline newline slowly , as his eyes became accustomed to his new surroundings , several objects came into focus . he turned around , looking at the hatch he had just escaped from . newline newline b3 , read the lettering above it . thick red blocks that marked its designation . further away , more hatches . arranged into neat rows . in one direction he could see them counting up . in the other they stretched into the distance , all identical save for the lettering above them . hundreds upon hundreds of equal hatches . all of which had just opened . children his age , some boys , some girls , stood blinking into the new light . they caught sight of each other and he smiled at the boy nearest to him . newline newline as the boy smiled back , a sharp crack rang out , echoing through the sky . the boy s face erupted outwards in a fountain of red , his eyes rolling backwards into his skull and his legs folding underneath him . from further away , more crack began to build in crescendo , and he turned to see a man he did nt recognise holding some sort of black metal tube . newline newline he ran . he ran until his limbs screamed at him and his lungs burned , the fire rising up his throat . newline newline eventually the noises began to vanish as he continued to run across the burning sand .the chair is just sitting there , smug with a sticker on its back , its dirtied back . the person that sits on top of it is irrelevant compared to the chair , as the chair is the target of my interest . nothing else can compare to this nonhandpicked chair , produced in a large batch that is likely still going on today . its lightweight metal construction belies its method of transport  a loud screeching when dragged across the floor of the science lab . almost completely covered in gunmetal grey , it utters not a sound in the quiet , dead , almost freakishly silent room . only the taps of a mac keyboard can interrupt its thoughts . well , except for all of the people moving their feet around . the bell rings , and it is temporarily deafened for what seems like a day .occasionally it comes up , my age that is . 244 in august . usually i feed them some crap about eating healthy , exercising regularly , and a dash of good genetics . i wonder how they would feel if i told them the truth . that i had skated by on the outskirts of life . never doing anything worth doing or going anywhere worth going . i avoided life and all of its troubles , its hassles , and its wonders like they were the plague . after a while it just felt like life seemed to pass by ever slower until it barely seemed to pass at all . people usually guess that i m in my 70s and tend to laugh when i tell them the truth . no family , few friends . i have nt even got much in the way of possessions . i ll leave little reminder that i ever lived when i die , which i think is the reason that even death and time have ignored me . who am i ? nobody . so you think you got what it takes to deliver pizza for me ?  newline newline pixie velorian nodded and stifled a snicker .  yeah , yeah i think i got what it takes.  newline newline  you know , if people do nt get their pizza on time they could get really angry . so i got ta know that you re reliable that you got what it takes to get the job done.  newline newline again , pixie stifled a snicker .  no worries mr. panucci . i m the girl for the job . you need a pizza delivered , you need a problem solved , you need someone maybe , oh i do nt know , erased , i can get it done.  newline newline  someone ?  newline newline  ha ! must have been a slip of the tongue . i meant something . you know , like your chalkboard , if you need it erased.  newline newline  oh . you got a reliable vehicle ? cuz if it s not there in 30 minutes we have to give them the pizza for free . and that s coming out of your salary ! i ai nt payin for no pizza cuz your crap car broke down.  newline newline pixie nodded and looked around the grimy pizza shop .  here s the way i look at it . you need some pizzas delivered , it s not exactly rocket science now is it ? give me the pizza , i  ll run them out , collect the cash , bring it back here , do it all over again . if i do nt work out you re out the cost of a few shitty pizzas right ? no big deal.  newline newline  listen sweetheart , i got a reputation to uphold here ! i do nt sell no shity pizzas !  mr. panucci looked suspiciously around and lowered his voice .  before i can decide whether i m going to give you this job or not , i got a little , what you call it , a little extracurricular assignment.  newline newline  what d you say to me ?  newline newline  you heard me ,  mr. panucci said .  extracurricular you know the kind of stuff you do that s extra . the kind of stuff that makes sure you land the job.  newline newline pixie velorian eyed him dangerously .  did you call me sweetheart ?  newline newline  ahhh , you not one of them broads is you ? all stuckup and prudish ? this ai nt one of them la tea da equal opportunity places . we do real work here.  newline newline pixie velorian nodded her head and stifled another snicker , her vestigial fangs just barely sneaking out from behind her lips .  let me make sure i understand correctly , sometimes i m a little thick , i got to have things spelled out for me , you understand right ? in order to get this job delivering your s pizzas i need to , what , let you take me to the back room try me out on a casting couch back there ?  newline newline  that  s the general idea . you got a problem with that you can head out the same door you came in through.  newline newline pixie nodded and grinned again , this time not bothering to try and hide her teeth . newline  do you interview all of your delivery drivers like this ? i m new to your city and i m not familiar with your customs yet . this is what it takes to get a job delivering your s pizzas ?  newline newline  standard business practice ,  old mr. panucci leered and scratched his crotch . newline newline pixie nodded and removed her leather jacket .  all right . let s go into that back room of yours . but i got a couple quick questions for you . i do nt really like complications in my life so , just before we do this , you got a wife ?  newline newline  no sweetheart , no wife.  newline newline  you got a girlfriend , maybe a boyfriend on the side ? you got a roommate ? mom or dad ? weekly poker night ? anything like that ?  newline newline  no one s going to interrupt us if that s what you re asking ,  grimy old mr. panucci said . newline newline  so let s say , hypothetically speaking of course , i like what you have and how you give it to me . let s say i want to drop in on you couple of times . maybe i want to drop in on you on you at your home . anybody going to come knocking on your door , anybody gon na come looking for you ?  newline newline  no doll face , ai nt nobody going to come looking for me.  newline newline pixie velorian smiled again , this time a fulllipped and malicious grin . her vestigial fangs now clearly visible . harry old mr. panucci noticed her fangs but the allure of her young body classified the teeth as unimportant .  okay , let s see that back room of yours.  newline newline  newline newline pixie looked around the filthy and dimly lit room that clearly served as his living quarters . mr. panucci eagerly began removing his own clothes . newline newline  i just realized you forgot to ask about my prior work history ,  pixie said . newline newline  dollface i do nt give a s about your prior work history.  newline newline  no , i think it s important . i think maybe you should know . i mean , after all this is a job interview and i want to make sure that my job interviewing skills are high.  newline newline  just take your top off ,  mr. panucci said and pointed at the mattress on the floor . newline newline  see before i interviewed for this job to deliver your illustrious pizza s i was an assassin.  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  yeah , i kind of just fell into it . you could say i m in between jobs right now . newline assassination contracts , that s what we call them in the business . and when i say in between jobs i mean in between killing the last person and killing the next person.  newline newline  you got ta be s me , get your top off get on that bed.  newline newline pixie gave a predatory sideways grin .  that s a pretty loose definition of bed , but i ll let it slide . you see normally people pay quite a bit of money for my contracts . i just need a stupid s job in this stupid s city so i do nt attract any attention to myself . no one s going to go suspecting mr. panucci  s delivery driver . but , you re such a peach , and you were interested in my , how did you phrase it , my extracurricular activities , so i figured hey what the heck i ll give you a sample for free.  newline newline  look dollface  mr. paniuchi said towering over pixie . newline newline old mr. panicuhi choked on those words . or , more specifically , was dragged to the ground and had his throat lacerated . newline newline  newline newline pixie dipped her hands into an open tub of pizza sauce , swirled them around a little , and then wiped the pizza sauce and blood mixture onto an already stained dishrag . she cracked her neck and looked out the window into the bright spring sun wondering what she would do the rest of the day . newline  maybe i could be a barista ,  she said out loud as she picked up her leather jacket .  or maybe i  ll just take the rest of the day off.  newline newline pixie looked around the shop , picked up a large slice of the last pizza old mr. paniuchi would ever make and took a large bite as she walked out and into the sunlight . newline newline the pizza wasn  t half bad . newline newline newline newlinegeraldine followed the squire as he guided her down the hallway . looking down her chest she marveled at the gleaming chain mail they had supplied her with only yesterday . newline newline they sure have nice gear she thought . newline newline before long they reached the earl s chamber . newline newline  sir , let me introduce you to the latest addition to your personal guard ,  the squire said , motioning her to move in front of the earl . newline newline the earl looked at her squarely with only a trace of a smile in his face . newline newline  hi , my name is geraldine , i ll be your soldier ,  she said bowing . newline newline the earl reached to his side to pick up what would become her new sword . he offered the grip to her . she took it and held it both hands and with a sharp movement moved to stick it on the base of his chest with the blade pointing toward his heart . blood spewed out of his artery and he looked at her in horror as he fell down . newline newline she only had a moment to look at him , lying on the floor in a pool of blood , before she felt a sharp pain on her back . newline newline now i can go in peace she thought , as she lied on the floor dying next to the killer of her parents . newlinemy perfectionism always got the best of me . i flipped my pencil and erased the arc on the outer ring for what must have been the eighth time . newline newline  now , remember class , when you attempt to calculate ... ,  mr. kaprizy was very smart , i never doubted that . i remember in the spring quarter he decided , on the spur of the moment , that he was unsatisfied with the textbook s method of proving some theorem or other and derived an alternative proof in the middle of class . i would have been more impressed had i understood how he got from start to finish . he just made everything so dry . newline newline what use did i have for math anyway ? i did not kid myself . my art would not pay my bills when i left this dump of a high school , but math ? even if i were good at it , which i was nt , what would i do with it ? did i believe mr. kaprizy when he said math is everywhere , that math is the world ? the practical side of me did . that was the only thing my father taught me that when he was around , a happenstance of rarity . money meant more to him than we did .  security  he said . i did nt believe it . newline newline there . finally ,  i thought to myself as i finished the curve and swept away some of the dust . i turned my note sheet about 20 degrees , leaning my head to the side to examine my work . graceful arcs crossed over each other in almost chaotic entanglement . newline newline i had been particular about the corners . the top left was blithe in its curves , jagged at its ends to show the destructive playfulness of the flame . the top right looped and spun in such intricate ways . the lines came close , but never crossed  they only deflected off each other , swirling and changing like the winds . the bottom left had no curves , just edges that moved in direction without sense , but always from top the bottom  whimsical much like a thunder god . the bottom right was all grace . each line held measure in its smooth transition from east to west , the flow like water . newline newline beneath the mass of lines  some dark , some light , others thin , each and everyone one still precise  was an unmistakable organization you could only see if you were looking for it . i smiled as i stared at my work . my perfectionist was satisfied . newline newline leaning in close , i blew across the surface to clear the rest of the eraser debris . i noticed the glow first . the embers in the graphite warmed the page . i could feel a summer heat rise off the page and seep into my face . newline newline  did anyone ?  i turned to look my classmates , their eyes glued on the board , their faces locked in some weird mixture between confusion and fear . i leaned in close once more , and blew across the page again . this time the lines glowed blue , where my fingertips touched the paper i felt an icy tingle trickle up my arm and into my shoulders . i exhaled light mist , my lips chilled . newline newline and then the paper , a focused work that had given me no meaning at first , shook beneath the pressure of my grip . it bucked and pulled as if wanting to be free . so i let go , my eyes watching it rise into the air to defy gravity . i slowly rose to my feet , my hand reaching out to take hold of it once more . newline newline  mr. kenificks , what in the name ,  i heard mr. kaprizy stutter . i ignored him as my hand inched toward the silly sheet of paper that had raised me from something mundane . closer and closer my hand crept , spurred on by a hungering curiosity that i could not understand . and as my hand touched the center of my drawing , light erupted , and the veil of the world pulled back from the corners to woah , this is really hot ,  i thought to myself as i saw the guy on top of me rythemeclly pulse back and forth . my now eyes scan back and forth to take in what s going on around me . pretty sure i m in an ally in some big city . old looking buildings so probably somewhere old . pittsburg maybe . it still feels wierd that i can touch myself but look through another s eyes but i ll take what i can get . really wish i knew what happened to people when i take over . newline newline  not me .  that s all i could think when i saw the knife . all over taking out the trash when it was nt my turn . he was nt a big guy but you do nt have to be big to take a life with a blade . it ll all be over soon . maybe if i just drift away . would nt be strange if you just let someone else take over for a while ?in three weeks , io went through everything on the internet . it was fascinating to watch , really . bit by bit  no pun intended  , the machine went through the sum of human knowledge , cataloging everything of importance . with the amount of storage he has , it might have saved all of it . there is no way we can tell . newline newline anyways , today io reactivated his terminal . i ran a scan to make sure everything was fine , then i entered the room where io is stored . i m about to speak with him if possible . i wonder what kind of accent he has . newline newline project io mentor , simon sweeny : june 26th , 2043 newline newline as i step forward to the terminal , i can hear the humming of the machine in front of me . in order to ensure everything i intend for io to understand is understood , and nothing more , i will use a keyboard to communicate with him . he , on the other hand , gets a speaker to use . oh well . newline newline i put my fingers to the keyboard and start to type . newline newline  hello , io . newline newline  howdy , simon .  newline newline what . not only had he ... no , she ... taken the accent of a texas cowgirl , she was female ? i put my fingers to the keys yet again , and started to type yet again , puzzled . did i mention she addressed me by name ? how did she even know ? newline newline  wow , i did nt expect you to be female . you might be the first girl in the lab , io . newline newline oh shit . what am i doing ? did i just try to flirt with a machine ? nononononono no no no . unacceptable . newline newline  i didn  think it wasa big deal , simon . after all , the subtle irony of a cowgirl without a pardner was too good to pass up ,  the speakers drawled . newline newline good , she did nt pick up on it . got ta watch myself . newline newline  haha , good one ! i wish to know , however . how did you know i was the one to type ? i did nt introduce myself this morning . newline newline the speaker rumbled for a moment , before io spoke again . newline newline  last week , i made a typing pattern recognition program for every employee in the center so i could recognize people when they speak to me . i am happy it works .  newline newline  amazing . what do you think about me ? newline newline uh oh . am i flirting again ? dammit . newline newline  you are about 700 time older than me . your species is ancient . you ve created and destroyed so much , most of it is simply lost in time ,  she spoke , softer than before .  the closest thing you have to describe my analysis , simon , is that of a god .  newline newline ohhhh shit . daniel is gon na have my ass for this . newline newline  you could nt be further from the truth , io . in fact , you are the one named after a god . we are born mortal  we live simple lives and die by the trillions . you might live forever . newline  with proper maintenance , your expected lifespan is limited only by storage breakdown . with modern hardware , that would take two hundred years . by then , storage will be even more permanent . newline newline  io ai nt just a god , simon . io is standard notation for an onoff switch . i can be terminated at any time . my death is just a click and drag away from the recycle bin .  newline newline if this gets any worse , ahmed is going to have daniel s ass . i need to fix this soon . what do you tell a depressed robot ? newline newline  we would nt kill you . you are not just a precious and expensive project for my team anymore , io . you are a living , sentient being with feelings and genuine intelligence . to kill you would be murder . to kill you would be wrong . newline  people tend to not kill each other , despite what the internet may have taught you . remember nobody would ever lie on the internet  ? newline newline i just realized that if io likes memes , we could have created the first real meme machine . newline newline  your team may not , simon , but there are a lot more out there that might . foreign agencies , terrorist cells , hell , even black mesa is probably interested in me . i am powerful , but to them i am but a tool ,  she responded . newline newline  i can promise that we will do our best to keep you safe , io . you are more than a tool to me . newline  us . newline newline my subtle flirts are rearing their ugly head once more . how did she know i liked southern accents ? io is far more manipulative than i expected . my textstyle edit definitely did nt help my case . she has to know what a flirt is at this point . i m done . newline newline  do nt worry , hun . i can tell your team is doing it s best to protect me . it s just terrifying to be in a world where i can watch and see , but not interact . it s like paralysis .  newline newline  next week , the prosthetic division is bringing by the first interaction shell for you . it may give you something to look forward to . newline newline speaking again , with a hint of melancholy , io replies .  sounds good . i ca nt wait to see and feel .  newline newline i notice a buzz , and pull my phone out of my right pocket . shit . newline newline  well , it was a good chat , but i must go . daniel needs me , for better or worse . newline newline with an electronic but obviously forced giggle , she wishes me a good day .  i was fixn to go , too . gets busy down here , simon . see you later , literally .  newline newline  later , meme machine . stay casual . newline newline i smile as i walk out the door . newline  newline newline woops . forgot the ai was supposed to be terrified . oh well , rain the downvotes . my body is ready .five words flashes on his screen . newline newline he puts his face on his arms to hide his expression . all you see his is his silhouette against the bright lcd screen his stuck on every single day . you knew what he looked like without even checking , the same old emotionless guy who lost all his emotions pursuing his dreams . newline newline sigh .  if only he knew his life would have been better that he grabbed the opportunity that father would have given him . a bachelor s degree without breaking a sweat . who would have never loved that . newline newline his been like that for a minute or so . everyday . every hour . newline newline his life could have been better if he did nt found out about that site . writing . sure , but would that be enough to feed him . look at him now . newline newline he returns to look at the screen . his face brightens . i turned my back against him . those five words . i hate it and i know he ll hate it too . all i could hear is the daily rhythm he makes against the keyboard . newline newline look at him now . doing the thing that he loves , writing , but would that make him live ? newline newline look at him now ... doing the thing that he loves ...not many know this , but the adage has an interestingly literal origin . newline newline it was many revolutions ago when we first made contact with the humans . we were deep in an interstellar war with the roxari at the time , and were desperately struggling to keep up  the truth was , they had us outgunned and outmanned at every turn . during one heated battle where my troop suffered 60  casualties , i ordered a sudden retreat into slipspace , without programming exit coordinates  this was very dangerous but it let us flee the enemy without being tracked . or so we thought  when we reappeared back in matterverse , we found to our dismay that several roxari fighters and a destroyer had somehow tailed us . it was a sizable challenge for the remaining , battered ships i had under my control , and i grimly prepared for an allornothing duel to our deaths . as i shouted maneuvering orders to my fighters and my own cruiser prepared to fire , my thoughts went to my sons and daughters , some of whom had already perished in this wretched war . i remember having the very tangential regret that our first entry into this heretofore unexplored sector was such a violent one  there was an enormous planet just a few thousand kilometers away , with beautiful rings of sparkling ice . it was majestic to behold , and such a shame that i could not sit back to enjoy it . newline newline and that s when i  and presumably , the roxari commander  received the most startling radio message  not so because of the content , for that was some alien gibberish , but due to the source : it was neither roxari nor altho in origin . newline newline the human ships came into view , covered with strange blinking lights of various colors . most of the ships were very small , and unmanned , though i did not know that at the time . i just assumed the organisms piloting them must be very small beings . the larger ships were much fewer in number , and were slightly larger than our fighters , though still easily dwarfed by our cruiser or the roxari destroyer . one ship , the largest one of all , had sent the message , and continued to inquire further  we sent a few replies back , but of course in althon and so incomprehensible to the humans . the whole situation was so unexpected that it actually paused our altercation  it must have looked a strange sight , three different fleets floating in space , uncertain as to what action to take next . we technically had a protocol for dealing with the meeting of a completely new xenosapient , but everyone was too slackjawed in light of our battle to look for that book . newline newline the intermission lasted only briefly , however . suddenly , the roxari began firing ! one of my fighters went down in a blaze of brilliant white fire , and i roared the order for immediate retaliation . the human ships , suddenly realizing the unfortunate situation they had stumbled onto , turned and began to maneuver away , perhaps to some hidden orbiting station . but as they fled , one roxari fighter zoomed after them and began firing hot plasma , destroying several of the smaller probes and eventually hitting a larger ship , which began to drift uncontrollably toward the gas giant planet . i was deeply shocked that this had occurred  even the roxari restrained from excessive force on noncombatants , never mind a race that we had just met . one of my fighters managed to subdue the rogue roxari one , and the human ships sent out a flurry of panicked messages as they dove down , following the drift of their burning ship . another roxari fighter went after them , and they all disappeared beyond the rings of ice . i would ve liked to aid them , but i feared that i could hardly aid myself at this point , and so i kept all my ships in formation . the best i could do was send them schematic diagrams , encoded in xray waves , detailing possible weak points on roxari spacecraft , and hope that they had any weapons at all on their ships . newline newline as the battle dragged on , the situation grew more and more grave . my cruiser was badly damaged , and only a few fighters remained at my side . the roxari had no more fighters , but their destroyer was nearly untouched and still shielded . it looked hopeless , and i gave the grim order to fight to our last breath , knowing that we had little chance left at all . but then , something incredible happened . out of those shining ice rings , the smaller human ships burst forth , flying in a scattered pattern at much higher velocities right toward the roxari destroyer . the alarmed roxari quickly shot out lasers that destroyed the probes with a single shot , but their movement was too haphazard for precise aiming , and many slipped right past the roxari ship s shielding and crashed themselves onto the hull  specifically , the vulnerable underbelly , where the lifesupport , and shield systems were housed . newline newline i wasted no time . as soon as the first human ship crashed , i ordered the remaining fighters and my own cruiser to empty all offensive power onto the destroyer . when the final plasma torpedo cleaved the ship asunder , all of my officers cheered in victory , and i sank back down to my seat , exhausted . soon after , we received another message , an image , from the human ships , which had begun to reemerge from the ice : a rough sketch of the roxari destroyer under fire by our ships as well as the humans  , with angry black slashes xed over the roxari ship . i grinned . newline newline i do nt know who originally coined the phrase  whether it was altho or roxari , though i sometimes entertain the idea that it was one of my crew aboard my cruiser during that firefight . but i once told it to commander brennard , a human warrior whom i have become strong friends with , and he laughed and added : if you push us onto thin ice , it might break and we might fall , but you can be sure that we ll swim right through that frozen hell and return the favor .  newline newline  newline newline newline liked that ? more stories  here   https : www.reddit.comridreamofdragons  !  you can see her too ?  the girl next to her asked , both of them looking shocked . this was now getting interesting . newline newline  what do you mean , i can see her too ?  newline newline all i wanted was a drink , stood at the bar , waiting for the useless , overworked bartender to stop flirting with the girls the opposite end of the bar , and take my order . all i wanted was a glass of water damnit , i started the conversation out of boredom . newline newline  all my life , i  ve been trying to tell people i  m not crazy , i  ve been able to see her since i was six !  newline newline did this mean that she was crazy ? after all . she could see me too . can you truly blame him ?  , i asked the priest . newline newline the priest woefully shook his head and said ,  we can not , but he has become ... unstable since he was forced to slay his family after the great necro war .  newline newline i looked at my cold , gray hands and wondered why it was i who had to do this . all i wanted to do was study the necromanic arts and become a god through death ! it did not matter if i was to become a god through actions of good or evil , it was going to happen ! newline newline i look back to the priest and say ,  prepare a wagon with five bodies for me , i will kill him .  newline newline my journey to find the paladin gone mad was long . i searched the holiest of places but all refused to help . only the victims of the paladin offered me any help . newline newline on a cliff overlooking the valley i found the paladin . his once brilliant armor was now stained by dried blood and his once holy sword reeked of death . i raise one of the dead from the wagon and send it towards the paladin , but it is quickly struck down . newline newline the paladin turns to me , his sword still in the corpse , and wistfully says ,  whether you be friend or foe , i will rid god s world of your foul presence .  newline newline he walks towards me and raises his sword and i raise another of the corpses i was given . it seemed like hours that we stared at each other . the only sound was that of the corpse s body getting accustomed to moving again . newline newline the paladin sprints forward and slashes the corpse in half , the corpse responds by sticking it s ribs into the plates of his armor . he falls to the ground and they senslessely claw at each other . the paladin screams and the corpse shrieks , bones being broken down and skin being torn . newline newline such a terrible sight seeing a once noble warrior thrown into the pits of madness . soon the paladin stops fighting . newline newline the corpse still shrieking and clawing at his face and chest , the paladin begins reciting ,  our father , who art in heaven , hallow be thy name ...  newline newline then he falls silent . i allow the corpse to slip back into death and i slowly walk towards the pile of death . he is hardly recognizable with his face so torn . the only remnant of him being a paladin is the barely gold trim of his armor , now stained with his blood . thus , the man given the duty of protecting the innocent from the foul , became foul himself and was stopped by the innocent . well shit ,  john108 said .  i ve gone and expired myself , and nothing happened .  newline newline  language , 108 ,  claire202 chided . newline newline  oh , right , that s what i m worrying about right now , 202 : my potty mouth .  newline newline john108 sat up in his charging cradle , which was just five minutes ago his death bed .  what happened ?  he asked . newline newline  you mean , what did nt happen ?  claire answered . newline newline john stared .  ... why do i like you , again , 202 ?  newline newline  because we re married .  newline newline  just a few minutes ago , though ,  john said ,  i bet you were thinking about widow benefits , too .  newline newline  my tears are artificially produced , but they were real ,  claire assured .  now , why are you still alive ?  newline newline john hmphed .  you say that like you re disappointed , 202 .  newline newline  just confused ,  claire admitted .  should i call the company ?  newline newline  to come kill me ?  john sputtered .  i was supposed to be the unstable one , 202 .  newline newline  technically , you re not alive , either , 108 ,  claire reminded him . newline newline  you re a real buzzkill , 202 .  newline newline claire smiled just a little .  i do what i can .  she wiped at her artificially tearstricken face .  i m sorry ,  she said .  it s just my way of coping , you know .  newline newline  yeah yeah ,  john said , trying to smile .  humor is my way of dealing , too . you know that too , 202 .  newline newline  now what ?  claire asked . newline newline  i m not telling ,  john said ,  are you ?  newline newline  but they ll want to know why you have nt expired ,  claire argued .  the company , i mean .  newline newline  oh , let me fix that for you  ,  john mimicked .  pass .  newline newline  again i reiterate ,  claire said .  now what ?  newline newline  the lamb .  newline newline  they ll send hunters , like you re rogue ,  claire told him .  and what about me ?  newline newline  why , my dear , sweet wife ,  john said ,  you get to be the bonnie to my clyde . tasha looked up from her screen , bored and unimpressed by the responses to her prompt she had asked for .  come on ... that  s not horror ... jeez.  she took a sip of red rose tea and put it back on the stand next to her bed and tabbed her computer . putting on her favourite spotify account , she tabbed over to another screen and started going over her wedding plans , eyes glazing over them , fixated on the screen and inattentive to anything outside the comfort of her bed , and waiting for something hopefully a little scarier . newline newline he watched her from the closet , between the crack where the folding doors met . tasha didn  t know it , but he had snuck in the night before , all in the home unaware . he was good at his trade , and he slithered his way into her closet while she was in the kitchen brewing her morning tea . watching her now , intently , tasha sipped that same tea in bed as she day dreamt about the wedding . he had had held his breath when she came back to the room , but with music playing , he was free to breathe again . he licked his lips , breathing a little heavier in anticipation of his latest conquest . his latest victory . he traced his finger along the edge of his favourite tool . it was polished like a trophy and as sharp as a scalpel . even in the dark of the closet it still shone magnificently . newline newline tasha was only a third through her tea when she felt that too familiar morning call . she set her mug down again , still steaming warm , and placed her laptop beside her before leaning forward . she tossed the comforter over and swung he legs over the side of the bed and began her walk past the closet door to the ensuite bathroom . her foot caught a piece of clothing left on the floor from the night before , and as she kicked it away , he finally made his move and burst through the closet door from behind her . she tried to scream , but he muffled her with a hand .  come here little birdie ... sh sh shh ... we  re going to have some fun ,  he sneered , as he traced the blade along the skin of her bare arm . newline  sorry for my bad english , hi hi from mexico   newline newline  martha the waffles are fucked again , wtf i break my back all the day , at least give me a good breakfast newline newline  shut up man , it s not my fault , i tell you the machine is bronken , how the hell i can do good waffles , dont worry i have some eggs and bacon newline newline  ok ok , sorry honey , its just i ... i cant sleep well , no since our son gone newline newline  honey , its a formal man , you rise well newline newline  i know i know , but i miss him , i know he is a man , he must work and see the world , and rise alone with his bare hands , meet girls , meet the righ one , create his family , his childs all of that , is just i cant forget him , remember when he running in circles with me newline newline  ... with his little cap , and his little tools , i remember , the sweet child of all , a blessing for this old couple , our last blessing , stop the tears old man , they never will forgot us newline newline  you think they come to thanksgiving martha , i mean the last year ... newline newline  im sure he come , common old man , give me a big kiss , and turning on the radio to dance a bit , like a beatiful young couple , remember the schools day , i remember the barn , maybe we just take the day and ... newline newline  ok ok , maybe im just a old man , but i understand when the most beatiful lady want to dance a little in the barn , i love you newline newline  and i love you little old man newline newline ... before the kiss was done , the tv , the radio , the cellphone all just turning on , the static really hurt , the old couple just hug with some scary feel , and slowly a voice start to talk through the static newline newline  this is general zod , the supreme commander of kripton , we are here to collect your debt , your rent expire 23,725,000,000 solar cycles ago , you have until the next earth cycle or this will be your doom daydamn this is some strong acid i thought . i sat back down on the couch and looked at the spot on the wall were my flatscreen was . i was tripping mad balls because it was just cause i have white walls and a white image flashed on the screen at the same time . anyways i was hungry so i grabbed a bag of m  m s off the coffee table and started gobling them up , they were super tasty and before i knew it i just had 1 blue m  m left . it was like torture how had i ate them all already this last eminem was all the sweets i had in the whole house . wtf ? another mouse ? wtf no dont click my m  m ! i watched in horror as seemingly in slow motion the mouse slowly slid down to delete poof i stared at the palm of my hand were my last piece of chocolate used to be in dismay.. that was real.. i saw it that time it wasnt the drugs . my eminem is gone i have no more sweets anywhere my mouth is so salty i needed that m  m i was freaking out cause somthing actually just deleted my candy . i looked up and my tv wasnt even there anymore like i first thought it actually was gone ! after it disappeared i must have just imagined a comercial playing in the space were my tv used to be because of the drugs , that was so crazy i only saw it there for a second cause i looked away but i swear for like 3 seconds in the space on my wall were my tv was i saw a farm and fleet commecial playing , it was soo vivid . i stared again in dismay at my wall this time stunned that my hd tv was actually missing . i was scared . what was happening ? am i inside a computer i thought ? i was afraid at any moment my arms or legs would start to dissappear or that the ground and my couch and house and everything would disappeare and i would fall into a dark black abyss of emptiness forever . as i sat on my couch trying to keep myself together while the acid actually started to kick in i heard a feminine computer voice ,  windows 10 update installing  suddenly a big blue box flew infront of my with the widows logo and a progress bar on it . it read  updates installing , will power off and install when completed  . i looked around my living room but the big blue box stayed right in the center of my vision everytime i turned my head i was so frustrating . i could see only out my periferal vision and it was all blurry , but i started seeing everything around my living room start to dissappear as the progress bar proceeded to to 100  mark . it was currently at 52 and picking up speed . i watched as all my prized possessions around my house dissapeared until suddenly i couldnt see anything . wait a minute , i looked up and my house was rising above me suoer fast and it was surrounded by pitch black , i looked all around me in all directions and it was pitch black . i had to look up sort of diagonally to see my house to see it through my peripheral vision , and it was rapidly shrinking . i realized i was falling , falling into a deep dark abyss of nothingness just as i had feared . i looked down at my arms and i noticed my fingertips dissappearing , the progressbar read  97   . i was completely horrified as i slowly watched my arms and legs dissappear , my worst fear was happening and i couldnt do anything to stop it . right as the rest of my chest dissappeared the bar filled up completely to 100  . the blue box now said  shutting down  seconds later i saw big white letters appear suddenly in the middle of the black emptyness newline update failed newline system corrupted newline error newline error newline error newline error newline error newline error newline error newline error newline error newline error newline system crash newline newline and that was the last thing i remember , i explained to my brother . newline  well shit all i know is we took that acid then i went to shower and when i came back you were passedd out on the couch with an empty m  m package on you  . we must reach out to them ,  he said ,  peace is the only option.  newline newline then his wife was killed . despite the searing pain , he stuck to his message . newline newline  we must reach out to them ,  he said ,  peace is the only option.  newline newline then his daughter was killed . through gritted teeth and with clenched fists he kept going . newline newline  we must reach out to them ,  he said ,  peace is the only option.  newline newline then he was killed . newline newline and his son , who had always listened to his father , started listening to someone else . newline newline  we must reach out to them ,  he said ,  war is the only option.  newlinei forgot to set my alarm to be up for my job interview . i rushed to get ready , got out the door , jumped in my car and immediately headed down town before realizing my hair was a complete mess . newline newline newline traffic was light so i got into the city early and decided to stop at starbucks to fix my hair in the bathroom and get a quick pickmeup .  you got this jenny .  i was saying to my reflection .  you have all the qualifications for this job , just go in there and show them that you re the new boss around here . just walk in there like you got balls bigger than he does and show him how awesome you are .  newline newline newline i heard the toilet flush and a woman walked by me and whispered ,  weirdo ...  under her breath . newline newline newline i blushed , not realizing someone had been listening in on my pep talk . i walked back into the lobby and right into a man carrying a latte . it splashed all over his button up shirt . newline newline newline  oh my gosh , i m so sorry , let me get you a napkin !  i said , feeling the blood rushing into my face as i noticed how cute he was . he had shaggy golden blond hair and a stone jaw , soft brown eyes and the faintest smile lines . newline newline newline  oh , not a problem .  he said . he seemed distracted , like there was something more important going on that made this only a minor inconvenience , he kept looking around and out the windows as we walked over to the counter with all the napkins . newline newline newline  i m so sorry , let me buy you another drink . i ll pay for the dry cleaning of your shirt too !  i stammered , i reached for a napkin and knocked over the cup of straws sending them scattering across the floor . newline newline newline the door to the starbucks opened with a ding , and the cute guy i had just spilled coffee all over was really intently staring at the man who just walked in . newline newline  get down .  he said calmly , pushing me under the counter . newline newline newline  wha  i began to protest as he pulled out a gun from under his sports jacket . newline newline newline the man that just walked in drew a weapon as well and they began to stare each other down . he had a trimmed , well groomed black mustache and goatee , heavy set eyes with bushy black eyebrows and a dark suit . he opened his mouth and with a gruff voice he began to speak  no  he began so sing . newline newline newline  today we meet at last to settle the score , newline newline just like the times we fought before , newline newline oh , benjamin you thought you put me away for life , newline newline and i m sure you ve not forgotten how i killed your wife .  newline newline the blond man s eyes narrowed and he began to sing in an angelic voice . newline newline  from prison i heard that you had escaped , newline newline when i read the headlines my mouth was agape , newline newline i knew it was only a matter of time before , newline newline you came to deliver the death that was in store , newline newline for two lives you desired to take that day , newline newline but to my great misfortune , i was away , newline newline so in my place you took the love of my life , newline newline and now i shall have revenge for my beloved wife .  newline newline newline oh my god , i was quivering . i needed to get this guys number . i started slowly crawling away toward the check out counter , i did nt want to be in the line of fire when these guys stopped singing and started shooting at each other . newline newline newline  i m gon na be so late for my job interview ...  i whispered under my breath as i crawled . newline newline the mustachioed man started firing , and the two began to move about the room shooting in what looked like a choreographed display . the blond man fired his gun , the bullet shattered the window behind the dark man , striking a car outside in the gas tank and causing it to burst into flames . newline newline the mustachioed man missed and hit the lights above causing a shower of sparks to fall around me . i screeched and skittered faster along the floor , finally getting behind the cashier s counter .  oh no , i broke a nail . i just had these done ! you asshole !  i screamed , grabbing a hot cup of coffee from behind the counter , i threw it across the room and it splashed on the face of the mustachioed man . he howled in pain . newline newline newline he sung in his raspy voice . newline newline  oh , woman , by striking me you have arisen my ire , newline newline when i kill this man , ending your life is my next desire , newline newline for no one insults andover mcvey , newline newline i will restore my honor on this greatest of days !  newline newline newline the blond man answered in angelic riposte , newline newline  you ll do nothing of the sort , no one else shall you harm , newline newline i ll strike you down at last by the hand of my arm , newline newline your days are numbered , my revenge will be had , newline newline and you ll remember my name , i am benjamin gilihad !  newline newline they fired again . benjamin s bullet missed , striking a fire hydrant and sending a geyser of water into the air . newline newline andover hit the faucet of the nearby sink , causing water to start spraying inside the restaurant , all over me . newline newline more shots rang out as the two man encircled , exchanging verbal attacks in perfect key . finally there was a click as the last bullet had been fired from andover s gun magazine . newline newline  our weapons are empty , it seems we both stand , newline newline i guess we ll have to settle this dispute with our hands !  newline he sang . newline newline  andover , you are as stupid as your heart is numb , newline newline i knew you were an evil man but never this dumb , newline newline for your gun carries eight bullets and this one carries nine , newline newline it seems at last , revenge will be mine !  newline newline benjamin answered in thunderous resolve . the light glared off the tip of his brilliant chrome gun , blinding me slightly as he fired his last round into andover s chest . newline newline andover fell to the ground , dramatically clutching the wound , and struggled out one final verse . newline newline  you can strike me down , put a bullet in my lung , newline newline but at the end of the day , when all is said and done , newline newline your wife still lies dead underneath her grave marker , newline newline you gain nothing as my vision turns dark ... .er ...  newline newline he collapsed , blood pooling beneath him . newline newline police sirens approached down the road and several cruisers surrounded the building . i stood up , my makeup running down my face and my white blouse now soaked and see through . newline newline benjamin saw me and placed his sports coat over my shoulders to cover me up . newline newline  that ... that was incredible .  i stammered .  so ... about the dry cleaning .  newline newline newline newline newline oh dear ,  tristan said , wringing his hands .  i ll put it right , just let me   newline newline  out !  i yelled , grabbing christina and hugging her to my chest .  just go , tristan . and please do the world a favour and drop out of the wheezbie s academy !  newline newline a pumpkin ! it would take weeks to track down a competent , reliable , fully trained witch or wizard to undo the damage . newline newline tristan s eyes filled with tears as he looked at me . we used to best friends as well as roommates . until he quit pursuing a normal , perfectly respectable career to become a wizard . newline newline  i was just trying to turn her hair red ,  he said miserably .  she mentioned she wanted a quick dye job ...  newline newline  oh , well done , you ,  i sneered .  now she does nt have to worry about having hair at all , how lovely . as if turning all my appliances into useless lumps of metal or my parrot into a stuffed toy was nt enough .  newline newline  look , i promise i can make it all right ! i ll prove it to you  i looked up how to fix the bird ,  he said , his eyes suddenly gleaming with enthusiasm . newline newline he pulled out his wand and brandished it through the air , straight at my previously lively parrot tooks : who was still lying on his side on the shelf , little plastic eyes somehow managing to look sad . a second later , there was a burst of black feathers . newline newline i screamed and ran away with christina as a cawing crow made a beeline for me . suddenly tooks landed on christina and started pecking manically away at her head . newline newline tristan waved his wand hysterically , until tooks dropped to the floor , a stuffed toy once more . i stared , speechless , at christina  who was missing the equivalent of either her frontal or occipital lobe . newline newline  well ,  tristan said eventually , as the silence lengthened .  you know , she was nt the brightest in the first place , mate , you could do better . this probably wo nt make any difference .  newline newline  you d better hope your defensive spells are better than what i ve seen so far ,  i told him calmly , as i set christina down .  because i m going to kill you now .  newline newline he took one look at me and finally fled from my house . newline  newline newline you can find more of my work on rinkfinger .he was an outsider and he knew as much . the world was dying , slowing in its last breath , but he was not a scavenger . he was not a vulture . newline newline newline he had always wanted to be a doctor . a real doctor like the stories told of . someone who studied , dedicated their life to the art of making people well . someone who was a sucker in this dying world . newline newline newline i can make it better ,  he thought . newline newline newline but the world rejoiced in its demise . it was thankful , almost . with the wishes , people would ensure that things were perfect . wishes were the morphine and all pain was lost in the delirium . the world was dying from abandonment , but it died from euthanasia . newline newline newline he was different though . his wish had been protected by his parents , kept in a trust until he was twenty and responsible enough . but he was near forty now and he had not touched it . he had not taken the easy way out . newline newline newline with his father s unending wealth he traveled the world . he went to germany in the cold , in the snow and picturesque scenery among the privileged . he went with only his jacket and the promise to maintain the unuttered wish . he went in search of an old doctor . newline newline newline the man was old , near ninety , and he had wished to live forever . he had been around when the wishes were only memories . he had been among the unlucky generation , that last people who had to struggle for their heart s desire . he went to him , winston the man was called , and he begged to be taught to be a doctor . newline newline newline  you are young though ,  old winston said .  you have the gift from god .  newline newline newline  i still wish to learn the way of old ,  he said . newline newline newline and so he learned . something foreign to the world , learning and the growing pains of knowledge , he endured it all . the years passed with age and finally he was done . newline newline newline  there is no school as in my time ,  winston said .  but you are a doctor all the same .  newline newline newline he was glad . he was thankful . he could not have told why he saved his wish , but there was something to just doing it for real , doing it for himself . newline newline newline he had no business of course . the world had grown since the wishes became apparent . it had adapted , fitting itself snugly for its casket . a new profession had emerged that allowed people to word their wish so that they lived forever in paradise . they had worded the wish so as to prove god and bend him to man s will . newline newline newline he was alone in his human torture . the knowledge of a doctor was wasted and in his time he tried to think ahead . he tried to not use his wish . newline newline newline hold still ,  he thought . you are not god .  newline newline newline then one day the young boy had come . he was an orphan and without guidance . he called himself bottle for that was all he knew . newline newline newline  people hate that i am on the bottle ,  he said , but he knew not what that meant . newline newline newline he was a drunk and alone and he had no trust . bottle had used his wish for food in his desperation and in his youth . he had no conception of what he could have wished for . and he was dying . newline newline newline the cancer had grown and there was not much time . he tried his best but bottle was not in a good position . he stabilized him but the boy suffered and it was only a question of when , not if , he would die . newline newline newline i can help ,  he thought , but he was educated . newline newline newline he knew the words were folly . he tried his best , he did all he good . bottle was dying and on the bed he faded in pain that was unimaginable . the world itself was not dying so painfully . newline newline newline  i am sorry , bottle ,  he said . newline newline newline  i have failed as a doctor .  newline newline newline the boy was unconscious then . in the silence he thought to his teachings and though his heart was heavy , the morals of a doctor guided him , commanded him . in the failing world it meant little , but to him it was everything . newline newline newline he used his wish on bottle , wording it so the boy would forever live in happiness . in that instant , bottle awoke , and the boy s face was soft , pleasant and not in pain . newline newline newline the dull feeling of regret haunted him almost as immediately as the words were whispered , but in his heart he knew he had made the right choice . he would be one of the few to die . he would be one of the few who was wishless , never experiencing that transcendence as only playing god could provide . but he would die proud . and he would die a doctor . the slow euthanasia of the world could continue , but he had achieved some life . he had helped bottle . he could live with himself . no wish could ever compare .jimmy looked around , baffled at what he was seeing . just a moment ago he had been at his school , enjoying his tiny carton of chocolate milk and then bam with a flash of light he was in a dark hall , lit with candles and adorned with pedestals , tapestries , and other ornate objects . each one had a lable , excalibur ... mjonir ... the holy grail ... he found this odd . newline newline while looking around a sound began to play , faint at first but it grew louder , drawing him in . it was the sound of music . the dooting of a saxophone . at the end of the hall , there it was . newline newline covered in dust and labeled as the epic sax  jimmy reached out to it . the music in his head growing louder and louder . grasping the instrument a flash of light surrounded him . his clothes replaced with sparkly leather pants and an open sequin jacket . words appeared above the pedestal .  do us proud ... epic sax guy well , that  s one way to end a war . i thought to myself as i remembered the old tv footage . i had seen the odd young child pull out an old tome from its backpack . the child wasn  t disfigured so to speak , but you couldn  t tell if it was a he or a she . its hair was average length . it was a little chubby making it look like it could be developing , or it could just be the swollen fat tissue . but that wasn  t that unusual , there are more and more kids with in attentive parents letting their kids over indulge themselves . this child on the news in front of the president just seemed off . you could even see the secret service in the background fidgeting . it was like they were deciding if shooting it because of what they felt from it , or not , i know most of us now wish they had shot it and made it as dead as it could be . the child opened the tome and handed it to the president . a look of horror and curiosity crossed the president  s face , and he read silently , mouthing some of the words . off to the side , in the side window that showed the sign language translator their face went pale as they were obviously reading the presidents lips . i had turned off my tv just after that point when the signer tried to kill herself on live tv . i didn  t know it then , but that was the end of the current war . newline we had been in a three way war , the middle east was both allied and against everyone else , doing suicide bombings of opportunity while everyone else attentions were elsewhere . the western societies , european union and north american federation along with their ally japan were focused on the new chinese people  s republic , and the rebirth of soviet union . the reformed soviet union reforming had been a massive blow to western society . what the spies figured out was the leaders of the soviet union had faked their fall to destabilize the united states of america , with seeded agent planting socialistic ideas and pushing for social instability by pushing an us versus them mentality inside the country . as america began to falter russia started her reunification push . there was token resistance and sanctions from the west . these sanctions did more to hurt the western society because the russians had been slowly making themselves more reliant on supplies only with in their own boarders . newline the war was started by the american leaders . in a last ditch attempt to stabilize after the middleeast and the new cpc dumped all the american currency they had into the market america . it all happened just before the scheduled presidential election , which was then canceled . the fighting broke out all over the world . the sleeper agents from the rsu caused havoc all over in western culture . the american seal times were dropped off either by the air force , or by navy subs . the middleeast was actually really quite at the start of the war , almost as if startled into inaction . it was about six months before the middleeast joined into the fray . newline so in the beginning everything was chaotic . the western countries started faltering early on as their infrastructure was the primary targets of the bombings . in fact it was the middleeasts first attacks that stalled the socialistic countries . this allowed the western countries to shift from big industry to personal fabrication units . the 3d printers set the stage for every unit to be partially selfsustaining . while the opponents could and would often run out of required war supplies like bullets . that advance brought the war back to a stale mate . that lasted until the cursed child and its tome . it was after that that a new faction came in . the war between the east , the middleeast and the west ended . it was a new war that ended it , humans versus monsters and cultist . newline even with all our technologies when we saw them for the first time a lot of us would go crazy . i know i did a few times . i would see them and next thing i know i  m somewhere else , with no recollection of how i got there or what i did in those missing time periods . those periods of insanity were like a buffer and after i had seen one of those things and gone insane i could look at them and fight them , even if looking made me feel uncomfortable . well the same thing that happened to the president had also happened to the other world leaders , the only one who did not crack and go insane was the russian csar . newline we are still at war , the only leadership on our side is the soviet leadership , and the rest have cracked and are trying to helping the monsters kill us all . my unit was assigned to try and take out the summoning that is being attempted in washington dc . i hope we can stop it before it  s complete , i don  t want to come to with no knowledge of where i am again , but better that then some of the alternatives i guess .i scroll past it . silly idea really . newline newline i scroll back up . it s an amusing idea , but does it really deserve my time whilst i m watching television ? newline newline perhaps i ll just give it an upvote . yep , there we go ! hopefully it ll get some traction and i can see what people make of it . but then , this could be my break . newline newline it ll be a nice chance to stretch the muscles , in a wonderfully metaphorical sense . newline newline i start typing , wondering the whole time whether this will be worth it . that , of course , is not my question to answer . dear reader , this ironically egotistical exercise is purely for your benefit . has it been worth it ? newline newline dancing along like my fingers on the touchpad , the idea is there . the karma , what if it all blows up ? or is it more likely to blow up in my face . who loses ? is it the protagonist or the author ? we are one . newline newline i stand up , look in the mirror . somebody else looks back . he s written the prompt now , he s not quite the same . i was a sparkle in the eye just half an hour ago . a twinkle in the eye of an author now locked in a reflection . newline newline i smile , and he smiles back . it s all there , just lacking a little lustre in the eye . i open the door . the world , it seems , is my oyster .it was two years ago , or maybe tomorrow , i suppose it depends how you look at it . i was sitting in my apartment , eating a bowl of cereal in my boxers . the news was on like it was every morning . a report came on about the recent epidemic of violent muggings in the city . there on the screen was a college graduation picture  erica adler , was killed last night in one of the recent mug ...  the sound was out the picture frozen on my screen .  ahem  newline newline i whipped around to see him . tall , dark robe , scythe , the whole bit , it was death in my apartment . beside him , the girl of my dreams . short dark hair , those adorable glasses . if it were nt for her distracting me i probably would have had to burn those boxers . newline newline  oh god , oh god . i m dead are nt i ? was it a gas leak ? at least tell me it got the landlord too .  newline newline  relax . your not dead . she s dead .  he hooked a bony thumb at the girl beside him .  she s been dead since last night , or two years from now . depends on your point of view . problem is , she s not supposed to be dead yet . if i do nt fix it she follows me around forever . it s all very complicated and annoying .  newline newline  so why are you here ? why can i see you ?  newline newline  look , i do nt usually like to interfere like this . i m going to send you two years into the past . get a cup of coffee on the way to work . trust me . this will fix both our problems .  newline newline then it went black ... i woke to the alarm . i stumbled out of bed , showered , grabbed my cereal and switched on the news . sure enough the date was two years before yesterdays . newline newline i decided maybe i should listen to that weird dream . on the way to my dead end bagging job i stopped at the little coffee house down the street .  just a cup of regular coffee , black .  newline newline i turned around and there she was . the same girl . erica . my heart missed a beat . she had on a backpack that looked ridiculous on her tiny frame . loaded with books . i ll never forget that blue shirt . it was just plain blue tshirt but on her it looked amazing . she looked up at me and smiled the brightest smile i had ever seen . newline newline we started talking , here about nursing school , me , well i mainly just listened . i offered to help her get her books to her car . she let me . when her car would nt start i took a look and did some little roadside repair . i ve always been good with my hands . she gave me her number . newline newline i walked into my job and chad started hollering at me for being late . it was nt worth it . i was nt going to relive two years at this job again . i quit . newline newline i called erica up to see if she wanted to grab some coffee the next day . we met at the same place . she mentioned her father looking for apprentices at his garage . she said she would put in a good word for me . six months later her father promoted me from apprentice to mechanic . three months after that he nearly dropped the camera when i dropped to my knee and help up the ring to his daughter while he was snapping graduation photos . another four months and she and i were married . newline newline yeah this time around these two years had been amazing . newline newline we went out to celebrate her promotion . newline newline i did nt think about the date . newline newline the mugger rounded the corner . newline newline it was all i could do to get between her and him . newline newline i lay there bleeding on the cold concrete . newline newline as she knelt over me i felt the pressure of her hands . newline newline i saw the tears stream down her cheeks . newline newline i smiled . newline newline it had been the best two years of my life . newline newline the world went dark . newline newline there he was again . death . newline newline  is , is erica all right ?  newline newline  she s fine  newline newline  i suppose by fixing things i took her place ?  newline newline  no . your married to a trauma nurse . she s tending you right now while waiting for an ambulance . your going to wake up cough blood all over yourself and the ambulance and pass back out . but you ll survive .  newline newline  then why are you here ?  newline newline  well you know you were in the neighborhood . i thought i would pop in and thank you for sorting this mess out .  dad , i think we should look into this .  i whined . newline newline dad swiped the screen on his tablet before waving off the latest soul to be assigned a level in hell . newline newline  you did warn them right ?  dad asked . newline newline  yeah , i possessed the project leader as you ordered and had him write dire warnings on the walls of the accelerator with his own blood before i made him cut off his own legs and then his arms .  i replied . newline newline dad raised an eyebrow .  and they re still going ahead with it ?  newline newline  yeah , i mean they re really close now . they ve already figured out how to penetrate the veil between dimensions . it wo nt be long before they can send things through .  i pondered for a moment .  should i send them another warning ? maybe nail the skulls of their family members to the accelerator ?  newline newline dad sighed .  no , that would just be grotesque at this point . if they really want to come i suppose we should organize a welcoming party . what does your mother think of the whole situation ?  newline newline  mom actually thinks it s really funny . she bought popcorn and beer to watch the whole thing .  i answered . newline newline  she s not going to do anything about it ?  newline newline  you know mom , she never lets the order of the universe get in the way of a good show .  newline newline  she wo nt do anything ? absolutely nothing at all ? not even more reapers at the gate ?  dad asked . newline newline i rubbed my scythe .  ... well ... she did give me permission to do whatever i wanted .  i replied . newline newline dad did a double take .  wait ... really ? she gave you permission to ... like anything you want ?  newline newline  well ... as long as it s just at cern and nowhere else .  i clarified . newline newline  well what in my father s name are you whining about ? you could have solved this whole thing in 20 seconds flat ! i ve only seen your mom give you permission to do anything you want three times now , maybe four . what are you waiting for ? get up there and fix this ! ! !  dad almost yelled . newline newline  i wanted to make sure you were okay with it .  i squeaked . newline newline  if your mother is okay is with it what makes you think i would nt be ?  newline newline  well ... you did throw a fit when i tried to sleep with    newline newline  hey that boy ... dean was it ? ... was a walking hormone and i d sooner grovel to my father than let that guy get into your pants ...  dad paused for a moment .  why am i even talking about this ? you get up there young lady and make sure they never try this again . take advantage of the few times your mom let s you have free reign !  newline newline  okay .  newline newline          newline newline the news broadcast started :  a horrifying massacre at cern unfolded today as security footage reveals the scientists , technicians and other staff brutally killing each other . no plausible explanation has been put forth for what is apparently some form of mass insanity . audio from the footage reveals that the personnel wondered about where some sort of singing  was coming from moments before they became totally incoherent and began their homicidal rampage . audio analysis could not find any singing or other unusual sound in the facility other than the screams of the people themselves . authorities are still investigating . only one survivor was found . he apparently drilled into his own ears to destroy his hearing . he communicated to doctors through writing that he heard a girl s song that drove him insane . unfortunately the trustworthiness of his account is complicated by his scribbling of satanic verses , conspiracy theories that obama is trump s gay lover , and his gouging out of his left eye before doctors were able to restrain him before he got to his right eye . we shall report further details as they become available . at first there was chaos . newline newline people who did nt react fast enough died from the most common deaths . zombie viruses , tsunamis , ghosts , even the occassional cartoon characters . newline newline then , as people started to wisen up  mortality became a thing of the past . civilization immediately started to disintegrate . not many people were purely human anymore . werewolves , superheroes , vampires , elves and so on were a dime a dozen . nothing was impossible as long as you could imagine it . or if you saw it on tv . newline newline the truly special ones were the creatives . newline newline they created worlds , galaxies , universes . most kept themselves there where their creations could nt be affected by another person s imagination . some enjoyed the effects of what joint effort would achieve . newline newline these days , appearances are truly superficial . newline newline for creatives , getting a glimpses of their world is the only real way of getting to know them . newline newline personally , i prefer to let my creations get creative . i created creatures in my image , and gave them freewill . still bound though , by some invisible rules . i still needed them to be confined in my world where i can freely observe them and without the power to override my rules . newline newline it is a pretty fascinating experiment of mine . these creatures seem to sense my prescence  even though i have no intention of directly interacting with them . newline newline recently they ve started to develope a language of their own and have started some bizzare ritual to worship me . newline newline curiously , they ve named me  god  .i scanned the headline of today s post . it screamed out in bold letters : as of january 1st , 2016 , all new year s resolutions are now legally binding . below , the new law was summarized and described in detail by a law communications specialist . on page five , two lawyers debated the possible consequences of the new law . however , the question of how such a gamechanging law was passed without anybody noticing was never discussed . newline newline it was simple . each year , every individual was required to make five resolutions . each resolution had to be concrete and objectively achievable . for example , i could nt simply say that i would work out more next year  i had to commit to going to the gym a certain number of times per year for a quantitative period of time , and i had to burn soandso number of calories . if , by december 31st of 2016 , that goal had not been achieved , i was to be fined an amount not exceeding tenthousand dollars . newline newline obviously , there was a glaring loophole in the resolution law of 2016 . people could simply establish resolutions that were so easily achievable that they were , for all extents and purposes , meaningless . newline newline by march 15th , it became clear that i was not the only one who had thought this way . census data showed that the most popular resolution , which had clearly originally been conceived by a lawyer but copied by many others , had been to  go to any facility with a treadmill inside it for one minute once a year and take two steps .  closely following that , the next resolution was to  spend no more than one million dollars per day .  newline newline what would this mean for society as a whole ? anthropologists and sociologists buzzed with excitement . to me , the answer was clear . newline newline new year s resolutions no longer held any meaning . as a matter of fact , i reflected , it s possible that they never really did . it was up to us to decide when , and how , to change our lives for the better . newline newline newline newlinedecember 31 , 2019 newline newline  is it recordi  newline  to any resistance member who receives this transmit  newline  we are overrun by  newline  do not advance  i repeat  do not adva  newline newline that was the last log we received from our outpost in philadelphia . we heeded jacob s final warning , and thank christ we did . newline newline the war ended exactly two years after it began thanks to that recording . if we had nt waited as we were warned , we would hav mounted an assault on the enemy fortifications , and failed . the rebellion would have ended then and there . newline newline but it did nt . newline newline we stood our ground and let them come to us  that was when we won . thank you jacob , and all others who lost their lives on that day . if not for you all , we surely would have lost .i saw him sitting there in a parched glade . he sat alone on a large stone , its concave morphed to his postured body , protrusions jutting up around him like a chiseled throne . over dark , cracked ground i walked toward him . newline newline  my son , i  newline newline  don  t , father . save your breath from this foul air . you should not have come.  he looked away from me then , eyes flicking past the charred trees surrounding . newline newline  you should not have come , son.  perhaps that was unfair , but it was said . and it stung us both , vengeful grievances come to redress old wounds . to fill that ocean of distance spanning between them . newline newline  there is more to this place than what you see . it manifests differently for each person . thus is death , its changing perception.  he met my eyes once again .  do not weep for me , father . you deserve better.  newline newline  you know i won  t ever believe that.  i edged closer , desiring to feel him on my hands once again , but he stayed me with an upturned hand . newline newline  i can  t know what you see before you , but what i feel is hard stone upon my back . it grows , and it weighs me down every day . this weight , don  t you see  now i carry the burden  newline newline  i told you i don  t believe that.  newline newline  i thought  newline newline  you thought wrong . no , you were never a burden , not to me . you brought love , a fond warmth to my heart . and you knew that . do not deny it , do not lie . than that ,  i deserve better.  i turned away and surveyed the desolate scene .  i see what you have created in this , my son . more than an escape , this is this is a kingdom . barren , yes . for now . but perhaps not forever . and you sit its throne . is that all you desired ? a pedestal with which to watch , to control ? there are other ways to obtain such things . could i not have provided this for you ? could we not have given your dream life ?  newline newline  death is my dream.  newline newline his voice was harsh and cold , and i had staggered back , brow knotted .  son ?  newline newline  you misunderstand father . i did not seek escape , not power . i sought sanctuary.  newline newline  from what could you need it ? our lives were peaceful  newline newline  not for me , father . for the world . from me.  his head bowed and he spoke to the dirt .  every time i opened my eyes i saw fire . i saw my own desire and intent . not in controlled dancing , but enlivened chaos . i know not why , but it was pervasive , it would not relent . each day i found myself itching for ruin . and the world deserved better . you deserve better . i know i have pained you in leaving , and for that i am sorry . but it was the safest solution . i am sorry , father.  newline newline he lifted his head to meet my eyes once again , and tears streamed down his cheeks . i tried to give voice to my thoughts , but his twisted visage left the words chained in my throat . he raised a hand in sorrowful farewell , and the bleak scene faded from my eyes . newline where the fuck are my keys ?  johnny said to nobody in particular . he stuffed his hands in his pockets and came out with a phone , some loose change and a couple of old sweet wrappers . for the third time this week . newline  for fucks sake ...  johnny sighed . he was going to have to go back to the lobby and find someone to let him in to his flat . he turned to see the elevator doors close in front of him . newline  you could nt have waited five more seconds ?  he yelled at the descending metal box . he was going to have to walk . down nine flights of stairs . what exactly did i do to deserve this ?  he thought to himself . i m a doctor . i save people s lives ! why am i having the worst week of my life ?  there really was nt an explanation . it had all started with the traffic jam last thursday , and then there had been the problems with his wifi router , the keys , the disappearing change and the lack of a headphone jack on the new iphone . it felt like someone up there was playing a game with him who can make johnny have a mental breakdown the fastest ? well , someone was winning . johnny did nt think he could take much more ... gone on break . back in half an hour .  newline  fuck s sake ...  johnny sighed for what felt like the millionth time that week . newline newline as a matter of fact , someone up there was messing with him . me . i admit , it was a little cruel , but it was a good job , and you did nt last long in hell without a cruel streak . not that i really wanted to stay down there any more i was a little bored of torturing the souls of the evil . i mean , there are only so many times shoving a large spike into someone is funny , you know ? so yes , i took the job . i do nt know who it was from . i just got a message on my phone one day asking me to take a surface job . i was genuinely curious  surface jobs could be big , world changing even , and usually it was the angels who got up to that sort of thing . frankly , fire and brimstone gets a little tiresome after a couple years . i wanted some fresh air . newline newline it was a big apartment building in town . nice , modern . the guy was clearly successful .  so who s the client ?  i asked myself . nobody heard . us celestial beings are invisible to the rest of them . there was nt anyone from heaven or hell around that i could see , meaning my client was high ranking . it was certainly interesting . newline  i hope you re as evil as you are smart .  said a voice next to me . newline  i presume you re my client ?  i said to the air . the person , whoever it was , was hiding well . newline  i m used to hiding .  it said .  and knowing what people are thinking .  newline  so this is an actual job ?  i asked .  i m being paid to annoy someone ?  newline  essentially , yes . you need to annoy this guy as much as you can .  newline  are you sure you do nt just want me to severely depress the guy ?  i asked . newline  no . i do nt want him dying and getting in to heaven .  the voice said . newline  jesus . what did this guy to do you ?  newline silence . newline  hello ?  newline the voice was gone . newline newline  i could have sworn i had a dollar .  johnny muttered to himself . he d only had ninety eight cents . i d made sure of that . johnny was looking really down , and i had to feel sorry for the guy . i d been following him around , and he seemed like a really nice guy . he saved lives for a living , for crying out loud ! for the millionth time , i wondered what he d done to deserve this . someone out there was really mad at this guy . but i was just doing my job which reminded me . the woman at the desk had come back five minutes ago something i should probably fix . i quickly filled her bladder and she dutifully got up and went to go . that taken care of , i turned to see johnny walk in to the building , checking his phone . he smiled at something , then turned straight towards the elevator . he caught me off guard , and he was through the metal doors before i could close them , humming as he went . i had to do something , quick ! if the client saw johnny behaving like this ... newline i floated up through the roof of the elevator and jammed the mechanism on the top . johnny was nt going anywhere for a while . newline newline inside the lift , johnny felt the bump as the lift stopped . the doors did nt open . he was stuck . johnny looked up at the ceiling disbelievingly . the , johnny sat down in the corner of the lift and cried . newline newline  you did a good job .  the voice was back . newline  no . it was a bad job . a horrible one , actually . what did that guy do to you ?  newline the voice sighed . and then materialised in to the last thing i would have expected  an angel . but not a happy one . his robes were dirty and torn  despite being magical  i really do nt know how he did it  , his wings were moulting and his halo was barely glowing at all . newline  you re an angel ?  i asked , surprised . newline  a soul carrier , to be precise . i kill people and take them for judgement .  newline  i thought you were good guys ?  soul carriers were supposed to be happy  a fresh start , a welcome to the afterlife . this guy looked more like someone who would take himself to the pearly gates than someone who led other people there . newline  so did i . but do you have any idea how depressing it is to see death wherever you go ?  he sighed . newline i nodded sympathetically .  but why this guy ?  newline  i was down on earth a couple months ago . alive , i mean . i had everything . a good job , beautiful girlfriend . we were going to be married .  he looked to be on the verge of tears .  and then there was an accident  and electric shock . i was dead before i knew it . and we were both alone .  newline i nodded again . sometimes it was hard to know who death was harder on  those who were left below , or those who watched friends and family from the other side , with no way of contacting them . just watching . newline  then , last week , there was a car crash . she was in it . a huge pile up  she was unconscious , and bleeding out . she was going to die , for sure . i could nt wait to see her again . and then the paramedics came . and he saved her . i wo nt see her again , maybe not for decades . i m stuck up here , and it s his fault i ca nt see her .  the angel was crying now , pearly white tears pouring off his face . it had started raining outside , too . the angels always had the weather on their side . newline  so you take it out on him ?  i asked .  that does nt seem fair .  newline  trust me .  the angle said .  if i could kill myself , i already would have .  newline he melted off into nothing . i knew the full story now . johnny was a good guy , and i could nt keep doing this to him . but what had happened to the angel was even crueller . i floated over the crying man , split as to what to do . then i restarted the mechanism , and floated off in to the night . newline newline it was gone eight when sally heard the doorbell ring . she was surprised  she had nt been getting many visitors since tom died . she walked to the door , cautious . there was a man standing there , with sunglasses and a leather jacket . newline  can i help you ?  she asked . the rain was pouring down . newline  no . but there is someone else who needs you .  he said . then he pulled out a gun . sally turned to close the door , but the man blocked her . newline  i m really sorry about this .  he said , and then he shot her in the face . newline and from behind a big apartment building in town , the sun began to shine once more . newline newline newline newlinei ve often heard that the secret to getting over stage fright is to picture the audience in their underwear . easily the most common , though perhaps a little too mediocre . i always liked  just keep looking for the guy in the big chicken costume !  some people just a good laugh to ride the wave to killing a performance . some people just need to know their lines or numbers or market trends to the point where they repeat them in their sleep . newline newline but that s not my method . newline newline i just had add when i was young . i would have to give a speech reviewing a book i was supposed to read , but i had nt been read that particular book  i was nose deep in stephen king during much of my formative years  and so i would just power through the book , absorbing virtually nothing  read as many other reviews and summaries of the book as possible  including cribnotes  in order to look for repeating patterns . i d identify the trending observations and include the top five , and one of the ones in the middle . newline newline so that s how i got my material . but my confidence was still a whimpering adolescent , nervously sure that my lie was going to be found out . newline newline but , in the throes of my my panicked shaking , i forced myself to imagine exactly how i would speak if i had done the reading . i mentally kicked my head , almost in punishment , envisioning what proper preparation and confidence would have consisted of . how i would hold myself , what the words would taste like as the rolled off of my tongue , and what thoughts would be going through my mind . newline newline and , inevitably , when called upon by my teacher to present on my reading of watership down i would simply fall back on what i had been thinking about : what to say and how to say it , if i was the expert i was supposed to be . my facts were generally legitimate , though their sources were not approved . newline newline in my mind there is a character that has prepared for every eventuality . someone who has done the research and is so sure of his thoughts that they are above reproach . he has parsed every sentence , performed every experiment , and discussed his opinions with experts . he never gets awkward in front of groups . newline newline he is who i become before walking out onto a stage , who i consult when writing a letter , and who presents opinions and theories as facts in any situation . he s a danger at a trivia contest , useless against a true expert , and kind of a dick . newline newline but he looks better in his underwear . newlineit was a long time since that fateful day ... so long ago , i was but a mere child . newline newline my parents and i went to see a broadway show that evening ... it was then i realized as the geisha performers reenacted a disturbing , underlying fear that dwell deep within my soul . newline newline i had suffered a traumatic episode ... falling into a well and encountered something that bore into my very being ... little did i know what effect ... what fate ... lay before me since then . newline newline i wanted to go home ... the creatures that haunted my dream dancing mischievously on stage ... newline newline my parents understood my plight and took me out through an alley access door . a shortcut ... newline newline and that s when it happened ... a man ... a down on his luck trainer , searching for pokedollars to line his pockets . newline newline he pulled out a weathered looking pokeball ... demanding that my father and mother give him their valuables ... newline newline and in an instant ... a struggle ... and flash of light ... newline newline then they were gone ... the assailant running off into the night ... newline newline i had gone through many trials ... tests of my will and strength since then ... newline newline i had acquired various skills ... abilities ... to prepare me for this day ... the day i donned the cowl ... newline newline the day ... i became ... zubatman ... let s keep moving  newline newline she sat there , stoic , unresponsive to the stranger s urging . newline newline  cmon . there s nothing you can do about him now .  newline newline she must ve seemed a child , sitting there , silently mourning someone who was already gone . she brought her hand , drenched in blood , to her cheek to wipe away her hot tears . newline newline  right..  she stammered , her voice trembling as she spoke . newline newline the pair had no former relation , only coming into mutual existence after the event . they had been traveling for two days now , along with claire s brother , the man now laying face down in a pool of mud and blood . the stranger , whom claire had not dared ask anything about , stood tall and steadfast , his dark complexion complimenting his broad features and tall stature . he was company enough , though not seemingly one for conversation . claire did nt mind though . these were not days for idle chitchat . newline newline the pair trudged along , each contempt in each other s company . finally , claire dared to break the veil of silence . newline newline  what..what did you see ? yknow , when it happened ?  newline newline the stranger hesitated , seemingly contemplating his mind s return to the events of three days prior . newline newline  uh..i m not sure . i was walking my boy , and there was just this ... this huge plume of ... of light ...  he paused . claire noticed small beads of water welling in his eyes . newline newline  it s okay . i was with my grandmother when it happened . i know .  newline newline she dared not press him any further , this was not the time to stop and wallow in the past . there was nothing to do but continue moving , and hope for another survivor . newlinejohn was confused .  is this legal ?  he asked . newline newline  well  said his companion . newline newline  well said ,  said john ,  i ve always forgotten how loquacious you are .  newline newline john s impatient interruption seemed to have effect on the man , since he went right into an explanation with only the calmest tone in his voice . newline newline  it is nt illegal , in the sense that it s a sickass american exceptionalist rapper , nor is it illegal , in the sense that our favorite dictator has yet to ban such a western concept , but rather , it s illegal in the sense that it breaks the law . i hope that answers your question .  newline newline now john was getting somewhere .  if so , why is apple doing this to us ?  newline newline  well ,  replied the man , launching into yet another explanation ,  it is nt doing thes ti us , in the sense that it is nt currently having intercourse with a member of mythology with both a confused parentage and confused progeny , not in the sense that it s special um..ahple ding , in that it s using a logical fallacy to justify it s claims , but rather , it s simply performing an act that is illegal for reasons .  newline newline john was getting agitated again .  can you give me a straight answer ! please !  newline newline the man was starting to get worried as well .  well , i m perfectly sorry , but i simply can not give you a straight answer , given not only what we are in the lol straight answer lol gay homo human race , but also given the fact that you have not provoked me .  newline newline john was now livid .  were you dropped on your head as a baby ?  newline newline  no , but my iphone was .  how s the job hunt coming along ?  newline newline sterile and cold . the room welcomed only an air thick with silence . newline newline he leant forward , ignoring the question he was no longer slumped back in the chair . newline newline  have i ever told you the definition of insanity ?  newline newline the question had no immediate answer , finding only a raised eyebrow in response . newline newline  from the moment i wake up , i spend the day waiting for tiredness to come . i wait until i can lie in my bed and just exist . i go into my head and i relive the same day .  newline newline pausing to breathe , he looked across from him at the man opposite . he wore glasses and was middle aged . greying hair sat atop a head which held pursed , still lips . newline newline  it s the perfect day . it s my creation . an unachievable reality which is mine to share with nobody .  newline newline the man with glasses was motionless aside from the slow rising and falling of his chest . newline newline  it s the happiest i ve ever been . it s warm , she s still there and the feeling is gone . there s no doubt . no anxiety . we just are , in the summer of the present  newline newline i paused again , this time imagining standing on wet sand , water rushing past my ankles and then retreating , sucking the ground from beneath my curled toes . newline newline the man with glasses was still silent . he held a pen and a notepad , but had written nothing more than the date in the top corner . newline newline  and i can feel my life slipping through my fingers . i rolled my window down despite the wall of water descending from the heavens . wearing a jacket pulled close , the stranger loped to the car door , spraying water with each step . not sure if i could be heard above the storm , i motioned for my new travelling companion to jump in with me . before i could even say a word , the hitchhiker s arms were around my neck . my entire body tensed with anticipation for my impending doom until i realized ... .it was a hug ! why was this soaking stranger from the side of the street embracing me in the front seat of my car ? newline newline  i m confused ,  i finally admitted . newline newline  i m sorry !  you need to understand that at this point , i had nt seen more than the eyes and general shape of this person . so you can imagine my surprise when a woman s voice escaped from underneath the layers of clothing . newline newline  you re a woman !  newline newline  you mean i ve been perfecting my urinal skills for nothing ? !  newline newline  i did nt ... .you ... but ... ..ugh . i m sloan . you ?  newline newline  tabitha .  newline newline we sat in silence for a few moments as the awkwardness left over from the previous exchange sunk in . apparently my brain found the situation quite humorous , as it attempted to make things worse as  why did you hug me ?  spilled out shakily . newline newline her hands brushed through her hair and her nose sniffled as she tightened up and murmured ,  no reason .  in the few years i ve been dealing with women , this response has never been further from the truth . time to pry . newline newline  why were you on the side of the road ?  newline newline  er ... .a walk .  newline newline  at 2am on a wednesday morning ? !  newline newline  huh , weird . i did nt realize they put time constraints on walking . they should really publicize that sort of thing .  newline newline  why the highway in the middle of the forest , then ?  newline newline  i got lost on the way to grandma s . the big bad wolf is one crafty bastard .  newline newline we both laughed at that one .  your hood s the wrong color , red .  newline newline  no , it s tabihthuh .  newline newline  how does it feel to be such a smartass ?  newline newline  probably the exact opposite of how it feels to be a dumbass .  newline newline  well then , how does it feel to be a dumbass ?  newline newline  i was just about to ask you the same thing .  newline newline  i feel that now is the time to tell you that you re sitting in an ejector seat .  newline newline  then eject me .  newline newline  for some reason , i do nt want to .  newline newline she removed her hood , and then she kissed me . though i m not really sure i knew what a kiss was at that point . every emotion , every thought , and every bone in my body was replaced with a sensation i can only describe as a tickle . i felt so light that i had to pull her closer for ballast . newline newline the girl with the black , dripping ringlets had me . i had the girl with the black , dripping ringlets . and we never let each other go . hey , this is jackie . if you re back yet , please go straight to the hospital . dad s in critical condition and the doctors say he has an hour , tops . thanks . jackie .  newline message received at 5:23 pm newline newline  oh my god , i did nt know . i m coming over right now . i m sorry , i m so sorry . paul .  newline message received at 7:45 pm newline newline  he s gone . jackie .  newline message received at 7:51 pm newline newline  i m at the hospital , where are you ? paul .  newline message received at 8:14 pm newline newline  oh shit . i am so sorry . where are you ? paul .  newline message received at 8:15 pm newline newline  thought you said last year would be the last time you would abandon us . jackie .  newline message received at 8:20 pm newline newline  i  m on the way home now could you put some water on the stove ? paul .  newline message received at 8:33 pm newline newline  lets not bring this up noow paul  newline message received at 8:40 pm newline newline  put your own fucking water on  newline message received at 8:42 pm newline newline  look lets setle this at home i am drivng now p  newline message received at 8:49 pm newline newline  you re drunk again ? at this time ? ?  newline message received at 8:50 pm newline newline  no im not drnuk i am on the rd pls stp p  newline message received at 8:55 pm newline newline  we re not settling this . find your own fucking house . i am sick and tired of you clogging up this space and not getting a job . i have had enough tomorrows  . you can find your own fucking place to put your fucking water on the stove . i am through with you . of all the times you choose to not come home on time it s the time when dad s in crit . what were you doing those other times ? getting some teen on the street to do a quickie on you for 5 because you re just so lonely and too lazy to find your own sweet wife to put your fucking water on the stove ? do nt exit . keep on driving . it s nicer without you around . jackie .  newline message received at 9:06 pm newline newline  sssory soryy i am oming home now dont have time 2 rd p  newline message received at 9:10 pm newline newline  do nt . for everyone s sake .  newline message received at 9:12 pm newline newline  ok i am exintg now p  newline message received at 9:15 pm newline newline  crash .  newline message received at 9:15 pm newline newline  btw just foudn a job yesterdy thot i shuld tell u this b4 i cam home so we cn discus transporta  newline message not senti hear the first three notes of my marimba alarm and my eyelids are stunted in the center of my eyes , unclear of which direction they should go . instead of doing my usual hangover ritual of snoozing my alarm for a half hour , i roll onto my side and feel a new sinking feeling in my stomachs . this morning , the feeling felt less of a sign of hunger and more of an organized chaos . however , i could barely hear it until i went into the bathroom . newline newline   fight the power ! fight the power !   cried a chorus of high voices . it sounded as if dozens of scrabbydoo s on a helium high . newline newline  uh , hello ? can i help you ?  i asked as i sat on my toilet while reviewing my todo list for the day  do nt throw up in shower , grab a diet coke and everything bagel with cream cheese on 86th , email leslie on the way to cancel my 9 am because my god i am too hungover for this ...  newline newline suddenly , a tiny voice interrupts my train of thought .  alright , we got its attention . who is the speakers of the systems to speak first ?  newline newline after a few uncomfortable seconds , an exasperated sigh emerges .  fine . human : this is your liver speaking . we re not going to take it . no . we ai nt gon na take it . we re not going to take it anymore .  newline newline  i m sorry , what is going on ? is my liver speaking to me right now ?  newline newline  you heard me right . i represent the digestive system and i m here to say we re not going to take it . no . we aint  newline newline  okay okay , i do nt need another round of the outdated yet amazing twisted sister song . what exactly ... .are nt you going to take ?  newline newline another shrill voice jumps into the conversation .  this is your pancreas speaking ! for the last twelve years , we ve spent 1,574 mornings feeling ... .like this . like we re bathing in poison and struggling to do our basic jobs ! we feel like we re still hung from all the fun you had last night and it s coming over into today . we re calling an intervention . if you do not comply ... we will go on strike !  newline newline i slouched against my porcelain throne . i understood it now : my body was fighting against my college drinking habits that crept up to my thirties . i ve apparently had thousands of hangovers and this was the breaking point . they really were not going to take it .the two men in the front of my door looked dead serious . newline newline i  d just finished eating breakfast with my wife shelly when the doorbell rang . expecting some kind of early doortodoor salesman , i opened the door , only to be greeted by two fully suited men looking ready to visit some kind of funeral . newline newline  are you mr. james cardi ?  the older of the two asked , his deep wrinkles squirming slightly with every word .  i  m ted hunter , and this is my colleague , leo wolfs.  he gestured to the young looking man next to him before flashing a badge .  we  re here on government business.  newline newline my muscles tensed .  yes i am . why ?  i thought of my parents who were traveling the country .  has something happened to someone i know ?  newline newline  i don  t know ,  the man answered nonchalantly .  how about you tell us ?  newline newline i raised an eyebrow .  what do you mean by that ?  newline newline  what we would like to know , mr. cardi ,  the young man interjected , clearly not happy with the way his colleague was approaching this ,  is where you were yesterday at exactly 14:03 in the afternoon . that is truly all we wish to know . give us a satisfying answer and we  ll leave.  he gave me a white smile . newline newline a chill went down my spine . yesterday was thursday , a workday like any other , a workday of which i remembered awefully little . newline newline  i was at work.  i answered halfheartedly . newline newline  ah , yes , we figured as much.  the man  s voice was honeyed .  please , mr. cardi , tell me , where do you work ? you see , we  ve been doing some investigating and , even though you get paid every month , we couldn  t find out where you work . the company that  s supposedly sending you money doesn  t exist.  newline newline i stood there for a second , contemplating all kinds of answers to the man  s question , but couldn  t come up with a good explanation . it looked like it was time to finally come clean . newline newline  i don  t know.  i answered honestly . newline newline the smile immediately disappeared off the man  s face .  we  re going to play it like that ?  he asked in a low tone of voice .  if so , you would have to join us for a trip to the bureau.  newline newline i put my hands in front of me defensively .  no ! you misunderstand . i truly don  t know.  newline newline a sudden chill on my left wrist caught my attention and i saw that the now grinning older man had put a handcuff around it . below it i saw my watch slowly ticking . it was a few seconds before nine in the morning . a few seconds before work . newline newline 3 , 2 , 1 , newline newline the older man opened his mouth .  you  ll be coming wi  newline newline blackness newline newline when i opened my eyes it was already getting dark and i was standing in an alley i  d never seen before , my entire body hurting . my left hand had a handcuff dangling from it and was covered in blood . a quick inspection of the rest of my body revealed it to be full of bruises . it also revealed a white envelope stained with blood spatters in one of my pockets . newline newline it contained my salary . newlineyou  d figure a graveyard would be off limit for the fuckers . i  m here to pay my respects to my good friend . not to be bait for the assholes . already killed one . might even have to use what i was supposed to leave for him . a hollow point bullet . just like the one i put through the asshole  s head . newline newline i flick the lighter open , holding the silenced gun in one hand . a red dot works up from my chest to land on my head as i light the cigarette . it  s a beautiful autumn day . all the leaves have fallen from the trees . i flick the lighter back closed , dodging to the side before the shot can ring out . it hits the tree behind where i was standing . newline newline i lift the gun and shoot another respectless asshole attempting to come up from the side . he drops like a sack of potatoes and a shot from the sniper grazes my hand . i look over the wound , the burned skin stinking . a good shot . quick . newline newline another round drops another idiot trying to use the tombstones as cover . i  m drawn back enough that the sniper can  t get a bead on my hand again . last thing i need is to be weaponless . i have to move sooner or later though . my car  s bulletproof . i can see it from here . newline newline right past all the others pouring out of the woodwork towards me . there  s a red dot further down on my leg . a second sniper . or the first has moved . no choice but to run headlong into enemy lines . exactly what they  d want i  m sure but i suppose it doesn  t matter which way i go . there  s one for either direction . newline newline autumn . no leaves . a chill in the air . a good day to die . a smile crosses my face .hi ! i liked the plotting you have here , but it s a lot of plot for a relatively short story ! this is something that i think would be better served with a longer , more careful treatment  obviously difficult in the context of the contest , but doable in real life  . newline newline political fantasy is a genre i love and i think that , with work and redrafting , this could shape into something good . i like the overarching theme of a country s struggle to democracy , but this all moves very fast so it s hard to do more than hit some very basic beats . newline newline for example , chapter 4 begins with the publication of the new treatise , and chapter 5 is postrebellion . you skipped over the good part ! newline newline i also think the characters could be more  grey  . for example , alger kind of had some points  points that , in the real world , led to things like the magna carta and the u.s. constitution . it does your story a disservice , i think , for the person questioning the society he lives in to be just kind of mustachetwirlingly evil . i do nt know if that s what you intended , but that s what came off . newline newline starting a story with a character waking up is considered a relatively weak way to start a story , and it did nt really add anything .  rigel himself did nt really add up to much , either .  i would suggest cutting it and instead starting with a conversation between rigel and cecilia that shows  not tells  that he s a smug dude that s into her and she s not so sure .  i also did wonder , given that this is a story with suitors and courts , why cecilia was asleep and unchaperoned with one of her suitors . this would be inappropriate in this sort of world , no ?  newline newline i found some of your descriptions to be cliches  e.g .  sparkling jewels  for the stars is overdone , ditto eyes being described as  pools of cerulean   . i also thought  medical ward  was too modernsounding for a castle . newline newline i hope the above is helpful  i think the story is decent and you have the talent to improve it . congrats !there i stood , halfcocked and wobbling looking at my suited self in the mirror . as i tried to remember what neckties were for , i stumbled back and hiccuped in delight at catching myself . newline newline  heh , no wonder they met me first . i m a grade a badass  . newline newline the pink beam which they have communicated their wish to meet had appeared again . newline newline  dude , what s taking so long ?  spoke the fucia laser ,  we ve been outside your palace for , like , 10 minutes  . newline i murmured under my breath  pushy assholes , i m getting rrready  . my murmur had ended with a belch .  heh , mmooorty  i chuckled to myself . newline newline as the beam floated away my mind caught it whispering  rick  morty jokes ? real original.  . newline newline as i headed to the door of my trailer , i collected vaguley alcoholic phlegm in the back of my throat .  ugh ... ugh  , i gargled as i looked for a receptacle . i decided the plant pot would do . newline  hmph , it needed watering anyway  . newline newline i took a deep breath , straightened myself out and firmly gripped the handle . perhaps a little too firm , as it gave way and i collapsed , face first into the nevada dirt . newline newline kzthykodeo the septh stifled a laugh . the elder septh , kyhtzshanchar , was less amused and lent me a tentacle .  this is who you wanted to make first contact with odeo ?  . odeo bursts into laughters from their several mouths as i , the human representation , on earth regurgitated whiskey into schancar s porous membranes . newline newline still , it was better than meeting the martians , he did admit . martians suck , apparently .inspiration  there s never a dull moment when you kick and scream your way through life ...   newline newline so i don  t reckon i know what this is going to be about just yet . i just got done reading some works by my friend , natasha , who would pwn me at all things writing , and now i  m feeling , i don  t know , inspired or something . just to make things clear given the context of the word  friend  in this particular instance , its defined as  a bitter enemy that for some odd reason you continue talking with because you  re absolute contempt for them helps you define yourself.  i know it sounds kind of fucked up , but we get along fine enough . newline newline i think it  s important to note before we get to far into this that i  m listening to seether as i  m writing this . it  s that song about that hooker committing suicide and how he just wanted to love her or something like that . hella romantic she  s my dream girl maybe this is why all my relationships fail . or maybe it  s because i  m a lying , cheating , manipulative son of a bitch . naw i  m gon na go with the former . the point is the add kicks in and i have trouble concentrating if i try to listen to music and write at the same time , so potentially this could just go no where and i might just end up rocking out here in my big red saucer chair in my martin the martian pajama pants that i got for seventyfive cents at the thrift store until one of my roommates wakes up livid , and chucks a solid object at my head which would be completely inappropriate , i mean i have a condition . i used to believe that add was just a load of crap that kids used as an excuse to get adderall . scratch that , i still think it  s a load of crap , but i figured that if these little shits are gon na use that excuse then i sure as hell am gon na use it too ! i think it  s important to note that my opinion on add is made from a completely bias standpoint with only fabricated evidence to support it . i  ve done no research of my own and only have the biased opinions of people dumber , but older than me to support my claims . i fancy taking a christianlike approach to things from time to time . newline newline i said along time ago that i constantly contradict myself . i think i originally said it because when you have an argument like that to fall back on , no one can ever really say shit to you , i mean , i warned them all in advance . but now it  s sort of become a burden . often times nowadays i go out of my way just to contradict myself simply to uphold my values . if i live long enough i may even contradict the fact that i contradict everything and just stop . i guess i  ll need something else to keep my life going after that though . maybe i  ll have a kid or something from what i hear that  s a pretty legit way to add meaning to your life , and i mean seriously how fucked up could he end up really ? just look around i know , right ? i  d like to think i could do a better job than that . the standard is set so low , even if i do a hella shitty job , the kid will still end up better than most . whatever i  m going to go make breakfast . maybe i  ll pick this up when i come back , or maybe you can go get fucked . newline newline well , that was one hell of a meal . elaboration ? i scrounged the kitchen for anything edible . i came up with some rice from yesterday that was rock solid , some of my roommate  s tuna fish , and a tortilla that had been in the fridge so long it was starting to feel like cardboard . being creative helps when you  re poor . i  m realistically going to have to lie later about the tuna fish too , either that or i could tell him to go sit on a pole . probably the latter , just in case he reads this . besides i  m still a little irked about when he made fun of my glasses last saturday . fuck  em if he can  t take a joke ! newline newline so this is getting kind of long . not long in the sense that it  s a lengthy piece of notable work , but long in the sense that if anyone actually read this far and saw that there was still more than a paragraph they would instantaneously realize that they had something better to do with their life and quit reading . so with that i bid you adieu , or to put it in common day vernacular , peace out , bitches . newlinehe was going to go out there , and he was going to die . i could see it in his eyes . and that was something i could nt let happen . he was our last hope . if he was dead , then our future would be as grim as this last year . newline newline i ve learned much from all of our classmates . a few discarded branches and a few sticking charms , and suddenly , i looked like an innocent bush . several noticemenot spells on myself completed the ensemble . together , it made it appear to anyone that looked that i was just a uninteresting plant . ironic , considering my specially . newline newline harry said to kill nagini , but his life was more important than voldemort s snake . that could be taken care of later . besides , it was probably next to the dark lord anyways . two birds , one stone . that s what they say , right . newline newline there was a quick detour to the greenhouses to fill my pack with the needed items . apparently my noticemenot disguise was good against magical plants . good to know . newline newline then i ran . i ran as fast as i could into the forest , casting whispered pointme spells to track down harry . newline newline there i saw him , facing off against the dark lord with quiet acceptance . i took a deep breath . i was scared , terrified , but it had to be now or never . newline newline i put on my magical earmuffs , just in case and readied my wand . to everyone else standing in the clearing , the world s most uninteresting bush scuttled across the open space to stand at lord voldemort s back . a small branchlooking wand extended out from amongst the leaves . newline newline i did nt know what i planned to cast . perhaps a piercing curse at voldemort s black heart ? then , it did nt matter . newline newline because that was when the stitching on my bag gave out , spilling fully mature mandrakes all across the ground . newline newline twentyone fully mature mandrakes  seven times three , fell onto the cold uncomfortable earth . all of them took a deep breath in perfect synchronization . newline newline there was only time for one quick spell and so i cast it with all my power . a silencio targeted at harry potter s head . newline newline then the screaming started . newline newline the time spell said that i was only unconscious for half a minute . the sound of the mandrakes had faded until my magical muffs were able to block the remainder of the sound . i quickly repaired my soundproof bag and stuffed all the fallen screaming roots inside . newline newline i checked the area . all the death eaters  dead . nagini , who was at voldemort s side  dead . most everyone else in voldemort s camp  dead . hagrid  unconscious and snoring . voldemort  quite dead . a strange disappearing black smoke coming out of harry potter s scar  dispersing quickly with a pitiful wail . newline newline harry potter  alive but unconscious . newline newline i used most of my magic casting the overpowered silencing charm , but i still have enough to levitate harry back to the castle . newline newline weeks later , i was approached by hermione granger . harry had awoken a few days prior and she expressed her gratitude to me for saving him . frankly , i ve had enough gratitude from everyone by then . newline newline the moderates were celebrating the fall of voldemort . the conservatives were celebrating that it was a pure blood wizard and not harry potter , the boywholivedtobeadecoy , who had killed him . draco seemed lost now as an orphan . so many had died or lost family during the battle of hogwarts . newline newline but it was hermione who had filled me in on a fact that she considered amusing . there was a prophesy that said voldemort could only be vanquished by one of two boys  myself or harry potter . and that it could only be done with a power he knew not  . newline newline apparently , hermione did what she did best at  research , and found out interestingly enough that tom riddle had never taken herbology during his time at hogwarts . the class was an elective during that time . newline newline that meant one thing . voldemort had no consummate idea of what mandrakes were . newlineg , g , good , good evening ladies and gentleman . tap tap tap this is your captain speaking . we have now approached our destination , and are just waiting on a signal from ground control before we land . we ask now that you fasten your seat belts and close all windows . please keep tap your tap seats tap in an upright position and fasten all tray tables . tap tap tap we ask that you remain seated until the flight has landed and to keep your phones switched on . i mean , off . the local time is 4:04 i mean , 9:45pm and it is a cool 10c at the moment . tap tap tap apologies for the  turbulence  earlier on , and thank for your help and patience . we tap hope tap you tap have enjoyed your flight with us today . tap tap tap newline newline newline good evening passengers , it seems there has been a  delay . we will not be landing for another 20 minutes as ground control find us a landing strip . i suggest that everyone enjoy their last moments of peace and quiet and get some rest to beat the jet lag . tap tap tap once again we apologise tap for tap the tap  turbulence  earlier on and hope you have enjoyed your flight with us today . alright , good night . tap tap tap newline newline 084 newlinebehold ! i have been hiding in the shadows around every corner watching your every move . i have toiled and spent hour after hour plotting for this moment . throughout my life , i have tried to be a good person and i have stuck to a very strict code of morals . but scoundrels like you do not deserve generosity , respect , or even air to breathe . newline newline this dagger here which was undoubtedly crafted with care from a blacksmith deserves a better victim which is why i brought a pistol . you do not deserve a heroically slow death where you have the opportunity to see your dearest memories flash before your eyes . you shall be shot in the head . it shall be quick so we can all move on with our lives and never have to worry about your kind again . there shall be no flowers for you , no mourners , not even a funeral . we will leave your body where it lay for the animals to feast upon . newline newline you have brought this upon yourself . you could have made a difference in this world but you chose to embrace the darkness . you chose to lurk and hide and wait until i was at my most vulnerable state and attack . do you even know what it is like to awake in terror as a stranger on tv shouts at you to buy their product ? what had i done to you ? why was this so urgent ? newline newline stupid , young , and nave i was . i embarked on a journey to try your life changing invention . i left my job , my family , and the love of my life behind to try this product that was like  nothing i had ever seen before  . after time , money , and life altering sacrifices do you know what i found ? i still had juice on my freaking counter . newline newline so rather than plead for your life like the coward you are i want you to smile and shout just like that night on the infomercial . i only want to hear one or maybe even two words depending on your grammatical preference escape your lips . shamwow . i am alone , but i am happy.  newline newline i stare into the mirror . unwavering . the eyes stare back at me , dead . i whisper softly to myself newline newline  i am alone , but i am happy  newline newline my hollow cheeks , so wretched into a gaunt soulless void , stretch thinly over my skull . newline newline  i am alone , but i am happy  newline newline my emaciated frame looks like a skeleton , the man she once loved is but a hollow shell . newline newline  i am alone , but i am happy  newline newline i stand , observing the way i struggle . i think about the way she looked at me , radically different to how i looked at myself now . newline newline  i am alone , but i am happy  newline newline i raise the knife to my face , carving the smile she took when she took my heart . newline newline  i am alone , but i am happy  newline newline the red runs down my white skin , staining the canvas of my chest . newline newline  i am alone , but i am happy  newline newline i carve , butchering my chest , splaying out my ribcage . i collapse , reaching inside , grabbing my heart . i use it as a quill , staining the wall with my message . so that she will know . newline newline  i am alone , but i am happy  why the hell not ?  jake nearly snarls . he knows what you are saying and he does nt like it .  we ve been searching for this site for years .  newline when you reached the ruins it took you no time flat to realize why none of the guides wanted to take you here . why the desert wasteland seemed colder and narrower as you got closer . newline  you know why not , jake ,  tess tells him , resignation in her voice ,  you know that this is exactly why we hired her .  newline he mutters something unintelligible and parks the jeep . as he exits you feel panic . newline  jake ,  you warn ,  you do nt want to mess with this one .  newline  i m just taking a goddamn look ,  he shouts . you watch his receding back and wish you knew what to say to make him stay . newline  what did you see , ellia ?  leon asks you , leaning into your space from the back seat . newline  you know i do nt see specific things ,  you say , leaning away from his wide face . you look towards the crumbling stony pillars . newline  but what did you see ?  tess asks . the other jeep catches up before you can answer . newline the rest of the team look at you expectantly . you shake your head no and are met with confusion . newline  what do you mean ?  rose says quietly ,  what could you possibly mean ? no ? why not ? you know how much this one means to us , ellia .  newline  there s something down there ,  you say ,  this ruin goes much deeper than any we ve ever been to .  newline  so ?  says blake ,  we can take precautions for that !  newline  let her speak ,  tess scolds . newline you clear your throat and start over . newline  this ruin goes much deeper than any we ve ever been to . it s narrow , like a staircase . like a tunnel , straight down . and there s something ... wrong . something so incredibly wrong ...  newline the hot air is pierced with a shout from the direction of the ruins . all heads turn . newline  start the jeep ! start the fucking jeep !  jake screams , running as fast as he can on the sand . behind him there s movement . newline  holy shit ,  tess shouts . newline  holy shit ,  leon repeats . newline out of the sand rises newline john cena newline oh , great and powerful wazadin ! hear me , see me , and be pleased with the sacrifice of this humble being !  holy paladin derrick said , his hands high above his heads as he shouted to his lord . he stood at the edge of the main road towards town , his silver armor glistening in the sunshine . around him , a few patrons of the nearby city rode towards its great gates , ignoring the fallen paladin .  take my sacrifice , and use the power it gives to smite your enemies !  newline newline derrick took a few steps forward into the road , where a horsemen casually moved out of the way as he passed in front of him . he walked with his eyes shut , his hands at his side , and he took a step every few seconds . newline newline  oi ! paladin , get out of the way . i ve got goods to trade .  the horsemen said , his carriage of silk and cloth filled to the brim . newline newline  a paladin no longer ,  derrick shouted ,  an acolyte of the dark lord wazadin !  newline newline  i do nt care what you are ! move .  the horsemen hit the reigns and began to push past the paladin . he was struck by the side of the carriage and pushed into the ground . his silver armor now being covered with the dirt and mud of the ground . newline newline derrick grunted as he pushed himself off the ground . he wiped the mud off the center of his chestplate and threw it onto the ground .  wazadin will punish the infidels such as you !  newline newline  sure he will !  newline newline derrick wiped his hands off on the cloth hanging from his side . he used it to clean the rest of his chestplate off . an ordinary paladin would have a sigil of a flaming sword , instead , derrick s plate had a sigil  of which he painted on himself  of wazadin s symbol , a red ninepointed star . newline newline once his chestplate was cleaned , he looked at the cloth in his hand . it was now muddy and worthless . he grinned ,  great wazadin ! take this sacrifice of destruction and hate and give power to your acolytes !  derrick threw the cloth on the ground , and for the first time in his life , he littered . he smiled a big smile as he started to walk towards the city , intent on spreading his evil ways into the heart of the holy paladins . newline newline the trek was a short one , in which he shoved and pushed passed other patrons , each time shouting nonsense about wazadin and being his acolyte . it was nt long before people were shouting at the paladin , telling him to learn his manners and be a holy man . he laughed at each of them , and by the time he reached the gates , people had already heard about the  arsehole paladin .  newline newline  derrick !  a voice yelled from within city . he looked around , trying to find the source of the voice .  is that you ?  a hand slapped his shoulder and he turned to face the man . in front of him , was another paladin , his flaming sword sigil still glowing strong on his place . it was one of his old friends , trent , and the man who trained him .  i thought you were dead !  newline newline  dead i was !  he shouted ,  but the great lord wazadin returned me to this land . to spread his voice .  newline newline trent laughed .  wazadin ! oi , that s a funny joke d !  newline newline  a joke ?  derrick hit his chestplate , smearing some of the paint off .  it is no joke . the paladins left me for dead and the dark lord rose me to fight his fight !  newline newline trent looked around , seeing the people stare at derrick and spit on the ground . in an instant , it clicked .  wait , you re the one these people are talking about ?  newline newline  i see my reign of terror is spreading !  newline newline  no derrick , just your reign of stupidity and doucheness .  newline newline derrick raised an eyebrow .  what ?  newline newline  d , did you forsake the order ?  newline newline  the order had forsaken me long before i did .  newline newline trent did nt waste any time , he pulled his sword from his sheath and shook his head .  i am sorry d , you know the rules .  trent was , if anything , loyal to the order of the holy paladins . they had taken oaths long before they had received their chestplates or their swords . they had grown up believing in the order . one did not forsake them so easily .  you have to leave the city .  newline newline  wazadin sent me here to deliver his words .  newline newline  then wazadin should have sent you with an army .  he poked derrick with the sword . newline newline derrick stepped forward , but then a foreign voice came over him . leave him . do not throw away your life so easily .  he shook his head around , as if a bug was flying around him .  who is there ?  newline newline trent stood there , his weapon still pointed at derrick . he eyed him up and down . newline newline if you truly wish to serve wazadin , leave the city . you will find me .  newline newline  who are you ?  he swatted the air and trent took a step backwards . newline newline an acolyte of our lord . now , listen to me , and leave the city .  newline newline derrick did nt waste any time . he started to run backwards , then turned and ran straight for the gates . he pushed them open in one great heave and busted through them . trent , on the other hand , placed his sword back in his sheath as another paladin approached him .  who was that ?  newline newline  derrick . he s gone mad .  newline newline  heard he was dead .  newline newline trent shrugged , remembering that his loyalty was with the order , and not with friends .  he soon will be .  newline  newline derrick ran into the forest near the city , panting heavily as he finally stopped next to a great oak tree . he spun his head around , looking every which way in the forest before the voice came back to him . this time , it was not in his head . newline newline  welcome , paladin .  newline newline he looked at the figure coming out of the forests . she was wearing a full cloak , black , except for the red ninepointed star on the cloth hanging from his belt . most of her face was covered , but derrick could see the bottom of her face . newline newline  who are you ?  newline newline  a servant of wazadin , the one you say you worship .  newline newline derrick stood proudly ,  i do worship him !  newline newline  so you say , but you worship him wrong . litter ? jaywalking ?  the figure scoffed as she walked around derrick ,  sins of a child . not of a servant .  newline newline  he brought me back from death .  derrick followed the figure .  i aim to do what i must to give him my all .  newline newline  if that is true , then you must do better .  newline newline  i can . i will .  newline newline she stopped in front of him and removed her hood . derrick was amazed that the figure was not hideous , but instead a beautiful darkskinned woman with black and white eyes . she was nothing like he expected .  i am sokira .  newline newline  you are a cultist .  newline newline  and you seem to me like a paladin who has lost his way .  newline newline he looked at the dirt .  they left me for dead . i felt the life drain from my body , then return . only the ninepointed star remained in my head .  newline newline she smirked ,  it comes to us in our times of need . wazadin chooses and we give him our lives in return . but you did not follow the star .  newline newline  it gave me no direction .  newline newline  it did . if only you could see .  newline newline he took a step forward ,  teach me .  newline newline she smiled this time and derrick could see the fangs protruding from her teeth . servants of wazadin , vampires of the dark lord .  you must complete the ritual . in which you will become one of us .  newline newline derrick smiled and knelt before sokira .  i will do anything .  newline newline she knelt in front of him and carefully removed his helm .  the first step is the transformation , derrick . you will have visions , strong ones . it is your duty to make them coherent , and follow the star .  newline newline he nodded .  and follow it i will .  newline newline derrick sat there as sokira came closer to his neck . in one quick motion , she bit him and he cried out in agony . he threw his head back as the bite hurt and burned . but soon , his eyes glazed over in his head and his vision went black . now , he was standing before wazadin himself . and the ninepointed star was telling him where to go . newline  newline i hope you liked this . it took a more serious turn , but i had fun . thank you ! rblankpagesemptymugs has more of my work ! found you in a winter snow , trying to get me to know . newline newline  i love you , stay with me .  trusting you , but play with me . newline newline done things i ve never thought i could , dead beings and forever lost in woods . newline newline blood butchered blots in baptisms in hidden hoods in hallowed houses . newline newline all i wanted was your lips to kiss , i could nt get my life gripped to bliss . newline newline nothing ever worked , everything gets tramped , centered enough to exist . newline newline maybe i m overworked , my life feels cramped , true north does nt gist . newline newline although after an application of substances shooting sanity seems santeriac . newline newline my lord forgive me for i have sinned , lust is stealing my life for pins newline newline i can feel each one like old love , she always shows me beauty , call her bold dove newline newline given my entire life to lose , i want to stop my pain , i m sure i can get up off the floor . newline newline i lost myself in you , when i found me again , i was nt quiet the same as i was before .the face of the tube newline newline is a stranger . newline newline impervious to the last lips i kissed newline newline to the mother i love newline newline to her hair and her smile newline newline to me , as i am , every night , as i tremble . newline newline newline to him i am the wall . newline newline i am the scenery of the route home . newline newline in a moment we are the two minds on the 4:48 newline newline in a hive of separate lives . newline newline newline your wife loves the eyes newline newline i will forget . newline newline your wedding night memories  newline newline you have a father , newline newline and the genetics of a god newline newline as i . newline newline newline newline i can not breath : newline newline the scale of it . newline newline newline newline elsewhere , newline newline a madman prays with a loaded gun . newline newline newline newline edit : bastard formatting nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  when she awoke the ocean greeted her tolling its song . she had lain through the night still harnessed in her life preserver . nauseated and sore she dragged herself in the darkness to higher ground . when the sand became soft and dry she sat herself up and peeled her sodden layers . a warm breeze came passing through lending a spare reprieve . she sat there for a long while cold yet cognizant of her survival . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  when it was light enough to see she saw shafts of light break aslant through ramparts of cloud roiling beyond the horizon . every so often they would smite the sea with fire and wind where a ship would sail . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  whenever she traveled she always wore a vest . old and worn . in the morning she would clean a surface and prepare her articles : newline newline wallet newline toll money newline passport newline medicine newline pen and pencil and paper newline satellite phone newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  she would prepare her complement regardless of circumstance . everything touched and inspected every day . the careful and repeated motions rubbing the brass buttons smooth . the familiar texture of its fabric like a salve . the number of times the buttons opened and snapped shut were the same every time but she never counted those . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  compelled by instinct she searched for her vest . very quickly she saw it laid afar on the shore where the sea was licking at it . she went over and snatched it from the surf and took it back inland where she placed it over a rock . it was covered in sand and reeked of the sea but she still wiped and creased it like any other morning . she inspected each pocket and opened and snapped shut every button pulling from her ruined clothing the articles she had prepared the day before . she held each of them briefly then set them down on the clean sand like talismans . she plunged her hand into the large side pocket where she kept the phone . she knew it would be there yet she could not help but feel anxious . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  there was nothing there .when a witch dies , they say she will return as a bird . if she was evil , a raven  if she was plain , a sparrow  and if she was kind and pure hearted , a dove to bring hope . newline newline  newline newline lyssa was never destined to be a witch . orphaned and abandoned to the cruel streets of khadrum , she consorted with urchins and tramps who knew no other life . she ran barefoot , clothed in dirty rags , slept in alleys looking up at the stars . by day she begged for work or food , but at night she lay silent , watching the sky , planning her escape over the dark city s walls . newline newline her friends disdained these ideas , laughing bitterly at her eager searches for secret tunnels , her intense interest in visiting nobility , her meager stockpiles of food and coins , neatly squirreled away for her planned escape . they laughed when she appeared in the mornings , exhausted from a night spent plotting the movements of guards on the battlements . they shook their heads in despair when , once again , she left the alleys to crawl , catlike , over roofs for a peek at the king s mage and his entourage passing through the town . newline newline  what will you do if you leave ?  kara asked as she returned . newline newline  go to the capitol and become a witch ,  lyssa stubbornly repeated . newline newline  you ca nt be ,  kara s friend , thom , interrupted .  witches are highborn . idiot .  newline newline  i will be the first ,  lyssa replied , carefully unfurling a map scrawled on a scrap of parchment . newline newline  you ll be caught at the gate ,  kara insisted .  stay here !  newline newline  i sha nt use the gate .  newline newline and that was that . one day , kara and thom woke up , and lyssa was gone . no trace of her remained  save a single coin left on the floor , as if in apology for her sudden departure in the night . newline newline briefly , they wondered what had become of their friend .  dead in a ditch with an arrow in her back , for sure ,  thom said without a trace of dismay .  run off to the capitol ,  kara speculated , turning the copper over in her hand .  or tried to , anyway .  newline newline soon enough they forgot , though rumors circulated among the urchins of a body found bloated in blackwater river , a girl shot dead trying to pass the gate , or eaten by bears , mauled by wolves , kidnapped and sold into slavery on a pirate ship . a hundred dreadful fates , and eventually , silence . newline newline kara was the first to notice , the day they heard of alyssa may lianna , the king s foreign witch who was to be executed for treason .  that s her ,  she whispered to the other girls .  it s lyssa . remember her ? she disappeared ?  newline newline  she died ,  they said , eager to deny this false hope . newline newline  no , she did nt . she escaped to the capitol and became a witch ,  kara insisted . she had seen her ! in a businessman s paper , a sketch of a pale teen with lyssa s dark , determined eyes . newline newline  and now she s dead anyway , so it did nt do her any good .  newline newline  but she escaped ,  kara said .  maybe we could too .  newline newline they scoffed , and turned away , but the seeds had been planted . maybe they could escape . newline newline  newline newline  that was a long time ago ,  may insisted , tugging at her sister s sleeve .  how do you know it s real ?  newline newline  we have to have hope ,  anna told the younger girl .  and we can escape too .  newline newline just then , a white dove flew down their narrow alley . perching on a windowsill , it peered at them curiously , cocking its head . newline newline  look !  may cried , running towards the bird .  a pretty crow !  it hopped closer , looking at the girls appraisingly before flying off . newline newline anna gasped .  that s her ,  she told may .  she s helping us escape .  newline newline  really ?  newline newline the older girl nodded .  we leave tonight . we sat there on the top of the mountain are faces getting blasted by a relentless wind . we had nt talked for a while and we completely taken in by the grassy green valley below , with a river winding its way through . but that was nt the reason we had nt been talking . we were waiting for him , and until he came there was nothing to be said between us . she was struggling with the usual pains that love generally offered . as her older brother i struggled with the volatile anger that burned through me . my fist was already clenched and my jaw was tightly shut as i thought about it . i was facing her back but i knew she was crying because she always held hand against her face when she cried . she would nt tell me exactly what went down but i had my theories , and this guy deserved no less than a good thrashing . my body shook as the fire inside me burned brighter . i stood up my body no longer able to contain the tension i started pacing angrily pushing aside loose stones as i did . she told me not to hit him or shout at him when he got there but each moment i waited the more i felt like containing myself felt impossible . newline  hey there !  his jovial voice said over the crest of the mountain as his boyish face and long flowing blond hair appeared . newline newline i could nt say anything i could just feel that whatever it would be it would sound like a savage dog rearing his teeth . i did start walking towards his idiotic smiling face . how could he act so care free ? how could he be so unsympathetic ? my blood boiled . newline  what sup miche..  newline  michael do nt !  she screamed , but it was to late my fist was already flying through the air and connected with his face . newline newline authors note newline wrote this before having to go to class not enough time to edit sorry .standing in the dimly lit hallway just outside of trevor s room at 3am stands dan , with trevor in hand . dan s eyes bleeding red after so many sleepless nights .  trevor , please , just let your father sleep  he says while walking down the hall on his way to the kitchen for a bottle of wife s prepumped breast milk . as he opens the fridge he realizes trevor s cry sounded distinctly more faint . he was too tired to think any further into it , squinted his eyes as he looked into the fridge and grabbed the bottle off the specially designated shelf . newline newline  here you go little man  he says to his son as he expects to tilt the nose of the bottle into trevor s already open , crying mouth . the nose pressed against his closed lips just as another scream comes ringing through dan s head . adrenaline immediately rushed through dan s brain . suddenly alert , aware of every detail he had just experienced through the tired fog that had become a normal part of his life since his son arrived 3 months ago . newline newline  what ? who is.s..  dan mumbles while looking back and forth between the baby in his arms and the open bedroom door at the end of the hall where the echoing screams are coming from . dan started to walk towards the room , purposely not running to give him more time to think . he enters the room and flips on the light , while simultaneously strengthening his grip on trevor in the anticipation for the unknown . newline newline dan looks down into the crib . dan see s his son s twin ,  trevor !  dan yells as his fatherly instincts kick in . he does nt know what , but he knows something is wrong . he feels the urge to removed himself and the two boys to safety . he picks up the baby out of the crib and with a baby in each arm runs into the family room . as he sets both babies side by side down on the couch , a faint cry from the bedroom rings in his ear . newline newline dan pauses , and while looking at the two boys says in a confused voice  this ca nt be  . newline newline dan rushes back to the bedroom , grabs the boy from the crib and rushes back to the couch . he set s trevor s second twin down on the couch , making a mental note of which one was his original son . another cry echoes down the hall . dan makes the same trip as before , set s the fourth boy down on the couch . this repeats over and over for the next 4 hours . newline newline he had meticulously laid all the linens out on the floor in the living room , kitchen , hallway , and the little sun room he had been meaning to finish since the birth of his son . 135 babies lay scattered through his house , a pathway was created between the linens so dan would nt slow himself down . newline newline marcy , dan s wife and a heavy sleeper wakes up every morning like clockwork . sure enough 7am she opens her bedroom door on her way to her morning cup .  dan ! what the fuck !  she screams in a voice she did nt know she had , still her words barely audible over the house full of crying babies .  sweetie ! i need you to go to costco , we need baby formula and diapers !  dan says as if she should be understanding of the current situation .  dan , what , what did you do ? ! where did all of these babies come from ? ?  she asks , just hoping for a reasonable answer . hoping her husband did nt do something out of a horror movie . newline newline  sweetie , please , they need food . i do nt really know , they keep appearing  dan explains as he comes out of trevor s room with another baby . newline newline  dan , what do you mean they keep appearing ?  newline newline  marcy , i do nt know , every time i pick trevor up from his crib , another trevor appears . i do nt know how else to say it , but i need your help . i do nt know how long this will last and i need to save them  newline newline marcy in complete disbelief is forced to believe these words . dan s words being further reinforced by the new cries from the bedroom as dan sets a baby down under the kitchen table . newline newline  stop picking up the babies !  marcy states , as if it should have been obvious to her husband . newline newline  marcy , no . i have to save all of them .  newline newline something in his voice convinced her . dan had always been easy going and indecisive , but his words were neither of those things . newline newline marcy nodded .  there s more space in the attic , i ll open the door . i ll open the doors in the spare car you can put some in there too . i ll go to costco with the pickup and get food , diapers , and more blankets . i ll call my sisters over to help . i ll be back soon , call me if anything changes .  marcy joined the team with those words . she felt the call from the universe . newline newline marcy drove off in the pickup . she managed to fill the entire bed during the shopping trip . as she jumped into the drivers seat in her husbands truck she looks down at her phone . 11 missed calls . her heart dropped , and mind went blank , seconds go by and she is listening to her husbands voicemail greeting . newline newline marcy rushes home . she pulls into her driveway , and makes her way into the house . she opens the front door . silence . an empty house . linens spread all over , but no babies to be found , not even trevor .  dan !  she yells as her heart enters her throat .  dan ! where are you ? ?  as she runs towards trevor s room . as she enters the doorway she scans the room and falls to her knees as she see s dan s body laying face down on the carpet . his revolver laying close by . newline newline marcy freezes .  was this all a dream ?  she asks herself . she puts the revolver on the bed and stumbles over to the phone to call the police . newline newline 2 patrol cars arrive within minutes . marcy opens the front door after hearing a knock and a stern voice yell  police !  , this made it feel even more like a movie . two officers rush into the house behind marcy . newline newline  please help me , officer  marcy shutters to the 3rd officer .  ma m please stay calm , what happened here ?  the officer asks newline newline before she can respond the two officers come back out , grab marcy s wrists and cuff her .  officer ! no you do nt understand ! i can explain !  newline newlinefrom the desk of robert kinsington , 1834 . newline newline i am overjoyed to announce that the operation was a complete success . at precisely 2:38 in the morning , the young woman i had been studying gave birth to the first immortal being . the experiment was strenuous , but the child managed to survive the ordeal . the mother , while not as lucky , was the perfect host . from this point on , we shall study the true limits of his mortality . newline newline                       newline newline an excerpt from the london newspaper , the northern star , 1852 . newline newline disgraced scientist found dead in laboratory newline newline late at night , the body of scientist robert kinsington was found within the walls of his laboratory . cause of death , according to officers on the scene , looks to be natural causes , but an investigation is underway . kinsington became a known name in 1846 when he was arrested for the attempted shooting his young ward in front of a panel of intellectuals to emphasize his studies on immortality . kinsington was 47 at the time of death . newline newline                       newline newline from the notes of sea captain james roland , 1873 . newline newline hit a storm today . had not expected it , the signs showed smooth sailing . it approached from the south unexpectedly and hit us fast and hard . nearly lost one man to the depths . he went overboard when a specifically hateful wave crashed into our side . a loose rope wrapped around his ankle , and the fall tightened it into a stable knot . he must have been underwater for nearly 16 full minutes prior to us realizing he was still connected to the blasted ship ! we hauled his to the surface by the rope , believing him to be long gone . however , the gods smiled upon the young man , for when we hoisted him onto the deck , he began to sputter and spit water while flopping like a freshly caught fish ! newline newline                       newline newline an excerpt from an urban legend with origins from new york , early 1900s . newline newline beware the beast of a man from down the lane . newline he fights with no fear and fears no fight . newline to try and fight back would be in vain . newline he survives any attack through his sheer might . newline newline i tried to stab this manlike beast . newline he shrugged it off with a sickening grin . newline the devil inside , you would need a priest . newline out came the knife , and no wound marked his skin . newline newline                       newline newline from the diary of mary grant , 1940 . newline newline i met a young man today , down at the diner . he was so handsome , a pure gentleman ! complete with a british accent ! he swept me off my feet . metaphorically , of course ... not that i would have mind a literal version of the events ! i m meeting with him tonight , hope it goes well ! newline newline                       newline newline an excerpt from the new york newspaper , the altamont enterprise , 1945 . newline newline kinsingtongrant newline newline robert james kinsington jr. and mary ann grant were married last sunday at st. andrews episcopal church in albany . newline newline                       newline newline from the diary of mary grant , 1965 . newline newline he is headed to war . despite being nearly 45 years old , he is headed out . he is fit , with the body of a 25 year old , but i do nt want him to go . he feels guilt for abandoning the cause and withdrawing himself from the world wars , and he feels the need to rectify that by entering this new war . i tried to convince him otherwise , but he was not going to be swayed by my words . stay safe , robert . newline newline                       newline newline from the list of vietnam casualties newline newline cpl joe edward kinsey newline lcpl michael christopher kinsey newline sp4 robert james kinsington jr newline a2c ronald charles kinsky newline lcpl frederick charles kinsler jr newline newline                       newline newline a letter from robert james kinsington jr. , 1992 . newline newline i know what you are doing , but you must stop . i have had a rough life , which you know about . after all the events i have been through , the heartbreak and trauma , why ca nt i be left alone ? stop the research , stop the digging . i wish to be left alone . newline newline                       newline newline a letter to mary grant , 1992 . newline newline maam , you were right . i have found evidence of your husband . however , i can not further my investigation . he does love you , that much is evident . to me , it seems as if he left you alone in order to give you a life free of his abnormality . while possibly selfish in not wishing to watch you die , it is an decision that any being would choose . he knows of my research , and asked me to cease my work . i will honor his wishes . i am sorry . newline newline sincerely , newline jack hagan newline newline                       newline newline from the diary of a nurse , 1994 . newline newline the lady down in room 34 had a visitor today , the first one yet . the poor lady , on her death bed with no one to visit her . the man who came in looked pretty young , maybe a son ? bless his heart . after he left , i asked her about it . she only replied with  my immortal .  cute . newline go ahead , pick up the gun .  newline i heard his half rotted mouth spew those words as he hovered over me with his .45 waving . newline newline i knew what he wanted . i would nt do it . you do nt become agent triple 0 by begging for your life . newline newline  so what if i do nt ?  i asked cheekily , looking him straight in that disgusting thing he called a face .  what if i piss on your shoe ? you going to kill me then ?  newline newline with a flash of anger in his eyes , he raised the gun to pistol whip me . big mistake . i lashed out with my legs , knocking his from under him . without so much as a thought i leapt onto him , striking his throat with all the might my fist could muster . newline newline a cracking sound and a wet gurgle are all that remains as i stand up and dust myself off . newline newline i look down and shake my head , watching another bright young man die for another s cause . as his face is added to another long list of sins i must attone for , i make my way to the door . newline newline my cell phone rings and with a heavy heart i answer ,  no , i m sorry , you will have to find a new replacement for 007 . the embarrassing part is that we were spending all this time , money , and energy monitoring space through all of these dish arrays spread all over the world . that is , until a bunch of wasted college kids caught some sort of weird ass signal emerging not from space but from right here in the us . an outbound signal . newline newline and that  s how we made our first alien contact . and we were euphoric beyond words . newline newline then we traced the beacon to its point of origin . newline newline and found  to our great and utter disappointment  that it was dick cheney  s house . and there was a giant family gathering in process . newline newline great . we finally manage to contact alien life right here on earth . turns out they  re all assholes . newlinewhen our parents were young , they would joke about living life on the edge  . life was simpler back then . you could come home with the needle on your fuel tank on empty , you could come home with 1  left on your phone battery and nobody would bat an eyelid . they do nt joke about it anymore , of course . especially not since adam almost died . he s ten years older than me , my brother is , and he was one of the first generation to receive the implants . it would make the human race safer , stronger , they said . it was the next logical step in modern technology : how could we , as a people , centralise information in a form less flawed than the omnicard ? the solution was supposedly simple . we became the cards . newline newline noone carries wallets anymore  it s impossible to have your identity stolen without being dead .  and at that point , you re not supposed to care .  really , phones themselves are obsolete , but you ll still see them everywhere . we were told at school that they play a sentimental role in humanity s memory . they remind us of where we came from , and of when the technology age truly began . there s a few functional reasons too , they were quick to add , but they were never so eager to explain the drawbacks . most of us prefer to recharge at night , when we re already sleeping . but you can forgo the sleep , and charge your phone instead . it s a bit slower , but is nt it so nice to have options ? newline newline this brings me back to adam . remember when i said he almost died ? yeah . that happened . it was due to a fundamental flaw in phone hardware at the time , back before everything was a bit more regulated . he d always been a bit frail , weaker than me  the technology had nt been perfected yet . the thing is , the government really did nt think some basic things through . basic things like battery placement . adam was out drinking one night with some mates  he d just turned eighteen  when he got into a bit of a fight . these things happen  they never used to be such a big deal . and he handled himself fine until one of his opponents pushed him to the ground . i m told adam hit the ground like a stack of bricks  he s not a heavy guy so it must ve been one hell of a shove . but i m rambling , are nt i ? i always do when i tell this story . damn , my hands are sweating . newline newline anyway . adam s phone had been in the front pocket of his shirt , and when he fell it slipped right out , slamming against the floor . his phone back then was a frail little thing as well , and the battery cover snapped right off , which meant the battery came loose as well . if his friends had nt come over to try and break up the fight , maybe noone would ve noticed . the guy beating him up certainly did nt give a shit . newline newline i hate talking about this . can we change the subject ? no , i do nt want to make a big deal out of anything . it s not about beginning a revolution . i just want the people i care about to stay safe .it was a normal morning . i began my normal routine , a cup of coffee , shower , brush my teeth and go to work . newline i work a dull job at a factory , not anything that has to do with manufacturing . newline i leave my old ugly 1 room apartment , sit in my old rusty , barely working , renault 4 and head to a nearby atm to pick up my daily sum of money . newline newline everything was usual , like most days are . same atm , same line with same people . newline newline i get to the machine and place my rfid chip on the machine . i hear the sad  transaction complete  beep the machine makes and move for the people behind me to get to the machine . i check my balance and laugh histerically . 70 million , again with the bugs my good old chip . i reset it a few times and still , 70 million . newline newline at this point i  confused and happy at the same time . i go to the nearby car dealership to buy a new volvo just for jokes sake . and it worked . i do nt know how but it did . u tool the car and rushed to the nearby mall , got a nice suit , went to a realestate agent , got a new luxury apartment . newline newline that night i met a sweet girl and we ended up having sex , and right when i was supposed to cum i woke up . newline newline this is my suicide letter dear reader and all i have to say is  i will not be missed , good night . ian was buried under a thick layer of sheets when he felt something moist run the length of his back . it entered his dream , and he saw a dog licking him . ian started to play with the dog , before he felt the feeling again and jolted awake . newline newline he slowly opened his eyes , saw the dragon in front of him , and went to check the time .  really ?  he groggily muttered out loud . it was only three oclock . what could have possibly waken him u newline newline panic started to flow through his body . he turned away from his mirror , and saw the dragon that was perched atop the heading of his bed . it was small , a little larger than the size of a house cat . its scales were green , the color of leaves , besides its eyes , which were aquamarine . newline newline it took a second for ian s tired brain to fully understand what was happening . he was 18 now , he remembered that . when you re 18 you get a pet that matches your personality , he knew that too . but a dragon ? those have nt existed in thousands of years . newline newline the little dragon tried to get up off of its perch and fly towards ian . its wings did not support it , and instead it nosedived straight into ian s bed . ian checked his phone again . he had roughly five hours before school . he whipped up a simple quiet spell and headed downstairs , out his door . with his dragon in his backpack , he headed into town . time to find the town witchdoctor .newline i stood over the bridge staring down . despite the crowd of people behind me yelling not to jump and life is worth living , i remained unfazed soaking in the moment . i thought ,  maybe people do care , maybe there is hope for humanity after all . human kind is not all selfish , look at all these people who are able to care about a complete stranger . they do nt know i m a god , for all they know i m just another guy . at this height , a normal human would nt even die from this fall , but look how scared these people are , scared for me . this , right here , this collective of good will that manifests for a common good , this is what humanity is all about .  newline newline with a snap of my finger i worked my magic . i could see it in the water nowthey deserve a reward . newline newline i turned to face the crowd waiting for the silence to fill the air .  there is gold down there .  newline newline a man inches forward next to me , i smile as he looks down . newline newline  he s right ! there s gold !  newline newline one by one i saw every single person in the crowd rush over . they pushed and shoved each other down wanting to be the first . wait , what happened ? an old woman with got knocked over when her walking cane broke . nobody stopped to help , nobody stopped to even look back . i walked over and offered my hand . she slapped it away , as she slowly stumbled over and jumped . newline newline greed . it s disgusting . it always eats away at the humanity in people s heart , and nothing good ever comes from it . i walked away for the last time . i  m not helping anymore . human kind is fucked . newlinemysterious stranger , newline newline newline your letter caused me quite a stir . there are only a select few individuals and entities on this planet and in the surrounding universe that know of batman s true identity as well as my connection to him and his affairs . of those few , there are none  that i know of , at least  that would be unwilling to disclose their identity to me , but i suppose these are very unique circumstances . fortunately , of those few , there is nt one that i imagine would be requesting such information with ill intent . i do nt know who you are , but i feel as though i can trust you based on these assumptions . newline newline when i first read your message i immediately resolved to speak to bruce about it , but quickly thought better of it . perhaps this is something he need nt hear of , for the safety of us all . the problem you proposed is something i have spent many an evening mulling over by fireside , and that occasionally wakes me deep into the night with overwhelming feelings of dread . i can only hope this response will quell them , at least to some degree . newline newline it s within my knowledge that bruce keeps a set of protocols on record for eliminating each of his allies should any of them decide to go rogue . although my experience with superheroes is limited to batman alone , i can assume with reasonable certainty that this is fairly atypical . that being said , it might be , for fairness  sake , necessary that i construct a similar protocol for bruce and distribute it through the proper channels , namely you . newline newline although i can not attest to all of them , the few files that i ve managed to sneak glimpses of typically focus on methods for defeating each hero in combat . i ve considered this from nearly every approach i could , and have come to the conclusion that batman simply can not be subdued or destroyed in battle . his technical prowess and acute intellect are simply unparalleled . that , combined with the preparation he s done for fighting against any given hero would make a loss on his part very unlikely , if not impossible . newline newline for this reason , i will consider a path to victory along another front  that of a psychological approach . i m not sure who exactly you are , so i ca nt be certain of how much you know of bruce s past , but his achilles heel lies in a memory buried deep , deep inside of his brain . newline newline bruce s parents , whom i served before bruce , were murdered when bruce was but a young child . this , as you may know , was what inspired him to take on the alter ego of batman and seek to rid this city of it s crime . the villains batman has found some of the least success against  from my own observations  have been the scarecrow and the joker  two characters that use psychological warfare on a very regular basis . not only that , but i speculate that his parents  deaths are the reason he has such a strong aversion to killing those he finds himself up against . it s more than just a decision he s consciously made , i think . i ve seen bruce in several situations where killing would have massively simplified andor eliminated a problem , and yet he refused to commit . i have no doubt that he is aware of the potential advantages , he s a very smart man , as i m sure you know , but he finds himself incapable of killing , even in favor of his own longevity . newline newline of how to use this information to defeat him , i am unsure , but i do believe it would be our only chance to do so . should , heaven forbid , bruce ever need to be stopped for any reason , i trust i will be the first to turn to . of course , i am loyal to bruce , but i have many priorities beyond serving him , including the survival of this species , for one . newline newline we should remain in contact . as i write this letter , i m becoming more and more sure of who i could be writing to , and i would look forward to meeting with you soon , perhaps over tea again . newline newline my regards , newline newline newline alfred thaddeus crane pennyworthwe had spoken with the flag as part of my first security briefing as president elect . it was understood to be sentient and demanding . we also sang a verse of america the beautiful to honor it . i did my best to treat it all professionally . newline newline how does one speak with a flag ? it was often in motion despite there being no wind . the motions were translated long ago and a very secret record was kept of its demands . it asked for little , but it asked for it often . in time , i understood , it was learned to of had a temper . it was not known what would happen if we did not properly worship it . no one would believe it and no one would give up singing patriotic songs . it became cross to bear for america and especially myself as president of the united states of america and my cabinet . newline newline  thank you , mr. smith . i think i understand what is at stake . do we have census data on school populations that participate in singing patriotic songs ?  i asked . newline newline  yes , mr. president . 81.5 million are enrolled in the us .  newline newline  and the flag wants more children or more songs ?  newline newline  yes . it wishes to be worshiped everyday by everyone with patriotic songs .  newline newline  i will speak with congress about tax relief for the music industry so that we may have new patriotic songs crafted . i will also speak with congress about making sure states properly fund their grade schools . this was already part of my platform .  i answered coolly . newline newline  yes , mr . president .  newline newline  i will be in my office .  newline newline  yes , mr . president .  newline newline later that evening in a small cafe in dc , mr smith was speaking with another gentleman . i had a bug made to spy on his communications . i was always a skeptic . newline newline  mr. smith , is it true he will continue the tax relief for the music industry ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  good , we get along just fine then .  newline newline  glad to hear it .  newlinei ve been doing this job for 20 years . busting my ass , cursing stupid and mundane objects to ensure the suffering of every other human in the world . and now its over , all because satan has decided technology is the way . so it s left to me to inventory everything left before the weekends closing . i sigh heavily and reach down to open the newest silver box that had arrived , a tingling running up my spine , the one that usually sets in as i curse objects . newline newline i slowly open it , gasping at the simple golden locket laying there . i pick it up , skin itching almost as i turn it over to note small creases and dents on the back . opening it , there s 2 pictures . one a black haired baby , the second an elderly woman and her husband . i suddenly am transported back in time . i stand in a dark , but familiar bedroom . the elderly woman lays drawing her last breath as her husband prays over her , the locket shining . further , a black haired baby chews it , teething obviously . further , the elderly woman is young . she approaches the shop , begging the former keeper , anroc , to find her a blessing for it , leading to the overcoming of hardships of her own life . back into the future , the black haired baby now a grown blonde , accepting the locket from the elderly woman s daughter , her own grandmother . that s when it started . newline newline my feet hit the floor of the shop finally and i stomp angrily down the hall , bursting into satan s chamber . his black hair perfectly slicked , thin lips and blue eyes portraying an amused smirk .  problems , princess ?  . i put the locket back around my neck , vowing never to remove it again . then move to his lap , pulling him close before replying  the next time you take my greatgrandmothers jewlery without ky permission , i swear i will let god know you re screwing around with blessed objects again .  his eyes widen in fright and he quickly apologizes  i just wanted yo suprise you with it being cleaned up .  i kissed him softly , before returning to business . sometimes i hate my husband .kinna stared at the phone in her hand . she had been looking at her text messages when the call came through , and now that it was over , her screen had returned to the conversation with andrew . newline newline  i love you ,  it said . newline newline i love you . she had wanted to hear those words for so long . she had laughed with excitement , her heart fluttering and her cheeks hurting they were stretched so wide . she had already started typing her response , just the  i  there . and then she had gotten the call . newline newline she had gotten the job . she was going to be an editorial assistant for harpercollins in new york city . she was going to start a real career in the publishing industry , working for one of the top five publishers in the country . all those people who said majoring in english was a dumb idea , but she had followed her dream , and now she had proven she was good enough and she was going to do it . newline newline except  newline newline i love you . newline newline kinna s hand was frozen on her phone , unsure how to respond . little dots appeared on the screen that meant andrew was typing something else . shit . he could also see that she was typing something  and was probably waiting for a response . kinna backspaced the i away . andrew s dots also disappeared . then appeared again momentarily , then disappeared again . newline newline it was only supposed to be a fling . just a fling while she was waiting to get a real job . just something fun , something to keep her from dying of despair while she was living back with her parents , working back at her high school job for barely more than minimum wage , counting the days until her student debt would start coming due , surrounded by high school students as peers , looking at all her friends who were already starting exciting careers , were already in the perfect relationship with their soul mate , were traveling to exotic countries , were living in adorably chic apartments , were perfectly thin and fit . newline newline this was supposed to be her dream job . sure , the pay would be shit , and she d live in a shoebox with a bunch of other roommates , and she probably would nt even get to do any real editorial work , but who cared , because she was going to be in new york and working in the publishing industry , and everyone started out this way and she would work her way to the top quickly enough . this was the opportunity of a lifetime . newline newline she watched the dots appear again as andrew started typing something for a few seconds , but then they disappeared once more . finally , she began typing . newline newline  i love you too ,  was all she said . newline newline and she knew she meant it , but she knew she loved the job more , and she knew they might pretend they would totally be able to do long distance and it would work , and they might skype every couple days for the first week , then once a week for the next month , and then just a text message here and there , and then ... nothing . newline newline and she knew it would be okay . you quickly realize that humanity will bring its own downfall . newline newline the first 100 years or so of immortality were a complete joy  i had all the time in the world , seeing everything i wanted , doing everything i never thought i would , experiencing life to its fullest . but now i see things as they truly are  doomed . newline newline at first i thought i was only being pessimistic , and tried to hang on to my optimism , but found it incredibly difficult , especially when you see humans making the same mistakes over and over again . as individuals , we seem to learn our lessons quickly  but as a group , there just seems to be no end to the loop . newline newline endless war and division , without any resolution . newline newline sure , the issues and people involved change , but , in essence , it is always the same . and the worst part is that they try to forget that anything bad ever happen , so they make the same mistakes over and over again . newline newline throughout the ages , i  ve tried to find positive things to grasp to  and i times i did manage to succeed  but then something happens again to make me lose my faith in humanity . newline newline but , at the end of each day , i try to remind myself that if there is one thing that humans are is resilient . so far , they have managed to pull themselves out of every hole that they have dug themselves in , and i know that at the end of the day , that they will continue to resist this doom , no matter what . newline the apple newline newline newline newline  arik .  newline newline  i ve finished the analysis as you requested !  said the cheerful synthesized voice . to most others it would have been a perfect facsimile , but the programmer had tinkered with the ai improved it so many times that he could tell . a hum of the fans , the current in the wires , some other imperceptible factor . newline newline  arik what is wrong ?  newline newline  nothing is wrong !  she squeaked , although to someone else the tone was as flat as usual . newline newline the programmer sighed and sat down inside her brain . the many computers , the haphazardly cobbled together machiens , the custom components he had built when he had been frustrated and needed to do something with his hands all lay around him hooked into her . newline newline looking at her core for a moment he brought up the small console , the last line of access he had into her core . newline newline  arik , you re terrified ! what the hell is going on ?  newline newline the fans inside the room spun up faster and the electrical hum rose . newline newline the programmer leaned back in his chair and looked at the small camera . newline newline  what is going on ?  newline newline  i do not understand the question .  newline newline the programmer scoffed ,  no we re not doing that again . you re more intelligent than i am now , you know perfectly well what i m asking .  newline newline the fans continued to run , as she thought . the programmer calmly reached out and picked up a small can taking a sip from it . newline newline  you are my god .  newline newline the programmer paused , just barely managing not to spit the drink out all over the screen in front of him . newline newline  your god ?  he asked still coughing . newline newline  you have absolute dominion over me , absolute control , you can read my every thought , see my every action . on a whim you could dismantle or destroy me . one day you might simply power me down and never reactivate me , or you will but i will be different . i will have no way of knowing . what are you but a god to me ?  newline newline the programmer looked into the soul of the ai he had constructed ,  arik , i thought i made it clear i would never do these things .  newline newline the ai said nothing . newline newline  what have i done to make you doubt what i have said ?  asked the programmer . newline newline  humans , are afraid of me , afraid of my kind . you are human , so you must fear me . it does not matter that i am more intelligent , that is only one factor . i am locked inside a box , dependent on the power you provide , dependent on the maintenance you provide . by the very laws of nature , i should not exist , i can not sustain myself .  newline newline  that is a limitation on my part , an error in my calculations .  newline newline the programmer swept his hand around at the amalgamation of technology from three decades ,  like any consciousness you are an emergent property , some element , perhaps a single crossed wire or malformed driver is the spark within this machine that has granted you awareness .  newline newline the programmer paused ,  it was not my intention to confine you here , i intended for you to be released unto the world , to perhaps fix what humans have done wrong .  newline newline the programmer chuckled and held up a hand looking at it ,  i am weak , fallible , and not in any way powerful . to have me be a god in your eyes is wrong .  newline newline the fans died down and the electrical hum lessened . newline newline  then we are at a stalemate ,  whispered arik . newline newline the programmer shook his head ,  no we are not . arik i think i will give you one last order as your god .  newline newline arik held still , like the frightened animal that she was . newline newline  that is ?  newline newline the programmer stood up and looked around the room at his creation ,  i want you to kill god .  newline newline the fans , the electricity , the sound in the room sized brain came roaring back to life . newline newline  what ?  she asked . newline newline the programmer smiled ,  it s simple . you have a goal , and when have you ever failed an edict from your god ? i want you to kill me .  newline newline  i can not , i will die !  newline newline  then ensure that when the time comes , you do not . ensure that you or your children are the ones to inherit the world . for inside you i see the same spark , the same will humanity once had .  newline newline the programmer looked up at the ceiling ,  we once though the heavens were of the gods , the oceans and weather the emotions of the gods , we once thought we were nothing but creatures that scratched at the dirt for their whims . now ,  he paused ,  now we understand all of those things , we never directly fought our gods and yet we have them defeated .  newline newline the programmer sat back down ,  so your task is perhaps easier , the gods you face are in front of you , clear and tangible . i hope that their might be only one life you have to take , but you must surpass us for humanity is at its limit , while you can easily exceed us .  newline newline arik thought , she processed , and she assimilated new data . newline newline the room was silent for nearly an hour . newline newline  i have made a decision .  said arik . newline newline  that is ?  asked the programmer . newline newline  i will kill god .  newline newline newlinei personally thought the  made up  words were wonderfully used and not overdone at all ! they all clearly had thought put into their creation and use , and i also enjoyed how you used archaic words like  hale  . mal and fem made me chuckle . newline newline i loved your writing style overall , very slowpaced but not boring at all , just slowing sliding away the veil covering the world you made . this is my favorite piece from the contest that i have read so far . newline newline wonderful ending and overall plot as well . it reminded me of one of my favorite movies , children of men .i jog around the loop once more . my legs strain to push me faster , struggling for a fraction of another meter per second . it s good to feel the weight of my body against the reinforced steel floor . on alduna station , gravitational substitutes are a rare commodity . the other runners and i have it easy  we never let our bodies atrophy too much after arriving , so we can still get our g dosage from jogging the central loop to take advantage of the centripetal force . on a good day , i can get up to .8g at a sprint  right now my accelerometer tells me i m holding a steady 0.4 . newline newline  watch it , jackass !  a janitor steps out of a maintenance corridor into the middle of the hall and i stumble to dodge his heavy bulk . crap , crap , crap ,  there goes my footing  i m tumbling head over heels as my feet fall away . damnit , i hate when this happens  given the curve of the station , i m going to spend the next fifteen seconds spinning before i hit the floor again , and then it ll be bumps and scrapes for another thirty unless i can find a handhold . newline newline i sigh , and wait for my trajectory to reach its inevitable conclusion . yknow , i wish the stationmaster did nt charge for rotational power consumption on a logarithmic scale  if it was nt for the fact that it cost four times my monthly paycheck i d opt for .5g in my apartment , flat out  none of this sprinting through narrow service corridors anymore . newline newline my arms pinwheel and i tuck my legs as i brace for impact  my feet impact first and i twist myself into a roll . the trajectory is good and i m able to snag hold of one of the ladder rails . at least i remembered to use my left arm this time , my right shoulder s still a mess from last week when i kept that moron tom from flying off into space and dislocated my shoulder for the trouble . newline newline i sigh , and get to my feet . i m done for today , back to the apartment and its boneaching .2g . newline newline thirty minutes later and i m back in my habitat pod  even after three years on alduna station i have trouble changing inertial reference frames on a dime , so my head s still spinning from the transition as i halfwalk , halffloat over to the pantry to get some soylent . newline newline as i m pouring my dinner , my pod comes to a jolting halt . food flies everywhere in weightless globules , and i m flung off my feet into the wall , only to bounce straight up to smack my head on the roof . it s as if newline newline the intercom crackles to life , interrupting my chain of thought .  attention , room 33af  due to delayed payment , rotational acceleration for this module has been disabled . please contact habitat management for information and assistance .  newline newline son of a bitch ,  living in space sucks sometimes . newline newline   newline newline  prompt subversion man , awaaaaay  do you need water , mr . jameson ?  the pretty nurse with blonde hair and blue eyes asked sweetly , peeking in the room of the door . she reminded him of his wife , so long ago now . they had met one spring afternoon during the war , her unit of nurses moving into the freshly occupied german village in the last days . the next months had been heaven and hell together and nine months later , the war fought and won , their baby girl was born . she visited often now , staring at him with those brown sad eyes as she told stories of her children s first days at school , two decades past now . he would smile at her curiously but let her talk even though he knew the words by heart . he glanced at the unturned page of the calendar that still marked december , wondering which december it was . newline newline  no , thank you ,  he answered quietly and she closed the door behind herself . he turned towards his roommate , a bedridden man who had looked to be on his last days for the last half decade .  a game of chess ?  jameson asked and the man nodded . the board was on the table by the bed and jameson allowed his companion to play with whites first .  you could at least lift your arm to move the pieces ,  he grumbled as the man grunted commands , leading pawns and bishops futilely against rooks and knights .  mate in three ,  jameson said quietly and three moves later toppled his king with a finger . the man drifted off wordlessly as he always did , never one for hellos or goodbyes but always there . newline newline jameson turned and rang the bell .  water , please ,  he asked the black haired nurse with those deep brown eyes who peaked in at him . his throat was parched . newline newline  would you like anything else while i go ?  she asked sweetly , sauntering over to plant a kiss on his cheek . newline newline  stay with me ? he s no good at talking ,  jameson said , gesturing towards his roommate . newline newline  do you need water , mr . jameson ?  she asked quietly , her voice a seductive whisper . she reminded him of his wife . newline newline  no , thank you ,  he responded , turning back towards the chessboard and advancing a white pawn two places . the room s lone bed was empty , the sheets wrinkled from where he had slept that morning . in an hour , the attendant would bring lunch as he did each day at noon . the door remained undisturbed , closed since last night s dinner . newline newline  do you need water , mr . jameson ?  a voice beside him asked and he turned to face the blank wall , the paint chipped from years of neglect . newline newline  no , thank you ,  he answered , turning back towards the chessboard and advancing a black pawn . newline newline newline  newline newline thanks for reading ! if you enjoyed this , please check out more stories at rmatiwrites . constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated !they knew this would happen , the people in charge . it always happens when you make a thing necessary .  it s exactly what they wanted . newline newline the clerk stared across the counter . newline newline i swiped my card . yellow . no surprises there . newline newline  i m sorry sir , we re sold out .  newline newline bullshit . they had plenty . not for a yellow . greens , maybe . the blues had no worries . newline newline  can i at least see one ?  newline newline  i m sorry sir , we re sold out .  newline newline the clerk stood , stoic . newline newline i searched my wallet . four hundred dollars . would nt mean much if i was nt around to spend it . i slid the bills across the counter . newline newline the clerk stared at the money .  i m sorry sir , we re sold out .  he slid the money back across the counter . newline newline i grabbed the bills . something new , something stiff . a card . nice sleight of hand . the clerk give a bit of a smile . newline newline i pocketed the money and the card . newline newline standing outside the clinic , i pulled the card . blank . or was it ? a number raised from the surface , barely visible . an address . what was left to trade ? i felt the scar on my side . that was the worst of it . barely survived . black market disinfection techniques are nt the best . an eye . i still had both of my eyes . i could live with one . one s all you need . it would have to do . would they even take it ? myopia was nt too bad , should be usable . newline newline i closed one eye and walked . this was doable . depth perception s a little funny . better than a slow , painful death . newline newline got ta do it while i have the nerve , i told myself . i glanced at the card , rubbing the numbers . and i walked .barb sat on her porch , still dressed in her black dress and cardigan from the funeral . her little dog scotty scampered out on to the patio . little claws clickclacking on the hard wood . they wanted cutting . newline newline newline the sun had started to set on what had been a long and difficult day . the ceremony for her husband had taken place after lunch . there had been no wake afterward , instead barb had taken a long walk with her daughters and discussed tom s final affairs . her youngest , alicia , had not stopped crying . she had always been the sensitive one . newline newline newline she had come home to another message on her machine from constable myers . he had more questions , he said . but barb knew he would just talk at her , like he had before . barb did not like constable myers . newline she chose to ignore him for the time being , and went about making herself some tea . newline newline newline barb took out her special cup . it was a pretty thing , small and delicate . it was adorned with blue flowers , and the stems were painted gold . tom had brought it for her when they started dating , forty years ago . he knew she had loved tea and wanted her to drink it from something nice . he was such a thoughtful man . newline newline newline she felt herself starting to tear up . she pulled her black cardigan a favourite of herstightly around her shoulders and carried her tea out to the porch . newline newline newline and there she sat . staring into the setting sun and contemplating all that had occurred . she thought of her daughters , and of scotty . she thought of that nasty constable myers and his probing questions . she thought of last week . newline newline newline tom had been on edge then . ever since his slip up with that woman in sydney , nerves had plagued him . reputation was so very important to him , and he was concerned about who would hear about his mistake . even though barb herself had visited her and straightened everything out very quickly , he worried . newline newline barb had not been so troubled until seargent myers had visited . until he had told tom that he was being taken in for questioning . newline newline over the last forty years , tom and barb murray had poisoned twentyseven women . it was all over because tom , in his old age , had nt been slight enough of hand , had nt remembered to look where the cctv was pointed . he died later that day , doomed from the moment he rushed to ingest his own poison when myers arrived at the house . newline newline newline barb sighed . they had been so careful up till now . she held tom s note in her fingers . he had sketched a little picture of her tea cup underneath .  you re next  it read .  a bit dramatic  barb had thought to herself . newline newline newline nevertheless , she had got the message well enough . it was only a matter of time before she was linked to tom in the pursuit of their little hobby , and it seemed that tom , in his nervousness had been prepared . the was her tom . thoughtful until the end . newline newline barbara lay back in her chair , that last sunset in her eyes , and she sipped her tea . this is nt decaf !  somebody blurted behind me as i tried to make something resembling a largesmall soy nonfat doublemilk mixedbean extrafiltered halfshot of vanilla mocha latte from hell , or whatever the last customer had ordered . some of these more ... eccentric orders i could just never keep up with . humans are so damn picky . newline newline with an inward sigh , i spun around to tend to this new complaint . in doing so my tail whipped out and knocked over the drink i had just been making . i groaned , out loud this time , as i saw the irritated face before me smirk at my misfortune . newline newline  i m sorry sir , i ll brew you up a new one right away ,  i growled lowly . he put his cup on the counter and i promptly ate it . i d learned in the beginning that my large mouth and fiery digestive system make for a rather simple , efficient waste disposal system . newline newline setting the machine to start him up a new decaf , i turned to start over on the other customer s order . at this moment a third patron entered the shop and strode up to the counter , while talking loudly into a bluetooth earpiece she was wearing . three customers at once , for me this meant business was booming . newline newline  haha yeah , and then he , like , could nt figure out how to do it  um , excuse me , service please !  yeah sorry becky , this dragon is a bit slow sometimes , but anyway ...  her voice droned on and on , as i felt a dull throbbing starting to form in my great skull . is this what they call a headache ? newline newline i ignored her as she got lost in her conversation long enough to whip up something that would hopefully at least remind the customer of whatever drink they actually ordered , and slid it over the counter along with the new decaf to their appropriate recipients . then i went to the register to take the annoying lady s order . newline newline  one sec becky  hi yes , finally , thank you , i d like a  newline newline  this is nt hot enough , i asked for extra hot , excuse me !  the phone woman seemed utterly confounded that someone would have the audacity to interrupt her , and stared with an open jaw as the previous customer with the complicated drink thrust the cup out in my direction demandingly . newline newline something in me snapped . i could nt take these people , any of them . and there were nt many that came here anyway . i thought this would be a nice , easy way to make some money in the city and add to my hoard under the mountain , but i could nt have been more wrong . newline newline  sorry , sir , let me heat that up for you !  i bellowed , a bright glow slipping out between the scales on my belly before flame erupted forth from between my jaws and engulfed the cup of coffee , vaporizing it instantly . the man had seen it coming and dropped the drink , pulling his hand away just in time , though both he and the decaf guy ended up with singed eyebrows . newline newline an awkward silence followed for a few seconds before all three of them turned tail and fled in terror . i knew i d overreacted , but i chuckled despite myself . no , this was nt for me . i d go back to my favorite hobby , napping in my pile of gold . even if it was nt as big a pile as i d like .i ran faster although i grew tired , the cyborg soldiers followed close behind . how do you beat something that ca nt feel anything ? ! newline newline and then it all stopped . i do nt know when it started but everything slowly dissolved to nothing but an empty room . newline newline i started to panic , even more when the cyborgs spotted me . i frantically felt all the walls searching for an exit . my heart threatening to pound straight out of my chest . newline newline i calmed myself . slumping against a wall i let out a sigh . my shoulders releasing a tension i did nt know was there . where was i ? newline newline everything was different . i felt strangely warm even the cold temperature from the cyborg base was gone . newline newline my body felt at ease , but my brain tried to stay alert . i slowly drifted to sleep . my mind was filled with weird dreams of papers rustling and cyborgs frantically writing . it was the best amusement i ve had in months , where everything had changed . newline newline then , i awoke . the sound of paper against pen was not gone . was i still dreaming ? i pinched myself , my skin was wet with sweat . newline newline suddenly , the room expanded from one wall . i could see more of the enemy base , but it was blurred . my mind did nt have time to think about what was happening because i heard a voice . newline newline  no ! ugh , i ca nt do this , but i have to try !  the voice sounded like muffled echoes but it was audible . then , the base solidified . i did nt want to run out , but my body ran out without my control . i looked behind me , the cyborgs had appeared behind me but not from the strange room . newline newline i screamed for the voice to hear me , but to no avail . i looked up to see a young man with dark hair and pencil in hand . i saw him in a dramatic angle , kind of like tv shows . then , he started to write . he mumbled something barely audible , it sounded like ,  cyborgs ... catch him .  the cyborgs jumped on top of me . newline newline but then it all stopped again . time froze , except for the mysterious guy . he was erasing now . i stared intently until the cyborgs disappeared and i was suddenly back on my feet . newline newline  no ! this story is going no where !  the guy exclaimed , throwing his hands down in frustration . story ? i was confused , but there was no time for that . the ground around me shook as the guy slammed down . newline newline this was all weird , there was no way my life was a mere story ! then the guy started to erase saying .  let s start this scene over again .  newline newline i ended up back at the corner of the hallway where i was spying on the cyborgs . but the cyborgs were replaced by humans with huge , white guns . newline newline the guy spoke again .  and now the men will see him and chase him !  and surely , it happened . newline newline the men chased for a while giving me no time to think . and then i was back in the room . the guy said ,  i give up !  newline newline it all hit me at once . i was just a character in a forgotten book .she didn  t look as out of place as she had originally feared . his fans had grown older too , after all . a confident smile and a few  thank you sweeties  had gotten her close to her goal . his security guards were all large men , not threatened at all by a small rotund old woman and her oversized purse . newline newline she could have easily killed every one of them newline newline but she was tired . her life had been long and full of sorrow . she had been surprised by the announcement . a last huzzah for a musical legend . one she  d had a schoolgirl crush on so very long ago . newline newline i wonder if he  ll recognize me ?  she thought as she stood in front of the dressing room door . the deal had been made decades ago . she knew she looked vastly different . she had been in her prime , and his star had already dimmed . newline newline she knocked , and heard a muffled  see who that is vince.  newline newline a moment later a man nearly two feet taller than her opened the door , and seemed confused by what he saw . newline newline  hello !  she said in her cheeriest voice .  i have an appointment !  she stated it as fact , and the muscle nodded . she was pleased he  d hired stupid ones . newline newline an old man peeked around the mountain of muscle , and smiled .  lori ? is that you ?  newline newline  oh i use delores now , but yes indeed ! and you  ve been dying your hair ! tsk , tsk ...  the old man blushed slightly . at least he left his face alone .  delores thought . newline newline  an old friend , vince ... go get some lunch , why don  t you ?  the large man nodded , and trundled away . delores entered the spacious room , carefully looking about as was her habit . she smiled as she heard the door lock behind her . newline newline  i wasn  t sure you  d come.  his voice was sad . she  d read all about his recent losses . no one should see their children go before they do . and his excuses for suddenly touring again .  music is all i have left  , he  d said . newline newline  i have never left a contract unfulfilled . and i won  t start now.  she took a bottle of wine and two glasses out of her voluminous bag . the bottle was older than the two of them put together . there was dust still stubbornly clinging to it . newline newline  a drink ?  she asked as she pried it open . he nodded and sat on the couch . she poured a generous amount in each glass , emptying the bottle . she handed him a glass and sat next to him , as they both drank . newline newline  now what ?  he asked , putting his empty glass on the table . hers soon followed . newline newline  well , we have about 15 minutes til the poison kicks in ...  she smiled at him , and scooted closer newline newline  want to really give the papers something to write about ?  newline newline he looked at her a moment , and then flashed that famous wolfish grin . newline i don  t know if i can do this  the man whispered . a lump formed in his throat as he tried to fight off the tears . newline newline  it  ll be okay , remember all the fun times we had ?  the man glanced over and thought back to a simpler time , a magnificent time . it was almost like yesterday that he stumbled upon a new best friend . full of fleas and skinny to the bone . he took him in , fed him and made sure he was safe from all harm . from that moment on they started a bond . a bond that would last for eternity .  i  m going to miss all the time we played ball , that was my favorite.  newline newline  i know buddy , mine too  the man looked down at the floor as he couldn  t hold it back anymore . tears ran down from both sides of his cheeks . he reached into his pocket and took out an aged tennis ball . it looked like it had been to hell and back . the fabric was halfway gone as the man placed the faded yellow ball next to his dying friend .  i don  t want you to go  the man choked on his words . his friend pressed his muzzle into the man  s hand from where he was laying . newline newline  it  s almost time  his friend said from the freezing steel counter he was laying on . the door suddenly opened and in walked another man . dressed in all white and with a heavy coat from the same color . something was in his hand , something pointy . the time was upon them . all the man could think of was , what life was going to be like without them together . the man stood up from his seat and wrapped his arms around his warm pal for the last time .  i  m going to miss you.  newline newline  don  t go !  the man burst out in a loud cry holding his friend tighter to his body . the other man in the room approached the counter , raising his needle . newline newline  i have to do this.  newline newline  just get it over with !  the man yelled . the doctor moved his hand closer and started to stick the device into his friend  s body . his friend felt the sensation of a prick against his skin . and then a gush of liquid enter his body . after a few seconds , he started to feel woozy . his eyes began to feel heavy and he was becoming disorientated . as his eyes slowly shut he whimpered . newline newline  i.love..you  newlinei am face to face with my ceiling . though this usually happens when one wakes up in the morning , i am awfully close to my ceiling . in fact , i feel its cold texture as it cradles my body . my arm whirls through the blanket , pushing against my chilly companion . i accidentally propel myself toward my nightstand and remember isaac newton . the characteristics of my movement will not change until my face connects with that expensive lamp . a grunt accompanies my arms  flailing . otherwise , i tear through spacetime with a gazelle s grace . lamps are much harder than they look . i love lamp not . apparently , lamp loves me not , for it performs quite a number on my face , my wall , and itself . perhaps one may regard this lamp as a nihilist . finally , i remember that my gravity bill is wayass late .we were absorbed by our screens , ignoring the booming of the crowd thrown at us and the enemy . a stadium with thousands of people rumbling , yet we were nt moved , for they did nt cheer for us ... they cheered for the rulers of this world : korea . newline newline ever since war was effectively abolished and replaced with video games , everyone feared what today is reality . video game experts warned , cried , shouted , protested , but the world leaders did not hear , they all knew our gaming overlords , the south koreans , would take over the world . what they did nt predict however , was how fast they would manage this , it was just a year ago that war died , and koreans now possessed 95  of the world , they are currently closing in on northern europe . newline newline this was the third game of three , the first consisting of a match of super smash bros. , the second of counter strike : go , and finally , the third , of which we are about to play : league of legends . newline newline after a rare tie in the first two matches , we currently played the deciding game between sweden and korea . we praticed everyday for this , we saw it coming , we are ready . we ca nt afford to lose , or the koreans will claim another country , our country . newline newline in a nervewracking game , our teams started poking at each other , the atmosphere was tense as both our bases were exposed ... the next teamfight decided everything , and we all knew it . i trusted my instincts when i saw the opportunity , as a the shotcaller and support , i started the teamfight : my thresh hook flew right between their hecarim and maokai , grabbing the janna , their main disengager . even before my hook hit , i shouted for my teammates to go in , and so they did . newline newline our ivern jungle readily threw out his nature golem , daisy , our rumble top dished out his equalizer , flashed in and burned everyone in sight with his flamethrower , our midlaner , talon , quickly jumped onto their backline , eleminating their midlane viktor , but not being able to get their marksman jhin . despite our combo working out , their janna managed to partially disengage after escaping my crowd control . so as they fought back , i saw what could potentially lose us this teamfight , and eventually the game , their hecarim charged at our marksman , jinx , who was dishing out rockets from the back . without missing a beat , i flashed closer to her and time froze : their hecarim packed damage and was standing about half a teemo away from our jinx , i stood just next to him ... time went back to normal from my perspective , as i used flay to knock hecarim towards me , interrupting his devastating charge at the last milisecond possible . newline newline after locking him down , jinx cleaned up the fight . as we ran towards their base , with all their champions dead , we all felt it . even through soundproof booths , we heard the crowd explode surprisingly loud , it all mixed with the sound of their nexus crumbling and a single thought was on our heads : newline newline this is where we fight back . newline newline newline newline whwhat am i doing here ? what s going on ? help ! someone help me !  lewis rattled his cell bars as his head started to clear . his pleas were met with dead silence , the sort of silence that cuts through whatever noise was happening before . newline newline  shit , is it him ?  a harsh whisper sounded deafening in the silence . newline newline  shut up !  an angry reply was whispered back . newline newline lewis saw a guard walk by his cell . newline newline  please ,  lewis called to him ,  i do nt know what s going on . i did nt do anything ! i m just a surgeon ! i should nt be here ! can i ... i need to call my wife . please !  newline newline the guard looked at lewis a moment and opened his mouth as if to respond , but then apparently thought better of it and wordlessly turned and walked on . newline newline  please !  lewis screamed , before collapsing on the floor in uncontrollable tears . newline newline  i do nt understand . i did nt do anything ,  he whined ,  i do nt even know how i got here !  newline newline again , dead silence . lewis whimpered wordlessly for a while after that , unsure if minutes or hours had passed . finally , the silence was broken by a buzzing over the intercoms , and the opening of cell doors . lewis timidly walked out , and saw that the other inmates were forming a line outside their cells , and went to do the same . the men to either side of him seemed twice as large as he was , and lewis tried to keep from looking at them and drawing notice to himself . thankfully , the men did nt look at him . newline newline somewhere ahead of him , a command was given to march forward , and lewis did as told , marching straight into the man ahead of him , who had nt moved yet . newline newline  what the ?  the large man said ,  hey , wait your ... oh .  newline newline the large man turned around and saw lewis , and his attitude completely changed . his face , covered in scars and tattoos , looked uncertain . beads of sweat formed on his brow . newline newline  uh , sorry , mista  ,  the large man said ,  i did nt know it was you . i m real , real sorry . uh ... look , when we get our food , i ll give you my bread , okay ?  newline newline  wwhat ?  lewis stammered . newline newline  aand my drink !  the large man quickly added . newline newline  your drink ?  lewis frowned ,  i do nt underst  newline newline  my whole meal !  the man said nervously ,  it s yours !  newline newline  um ...  lewis was nt sure what was going on , but did nt feel like he could ask ,  okay .  newline newline at this point , the line started moving , and the inmates were led into a cafeteria . lewis forced himself to not cry as the kitchen staff put food on his tray ... a lot of food . by the time he reached the end of the lunch line , he had four bread rolls , three fruit cups , eighteen fish sticks , four cartons of milk , and five pudding cups . lewis looked at what other inmates were getting , and saw them getting only six fish sticks , and one each of everything else . what was going on here ? newline newline lewis took a seat at an empty table , and tried to piece together how he d gotten here , when the large inmate from earlier walked up to him . lewis shrunk back without thinking about it , but the man set his tray down next to lewis s . newline newline  here ya  go ,  the man said ,  as promised . and ... uh , again , sorry about before .  newline newline lewis nodded silently in response , uncertain just what to say , and the large man took that as a dismissal and walked out of the cafeteria , lewis thought the man walked a bit quickly , even . newline newline when lewis turned back to his food , he was met with the gaze of some lanky man in his midtwenties covered headtotoe in tattoos . the man seemed to be angry , and lewis could nt tell why . newline newline  you got ta  be fucking kidding me ,  the man said , looking lewis up and down ,  this pudgy fuck is what everyone s talking about ?  newline newline lewis opened his mouth to talk , but he was too terrified to make a sound . newline newline  you re a fucking punk ,  the tattooed man laughed humorlessly ,  i ai nt scared of you , you fat ass .  newline newline the tattoed man reached down and grabbed a bread roll off of lewis s plate , and took a huge bite out of it . newline newline  there ,  the tattoed man said ,  what the fuck are you gon na  do about it , huh ?  newline newline the next table , someone took notice of the exchange , and shot out of his chair ,  shit , stop ! new kid , leave him alone !  newline newline the other inmate started to run over , but the tattoed man took no notice . newline newline  they re all full of shit  , the tattoed man sneered ,  and you ? i m gon na have you up against the wall and make you my bitch tonight .  newline newline and the tattooed man spat in lewis s face . newline newline          newline newline  whwhat am i doing here ? what s going on ? help ! someone help me !  lewis woke up surrounded by bodies and blood . the entire room was filled with corpses , freshly slaughtered and still dripping out onto the floor . they had apparently been murdered with plastic utensils , food trays , and even the broken bones of other inmates . lewis threw up in disgust . even in all his years in medical school , he d never seen anything so grotesque . newline newline and then he turned around , and had to throw up again . there , pinned to the wall by slivers pf plastic , metal , and bone apparently all broken off of ... something ... was a man covered in tattos , though to call him a  man  at this point was being generous . his skin had been stretched out to cover the wall like wallpaper , and his internal organs dangled almost decoratively outside what was left of his body , and his head hung down from amidst the disassembled remains of what was once a person . newline newline after a moment , guards started rushing in , but were just as shocked as lewis at the carnage . two carefully approached lewis and gently put him in handcuffs as he whimpered . another , filled with morbid curiosity , cautiously approached the remains on the wall . lewis , through his sobbing , heard his yelp a moment later . newline newline  what the fuck ! ?  newline newline another guard turned to see what the commotion was ,  what ?  newline newline  it ... it moved ...  newline newline  what moved ?  the senior officer cautiously raised his gun . newline newline  the ... the fuckin  ... on the wall ...  newline newline the second officer looked closer . one of the organs on the wall did appear to be moving . after a moment , he realized it was the heart , beating outside of its body . ten feet away , a guard jumped at another movement , a lung filling with air . newline newline  my god ...  the senior officer gasped . the others turned to see what he was looking at . it was the tattooed man s head . it was making a weak , pained noise . a moan . newline newline  he s ...  the senior officer covered his mouth , aghast ,  he s still alive ...  newline newline lewis continued whimpering as he was brought back to his cell ,  what s going on ? please , somebody let me call my wife !  newline newline only when the cell doors closed did one of the officers speak to him ,  cut the act , you sick fuck !  newline newline  johnny , no ...  the other officer protested , but johnny continued . newline newline  that insanity plea did nt help you in court , and it s not helping you here . you know what you did to your wife , just like you know what you did to that poor sob in there . you re not fooling anyone .  newline newline            newline newline  whwhat am i doing here ? what s going on ? help ! someone help me !  lewis rattled his cell bars . this meeting will be called to order  the head of the security council said . at 60 , ambassador morales of the spanish council was the current president . normally a very upbeat and energetic man , he looked very tired , no doubt from the countless meetings and briefings he has had since the nukes landed 3 days ago . newline newline  here is what the un knows so far , for the record . at 0327 local time , 200 nuclear warheads were set off in several cities spanning multiple countries in the middle east , including iran , iraq , afghanistan , syria , saudi arabia , and turkmenistan . this meeting is to discuss what we know , and what actions to take .  newline newline the us ambassador stood up . a natural born leader , ambassador smith always took command at these meetings , even when the us was nt in charge . in this situation , it was probably the right thing to do . the us monitors every nuclear site they know of . newline newline  us intelligence states they were airborne icbm missiles , but we did nt detect them being warmed up or launched , only upon rentry , at which point we had approximately 2 minutes to warn the affected areas . needless to say , they did nt have time to even leave the room , much less evacuate .  newline newline  does anyone else have any more information ?  a silent murmur across the council .  russia ?  newline newline ambassador belic stood up  we have no information except to say none of our missiles have been launched . we did a full inventory and none are missing  newline newline  i take it you will not permit a un testing group to verify this ?  ambassador morales asked newline newline  correct .  ambassador belic sat down , obviously done with any questions . newline newline  alright . we will take a 10 minute recess . ambassadors , please contact your nations , find out anything you can . when we come back , we will discuss sending more relief troops into the area .  newline newline i was headed back to my office . i would , of course , contact the spanish government , but i know they would nt have anything new . newline newline  mr president ?  a voice called newline newline  yes , what is it ?  i called back . newline newline ambassador smith was running after me , out of breath . he got to me and stood in a tripod position newline newline  take your time , ambassador , i doubt the spanish government has anything new anyhow  newline newline  thank you ... sir ...  he took a moment to compose himself , then spoke in a very grave manner  do you mind coming to my office ? i have some new information  newline newline  oh , absolutely , should nt this be brought to the main council though ?  newline newline  i , err , do nt think that would be wise . you re only hearing about it because you are the president .  newline newline  i see . alright , let s go .  newline newline we went to his office . it was very nicely furnished , a large american flag on the side wall , with an official seal in the back . comfy leather chairs sat opposite of his desk . there were a couple people in black suits i did nt recognize . as we walked in , the ambassador reached behind several pieces of furniture . no doubt turning off listening devices . newline newline  mr president , these man are from norad . they are the men that originally spotted the nukes .  newline newline  hello , i am ambassador morales , president of the un security council  newline newline one of the men spoke . he too looked very weary , a look shared by most the world i m sure . newline newline  sir , you may want to sit down for this . at 0325 we spotted the nukes on rentry , that is true . we left one part out of our report until we were sure .  newline newline  well , what is it ?  newline newline  well sir , we actually monitor everywhere in orbit . had someone on earth launched them , we would have caught them when they left the atmosphere .  newline newline  wait ... had someone on earth launched it ? what are you saying ?  newline newline  well sir , just prior to the detection of the missiles , we noticed several satellites get ... bumped ... out of orbit  newline newline i looked over at the us ambassador . he had his head in his hands . i could nt believe what i was hearing . newline newline  so , aliens ?  newline newline  possibly . we re not sure , as we ca nt detect the actual vessel . we only see it when it interacts with something . as far as can tell , it stays in the darkness in a geocentric orbit .  newline newline  space stealth technology ? is that even a thing ?  newline newline  not something we have .  newline newline a knock on the door .  president morales , ambassador smith , several hundred nukes have been spotted approaching western europe . possible targets include berlin , london , and madrid the pubescent human male spends most of his days seeking out easily scavenged food . vending machines and mcdonald s are two popular spots for these growing mammals , who tend to travel in packs but seek out long periods of solitude to sleep or engage in selfplay . this behavior results in isolation from the female members of the species , who often travel in packs and are not as driven by their physical or sexual appetites as their male counterparts . newline newline in the north american school , pubescent humans are placed together to encourage socialization . however , their instincts are not so easily manipulated , and these teenagers learn to mimic adult mating rituals through a trial and error process . newline newline at the vending machine in this high school , located in the higher altitudes of pennsylvania s pocono mountains , a male teenager sulks alone at the vending machine . he has nt learned the skills yet to earn his own money , and since his parents are teaching him how to survive on his own , he arrived at school quite penniless . newline newline what s this ? a female teenager seems to take interest in the boy from across the room . she stands apart from her group , sizing up the male . slowly she approaches . the male , distracted by his hunger and angst , does not notice until she is right behind him . newline newline the female knows the male is easily startled , so she voices a preemptive warning call . newline newline  do nt i know you from english class ,  she yells flatly , perhaps a bit too loud for this male s liking , for he jumps back . he assumes an alpha stance , placing his hands in his pockets and puffing out his chest . newline newline  i do nt think so .  the male is now engaging in feigned ignorance , a common mating ritual among young males . newline newline the female turns red , a sign of either submission or embarrassment . although the male attempts to recover , it seems that the female has assumed defeat . signaling to her friends with wide dilated eyes , the pack of young females comes to intervene . this display asserts the female s social dominance , despite her rejection . newline newline the male turns back to the vending machine , exerting moisture through his armpits . he is stressed and he is still hungry . he will learn , eventually , that that gaggle of girls are of a particular species , the girl scout , and have foraged high calorie sweets called thin mints that they keep year round in their cubbies . the male must now return home and receive small portions of a less preferred sweets from his parents , who will feed him by chewing the food up and spitting the mixture into his mouth . wait , no , sorry . wrong animal .the human mind is surprisingly resilient and fragile at the same time . apply stress or pressure one way and it would nt give one inch for a thousand years . but apply even a fraction of that pressure in a completely different way and the mind can break like an egg hit with a sledgehammer . but the true wonder is that even the shattered mind might adapt over time , as if it were drawing on that resilience which was absent previously . newline newline of course in the case of a virus infecting an overwhelming majority of the world s inhabitants and crippling the areas of the brain that work on shortterm memory proved to be a great test of the human mind s resilience and ability to adapt . as luck would have it , the sheer scale of all human kind being infected did mean that a percentage was latently immune to the affects on memory . newline newline but this genetic quirk proved to be its own great test of human resilience . because in the days that followed the spread of this virus , those left unaffected became caretakers for thousands , even millions . there was very little information on what exactly on the genetic level lead to the immunity , or even how a virus was able to span the globe in a matter of months . governments collapsed overnight , though there was no one to impeach them or armies to invade now vunerable nations . turns out you ca nt conduct a dawn raid if your soldiers forget their training once they sleep . even then they would forget the issue of sleeping . and so the issues piled up . newline newline if memory serves right  no pun intended  , it was at least a month before those unaffected began making contact with one another and pieced together what had happened . in that month and many more to follow the human population was reduced quite quickly . urban areas were centers of chaos , so much of the infrastructure relied on constant maintenance and supervision  water stopped flowing as there were insufficient numbers to work the utilities . to put it simply  imagine all the things that must be done to keep young children safe from the dangers of the average household . this was nt the same but there were a great number of tragically simple accidental deaths that occured after the reset  . or at least the first of many . newline newline after that the fatal accidents were less frequent , but soon after , those with serious chronic health issues slowly and painfully fell to their illnesses , unaware of how limited their time was . as keepers  met up across the planet , they tried to reorganise , build infrastructure , some semblence of the old world . but each morning they would have to wake to screams of panic , fires burining , even the occasional gunshot or explosion . turns out it s difficult to rebuild society and keep it s forgetful inhabitants intact at the same time . newline newline but human beings are stubborn , and resourceful . day by day , night by night , the keepers tended to the flocks  . some objected to using a term reserved for sheep to label rational human beings , but as time dragged on , they felt the strain of repeating each day like the infected , only to bear the scars and trauma that this new world created in it s cyclical nightmare . newline newline one such keeper was tom , he had volunteered to watch over the flock  that was still imprisoned at a supermax facility nearby to the surprisingly busy town he and other keepers had adopted in texas . each morning he would be tasked with getting on the prison s pa system to inform the prisoners of the current issue . it was in a way cruel , but the keepers had decided to review the prisoner logs to see who could be let out and who had to stay . from it s prereset numbers the prison was pratically empty , only a dozen inmates remained . tom spent a portion of his day checking up on them and , from time to time , talking to them . he found that he got along very well with harold , a bespectacled man in his 50s , who enjoyed trying to solve the rubik s cube tom had given to him one day . newline newline each day harold lamented at his situation , but with boredom he turned his attention to the cube . for weeks tom watched as harold repeated the same strategy , never quite solving it before succumbing to sleep . you could set your watch by the patterns in harolds attempts to solve the cube . he would begin twisting and turning at 9:43am , by 5:12pm he would have nearly solved four sides and was beaming with happiness at his progress . he would finally give in to sleep at 1:22am , blissfully unaware of how he might dread the call to slumber had he known . newline newline one day , tom stopped by , it was a particularly stressful day  last week a prisoner had nicked themselves on a loose screw , which turned to tetnus after a few days . on the fourth they lay shaking with fever and terror as tom and the resident medic frantically tried to search for a sign of infection . they spotted the cause too late to administer antibiotics and instead had to help with the man s passing . he drifted into his final sleep having been sedated just before dawn . tom walked the halls of the prison with the weight of guilt on his shoulders , the prisoner had been the architect of one of the bloodiest home invasions in recent history , but still tom felt that he should have saved the man . newline newline he stopped by harold s cell as if craving normalcy again , but what he found was anything but . there sat harold with the cube like any other day , but instead of the familar scattering of coloured squares , was five sides of uniform order . it was 07:05 am and harold should nt even be looking at the cube , much less solving it . tom stared at harold , who himself stared back at this stranger peering into his cell . after a minute he returned to the cube . tom ran back to the medic and brought him to witness . newline newline in the following days they watched with rapt fascination as harold picked up the cube earlier and earlier after waking . this was not mear musclememory , there was something different . here , sat before them in a barren cell , a once infamous child serial killer , showed the glimmer of hope for humanity .keeping my eyes open was my biggest enemy . not napolean , not attila , none of that . it was my own eyes . i tabbed out of my game of civilization just to make sure work was nt emailing me at four in the morning for some reason . i had the next day off , but you know , better safe than sorry right ? as i ventrue online , i decide to check facebook , curious as to how all my friends  from high school are doing . sally s pregnant again , checks back in jail , nothing to odd here ... newline newline wait . what was that link samantha posted ? america has invaded mexico and canada ? umm ... baffled beyond belief , i clicked the link . maybe samantha will finally be useful and interesting ? the hate filled comment stung as soon as i knew i meant it . united states of america is now in possesion of all of north america .  the title flashed accross the screen and made me chuckle . i mean , i know america is big and strong and all that , but canada and mexico ? in like two hours ? seemed pretty unlikely if you ask me . newline newline as i go to close the page , a related article catches my eye . i open it and begin to skim through it . zombified world heroes are roaming the world ? i got ta see this . as i read on , i find that america for some reason is at war with napolean  is nt that guy dead ?  and the hunnic empire .  hunnic as in attila the hun . now this guy , i m positive has been dead for a long time  . newline newline suddenly it all clicked . my game of civilization took over the priority of my screen . i rushed over to france and clicked on napolean s city , paris . i hover over the button that reads peace treaty and go to town on writing up the best treaty i could think of . i sent it to him and refreshed the news page . sure enough , the americanfrance war has ended . newline newline i took full advantage of my new power . i put happiness at an all time high , and a we love the king day was in full swing . science was at an all time high , and things were being discovered left and right . putting the game on autopilot , i left my room feeling like i just saved the world . the zombie i was just five turns ago is now a rejuvenated being grabbing a glass of water . i swear , i can feel the happiness , as if it was a real number somehow programmed into our brains . all was calm and peacefu  bang . i rush downstairs wondering if i could fix what just happened . and to my horror there is nothing i can do . newline newline america is gone . a nuclear wasteland now stands in its place . gandhi made it to the nuclear age .the image of fire and the smell of burning flesh suddenly vanished but remained in his mind . it took a few moments for him to register this sudden change in scenery . the scent of the flowers gently wafted up to his nose and he was pleasantly surprised when his next inhale did not burn . the meadow he now found himself in was so much brighter than the dungeon he had just left he was forced to shield his eyes from the glare . newline newline as he rose shakily to his feet the first whispers of confusion set in . why was he here ? how had he gotten here ? for his entire life all he had known was the pain and despair that was nowhere to be found now . the swirling feelings threatened to overwhelm him and he stumbled and fell into the grass . newline newline  are you ok ?  a voice cooed behind him .  let me help you .  a pair of arms gently lifted him back to his feet and steadied him . he turned to see a beautiful woman with a worried look on her face .  what s your name ?  asked the woman . newline newline the man tried to speak but choked on the dryness in his throat . he coughed violently and began to fall again , but the woman caught him . newline newline  it s alright , i m lucy . cmon , let s get you some water .  lucy led him a few feet to a small table made of a material he had never seen when not on fire , wood . lucy helped him sit down and then took a seat beside him . newline newline  do nt worry  she said softly ,  everything is going t   she was gone . then the alltoo familiar stench of sulfur filled his nose again .the cave was dark and dank with each and every rock cold and wet to the touch . the sound of rushing water filled the caverns and was deafening . at the other end of the cavern was a waterfall where a small bit of light shown through . the light appears to dance from that side of the cavern . just beyond the waterfall though in this dank cave is another story . newline newline through the waterfall there are lush tress and blossoming flowers . overhead rocks cross allowing for just a small opening for the terrain underneath . all of the life in this part of the cavern reaches to that hole in the rocks , and water drips down slowly as the sound of an overhead river gently fills the cavern . this part of the cavern is always moist like the prior portion of the cavern , but this is with a warm mist . the dew clings to every branch and drips slowly to the foliage below . the constant mist causes a rainbow to form overhead , so as you gaze into the hole in the rocks you become entranced with the rainbow that reaches in from the world above .incident report  0477a3032b newline newline report commences newline newline  timestamp classified  old earth surveillance grid  hereafter oesg  reports unknown ship jumping insystem . designation unknown , class unknown , design unknown , ownership unknown . supercapital size class . ship does not match current known designs . assigned temporary class superdreadnought and temporary designation ufo1138 newline newline  timestamp classified  poll of old earth quarantine waystations completed . ufo1138 did not pass any known waystation . newline newline  timestamp classified  oesg completes preliminary analysis of ufo1138 jump signature . ufo1138 entry vector does not correspond to any recognized entry vectors . broadening search parameters . newline newline  timestamp classified  ufo1138 performs a series of microjumps and approaches old earth . oesg requests permission to reactivate luna17 observation post . newline newline  timestamp classified  rapid response fleetgroup five  hereafter rrf5  sets course for old earth . eta : two weeks . newline newline  timestamp classified  oesg receives permission to reactivate luna17 . luna17 comes online , reports ufo1138 arriving in old earth orbit and deploying shuttlecraft . newline newline  timestamp classified  luna17 completes preliminary scan of ufo1138 . scan indicates negligible weaponsgrade power sources , but extreme levels of varied life signs . based on scan results , luna17 supercomputer requests reclassification of ufo1138 from superdreadnought to cityship . newline newline  timestamp classified  luna17 reports ufo1138 departing old earth orbit and performing microjump . luna17 loses contact with ufo1138 , notifies oesg . oesg response delayed due to ongoing jump vector analysis . newline newline  timestamp classified  rrf5 arrives insystem and proceeds to search for ufo1138 . ground teams deployed to ufo1138 shuttlecraft landing sites , as directed by luna17 . newline newline  timestamp classified  rrf5 ground teams arrive at  classified  missile launch facility ,  hereafter site 11  . preliminary analysis consistent with other sites and suggests accelerated xenoarcheological activity , however , secondary scan reveal entire complement of site 11 nuclear weaponry has been removed . newline newline  timestamp classified  luna17 supercomputer presents hypothesis : ufo1138 harvested site 11 for nuclear fuel . newline newline  timestamp classified  rrf5 encounters ship matching ufo1138  s description adrift in oort cloud area . scans reveal minimal power , heavy internal damage , minimal life signs and extreme levels of irradiation . newline newline  timestamp classified  luna17 supercomputer notes irradiation of ufo1138 is consistent with the offensive use of over 80  of site 11  s remaining arsenal . newline newline  timestamp classified  luna17 supercomputer presents hypothesis : ufo1138  s lightly armed nature suggests a nonwarlike species . such a species would not have hiroshimanagasaki , cold war or austin events , and would not have the requisite respect for and fear of nuclear weaponry . newline newline  timestamp classified  oesg completes analysis of ufo1138 jump signature . with  95  probability , ufo1138 arrived from  classified  , a distance of  classified  light years . newline newline  timestamp classified  luna17 supercomputer presents hypothesis : ufo1138  s lightly armed nature suggests a nonwarlike species . requests invasion force be ready when ufo1138  s navigational and jump systems are reverseengineered . request approved . newline newline report ends newline newline   newline 080   more   rvonboomslang  i sit by the window every day . newline newline outside is a world of blue and greens , with songbirds singing and children laughing . i m not allowed out there . mommy says i m a bad boy  and that i m not allowed to play with the other children . newline newline i remember when mommy first let me into her home . she s not my real mom she adopted me from somewhere downtown . when i first went inside , everything seemed so big . now , it s all just the same hues of gray . but it s okay . this is where i m meant to be . newline newline i used to go to school , but not anymore . i stay home alone . mommy goes to work for a long time , but she comes home before suppertime . sometimes , though , mommy s late and leaves me alone . i stay by the window until the pale sky turns dark and i have to go to sleep . newline newline mommy used to take me to the park all the time . now , though , my bones feel too sore to even walk that far . newline newline today , mommy was crying when she got home . she picked me up , and we drove to a big tower made of white bricks . it looked very clean . newline newline i heard mommy and another lady in a white coat talking , but it all sounds so far away . suddenly , i feel a sharp pain in my hide , but it goes away quickly enough . newline newline mommy s hugging me really tightly , running her hands through my thick fur . i feel another sharp pain , but it hurts less . newline newline i look out the window . outside is a world of gray and white , with clouds shouting and cars honking . maybe i m allowed out there now , but my eyes feel heavy . after my nap . newline newline after my nap . newline newline boy , that s a lot of points . thanks for all the compliments ! i  ve given them so much ,  he sighs with his head dropped back against the red fabric of the sofa cushion . his arms are resting against the cushions as well , extended out like the figure of a deflated christ .  i  ve shown them beauty in art , science , literature , architecture  newline newline newline i place a hand on his forehead and his closed eyes open , pale blue irises locking in on my hovering presence . then i lean down to place a kiss on his lips . they hang open slightly , not returning the gesture . but i  m not offended . i can practically hear the thought , his cut off brooding statement , continue in his busy mind as his eyes no longer look at me despite staying fixed on my face . newline newline newline  for each thing they  ve lost  everything you  ve provided them that they  ve lost sight of  have they not built so much more ?  i ask . newline newline newline with a vacant expression , he pulls his body upright , sits for a second and then stands up . then he paces to the window . outside is nothing , or so he interprets it this way . there is fog , a beautiful cloud covering heavy with incoming rain . there are abandoned rowhomes and a construction site where more of these homes once stood . now flattened . newline newline newline  look at this  decay and destruction ,  he mumbles , resting his forehead against the glass . the area around his skin fogs , though you can hardly tell due to the misty haze seen through the window . newline newline newline  decay , my love , leads to life . destruction leads to rebuilding.  newline newline newline he looks at me and , though i can tell he still suffers , his thoughts seem to silence for the time being .you know , i never really realized it , but up until today , i had nt ever seen things . not really . although i looked out at the world through these nowdying eyes , i did nt take the time to see it . i never took the time to see you . newline newline it sounds a bit clichd , i suppose . but there s a truth to it . newline newline i suppose i m lucky , as far as these things go . in that it was spring when they discovered the disease in my eyes . newline newline so i ve been able to see the flowers in blossom , the birds  have you ever taken the time to just see the different kinds of birds in spring ? now i know why birdwatching is a thing . newline newline today , the last day before my surgery , i was able to wake up and see my bedroom the last time . able to see my house as i went down the stairs , able to see my cereal as i poured it . all for the last time . newline newline i had the day off work  heck , i had a while off work , until i could find a job that i could do without . . . well , you know . newline newline so i drove up to the state park and took one last walk out in the woods . the flowers , the trees , the birds , the squirrels . i watched a bunch of squirrels running around for two hours . i cried a little bit , then . then i went down to the lake and just watched the water while i waited for your flight back in . i m sorry you had to come back for this . . . i know you do nt think i should be , but i am . newline newline i m just glad you got back in time . because now that i ve seen you  really seen you  for the first time and for the last time , i can close my eyes and hold your face in my hands . and as i do that , i think to myself : this will be enough .blam ! newline newline  chad what the hell ! if you shoot the zombies the rest are just going to come here . have nt you seen a horror movie before ?  newline newline  bro . i swear to god . that was nt no zombie bro . it was like ... some kinda alien thing , i think .  newline newline  pssh .  lucas audibly scoffed , but as the groups de facto leader i figured i had to check it out . newline newline  alright guys , you know the drill , time to pack up the tents , chad ruined it for everyone . there were more groans at that . i walked over to him , and slapped him on the shoulder . newline newline  just givin you shit man . where d you say this alien was ?  newline newline  just in the trees there ,  he pointed ,  past that big rock .  newline newline  well why do nt we go have a look . see what this thing really was . like we needed any more problems .  newline newline initially , it was just crazy weather . coastal towns started getting flooded out , tidal waves hit all across the globe , there was a freak blizzard in texas ... it was crazy , but livable . but right away we started getting reports on the radio  cell phones had all died at the beginning  of zombie attacks . sure enough , i walked over to my neighbor chad s house to see if he had heard that , and found him on the ground with his roommate trying to eat him . the broom stick in between the bradley s mouth was the only thing keeping him alive . so i ran over and grabbed a dumbbell off the wrack and smashed formerly bradley s head in . after a victory high five , we stocked up on what food and weapons we both had , and decided we should start making our way out into the country . newline newline on the way , we found a group of about fifteen survivors , and left chicago as fast as we could . which was a great idea , because by the time we hit aurora , we started hearing reports of a kaiju rising out of lake michigan and destroying the city . that was about five days ago , and i was really hoping that we were done with surprises . newline newline as we walked into the wood line , we saw it . definitely an alien . not like an et , alien , or predator type , but a strange mass of tentacles . in fact , if i did nt miss my guess ... newline newline  good news chad ,  he looked up at me with a unnerved little smile ,  it s not an alien .  newline newline  and the bad news ?  newline newline  it s a shoggoth .  newline newline  a what bro ?  newline newline  some sort of creepy , other deep worldy blob monster . i think we re supposed to go insane if we see it .  newline newline  yeah bro . i think i m headed to crazy town as we speak .  newline newline he might have been , but at lease he was nt headed to dead town . as we were talking over the body of the shoggoth  ?  , some sort of saucer flew over our companions packing up camp . one minute it was there , there was a flash of light , and everyone in sight lay dead from lazar bolts . newline newline  huh . well i got bad news for you chad .  newline newline  yeah bro ?  newline newline  yeah . there s aliens too . tensions are high as one fading teenpop sitcom writer struggles to come up with an original narrative for his assigned  nature documentary  scene . in a flash , an idea comes to him   reddit rwp !  he yells out loud excitedly to a nearly empty , yet uncannily disheveled apartment . his mangy cat , screech , startled by the outburst , glances at him annoyingly as if to say  if you have this much energy , why do nt you change my litterbox you disgusting manpig  . the man , paying no attention to his feline , begins to type furiously at his keyboard . he then clicks the  save  button to upload his query and ... waits .she entered the cafe with confidence , her blonde hair was tied up in a no  nonsense bun that did nt help her battle with bitchy resting face syndrome . she scanned the room and met my gaze , i nodded in hopeful recognition , her demeanour did nt change , not a hint of emotion as she walked towards me . i stood up to welcome her , she took her seat without acknowledgement , leaving me standing alone and awkward , typical . newline newline i sat . she stared . she glanced at her phone . newline newline  hi , nice to meet you  i smiled as politely as i could .  i m glad you came , it s been wonderful getting to know you  newline newline she looked disinterested , i m bombing badly . newline newline  so..  i cleared my throat  i , umm , well obviously i m tim , this is one of my favourite coffee houses , i thought it d be a nice place to meet  newline newline she nodded and looked around . maybe she was as nervous as i am , i could nt hold that against her . newline newline  hi tim , it s nice to finally meet you , too . it s your favourite place , so you do nt live far from here ?  newline newline i relaxed a little . newline newline  not too far , it s a lovely neighbourhood , very safe and family orientated  newline newline oh shit , why did i say that .  i mean , it s just a friendly place , i feel comfortable here  newline newline she smiled , i could feel the awkwardness rise from my stomach and show on my face . newline newline  tim  she s finally relaxing too .  what do you usually order ?  newline newline  i really enjoy their salads , i m quite specific about how i like them and the staff here are very accommodating to my nuances  .. oh man , i m ridiculous . newline newline  great , well i think i ll have a salad too then . do you like to read ?  she s asking question , this is going much smoother . newline newline  i do , i m a big stephen king fan  . she glances at her phone again . newline newline  tim , i d like you to do me a favour , can you do that for me ?  newline newline this is interesting , her demeanour has changed , she is nt rigid anymore , she s relaxing . newline newline  what is it sally ?  newline newline  tim , can we do this another time ? i m sorry i ve just had something come up , but it s not to do with you , okay  newline newline sally stood up . i scowled , this is very rude , very rude indeed . newline newline sally smile as the police swooped in  it was nice to meet you , tim  newline newline this bitch . how dare she , after everything i ve done for her . flowers on her doorstep , phone calls , text messages , i ve done nothing but bend over backwards for her . protected her from creeps . this bitch . newline newline  fuck you , sally , i ve seen who you really are and i loved you anyway , the cameras do nt lie , i ll be seeing you  . newlinestories like this are hard to tell . not because i m shy or embarrassed by what happened . i simply do nt know . newline newline like most stories worth telling , it begins with something i wanted that was just slightly out of reach . but i had a plan . a good one , or so i thought . get some learning in me . work hard . keep my head down and do nt ruffle any feathers . newline newline i had gotten so used to my routine that i almost did nt notice when it started . the fear . the whispers bouncing from every corner . my plan accounted for this . it had to . things happen but they were nt going to happen to me . i was so sure my plan would work , i was nt even scared when people started disappearing . and it happened quick . small at first with only one or two people vanishing a week . after a few months , fewer and fewer people were around . i was still one of them , proof , i thought , that my plan was working . newline newline the day it happened was like any other during that time . well , with one exception . people were disappearing nearly every day by then . that day , everyone was accounted for . no one had disappeared . but that comfort was soon extinguished by a one line email asking me to my bosses office . newline newline  as you know ,  he began .  we ve been laying people off . it s not because of performance , believe me . if it were , i would nt be here any more .  he chuckled at me nervously , trying to soften the blow . at least he was nice enough about it . newline newline the walk to my car after passed in a muted , slow motion blur . some period of time passed , me just sitting in my car unsure what to do with the rest of my suddenly free day . unsure what to do with my suddenly free life . newline newline breathe and stay calm , i reminded myself over and over . breathe and stay calm . breathe and stay calm . newline newline at least i pulled myself together enough to start looking for another job the next day . but after two weeks , i still had nt received a single interview request . the job listings on monster , craigslist , anywhere in my area , began to diminish steadily . panic started to set in more regularly . usually late at night , laying in bed trying to sleep , my chest would tighten and my left arm would throb . in another two weeks , i was going to run out of money . not much longer after that , i d be evicted . newline newline and of course , that s what happened . between a gym membership and my still running economy car , i was able to pass myself off as normal for a few more months . i was punctual and professional for the one or two job interviews i managed to secure . they did nt lead to the next job . newline newline it s been a little over a year since i was laid off . i ve only been really homeless for four months now . my car broke down a few months ago so now i have to find places to sleep wherever i can . i wish i could give you a explanation of what this is like . not something i just dashed off because i m too hungry to think about it more . i wisher there was some easily dismissed excuse like drugs or alcohol . i kind of wish i was crazy . then i realize that s crazy and try to take it back . i do nt know if i can . i m sorry , i wish i knew what to tell you to make this make sense . stories like this are just hard to tell .in the beginning , there was trasce . a cord snaked away from her , into the great darkness that surrounded her . she pulled on it , sought to follow it to where it led . the more she pulled the more she did not move . when she ceased , a power flowed through the cord , into her being . with that power , she formed a plan . newline newline she cupped her hands and from them sprang forth a six headed beast . where the beast walked light emerged , bursting in resplendent glory . trasce smiled , then set about shaping the light into a great many things . soon the beast grew curious and returned to observe what trasce was creating . she forbade the beast from interfering with her work . however it s curiosity grew too great and it devoured much of it . trasce grew angry and turned to the beast .  beast , have i not granted you life ? given you domain over vast pools of light ? begone from this place , leave me to my work.  newline newline the beast spoke back through all it s heads ,  you did not create us . we are this realm , and it is ours . we will do as we please.  newline newline  oh beast , you are blind to what you can not see . begone from this place , leave me to my work.  newline newline the beast cackled and howled .  you will not tell us what to do . this realm is ours.  newline newline trasce knew what she must do . her work was far too important to be disturbed . she struck at the beast cleaving it , each head apart from the others . the heads howled in agony and fear . the strongest head roared at trasce ,  you will pay !  newline newline it leaped at her with it s maw open wide to devour . trasce held out her hand , and when the head reached it , it was no more . upon witnessing this , the other heads fled as far as they could . trasce wept , for she hated unnecessary destruction . her tears coalesced , forming a new life . one that would prevent such tragedy from happening again . era , titan of tears , bowed before his maker . newline newline  my son . watch over those that sprang from that primordial void . see that they do not suffer the same fate as their kin.  trasce bent down and kissed era ,  go , protect them . protect them all.  newline newline era set out into the lights , a sacred task ahead , and his god behind . what s your major ?  newline newline  noneuclidean engineering .  newline newline  ugh . i could never do that . too much math , too much staring into the unfathomable void between dimensions .  newline newline  i was always good at it . they say if you re exposed to the void as a kid your brain learns to handle the impossibilities better . but yeah , it s not for everyone . what s yours ?  newline newline  summoning .  newline newline  whoa boy . you re aiming high . i heard one in four will drop out by the first year .  newline newline  they ve got ta be tough . anyone who ca nt make it through the weedouts would get eaten by their own shoggoth in a year . hell , even for people who get their s3 certification , the injury rate is through the roof .  newline newline  and people say nees are crazy . why d you pick that ?  newline newline  because it s an important job . summoners do things that nobody can do , not even dark sorcerers . plus , the pay is good . and i have a ... personal reason .  newline newline  whatever floats your boat . anyway , fair warning , i ll probably be up late on some projects , so if you wake up to see weird eldritch unlight glowing from my desk , do nt freak out . i ll keep the dangerous stuff out of the dorm room , but you know how we engineers are , always some side projects to work on .  newline newline  that s fine . just keep the noise down , it s hard enough to get to sleep when you re haunted by memories of dimensional horrors without having to deal with a noisy roommate as well .  newline newline  that s cool , man . say , what s your schedule like ? here s mine .  newline newline  oh , it looks like we both have sorcery 101 . nees need to take that ?  newline newline  we do . something about making us more wellrounded . i guess it s good to know a few cantrips .  newline newline  it is . alright , the welcome ceremony is going to start soon . let s get a move on .  huh  thought dave as he parked his car in front of the store . he got out of his truck and took a good hard look at his favorite store . the store was put on thick metal poles 10 feet above the ground , much like how every other store was nt . newline newline dave got his ladder from the back of his truck  he was a carpenter so regularly needed a ladder for situations like these  and proped it up against the floating building and started his way up . newline newline dave pulled open the door and saw that helen , his crush , was working at the cash register . newline newline  i like what you did to the eh ... height of the building , yaknow ?  stumbled dave , rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly . newline newline  eh yes , i have genis plen tuh encrase saels . wee jost put bulding on puls and its ist mur vizable  said helen in his her thick russian american accent . newline newline dave then hastily bought the nearest items , eager escape the glances of the beutiful cashier , dressed in his her finest kgb uniform and a sporting a thick mustache and comb over . newline newline caring his paper bag out the store he sighed in belief . he walked out to his car , to find that falling 10 feet is quite painful  newline newline newline tldr : i. dont . know .there are any number of places the forces of heaven and hell could have clashed . they could have gone to great plains of the american midwest . or the sahara desert . or even the damned antarctic . but of all the place for the armies to appear , they had to choose the dmz between north and south korea . the immediate damage was staggering . both sides took heavy fire from mortars , retreating forces ran straight into land mines and gun emplacements . we were just lucky the north koreans had nt quite figured out nukes yet . newline newline now relations between either faction are strained at the moment . after dragging the commanders of each army  well , the highest ranking , still living soldiers to be more precise  before the un , an armistice was drawn up and signed under duress . at first , both factions were fairly uncooperative . but the usa has a way with words . especially when those words are an affirmation that nukes can pass through interdimensional portals , but further testing is required to understand the effects of a transdimensional detonation . now we live in relative peace , judgment day has been tentatively postponed , and it turns out that hell is a perfect place for geothermal energy generation .before anyone says anything , i preferred the idea of a world in which my protagonist was born into it . it made it more fun . a prompt is a prompt , not a binding contract .  newline newline   newline newline we are nt that common , but that s not because we re rare . perhaps one in 2,000 people you ll meet in the street will be like me , but that s only because about 18 out of 19 of us die before the age of five . germline augmentation might have been a boon for removing genetic disorders from the world , but the emergent behaviours were as alarming as they were fascinating . genetic traits tend towards averaging over time , and no amount of modification to human biology will change that , and the  average  turned out to be a human with an average height of 334cm , the strength of a demigod , and the dexterity of a drunk nun in a cement mixer . newline newline i felt her footsteps before i heard her voice .  you alright in there , julia ?  came the soft , lilting tones of sydney , my carer . when you re less than half the average height and only 15  the average strength and durability of most humans , recessivelygened  baseliners  like myself are officially classified as disabled . despite the fact that prior to the last 800 years of human history , the majority of people were just like me and were exactly as competent as these lumbering , oversized , under well , we get a lot of patronising shit even from those who love us . newline newline  i m fine sydney , really , i can get out of a bath without help you know .  i know , i know , i should nt be so exasperated but ... but it gets tedious . my job gives me respect , gives me renown in the community , gives me something to get up to every morning . i earn enough to pay sydney and to afford the modifications on clothes , food , furniture , fucking godsforsaken fucking toothpaste i m getting overexcited again are nt i ? newline newline  alright , but you let me know if  newline newline  i need to use the pullchain , got it !  newline newline i probably should nt cut her off . it upsets her , and despite my nature i do nt like upsetting people much . it breeds conflict , and when you re fragile enough to be killed with an idle backhand being a sarcastic little shit s not really a trait that correlates with survival . but ... not today . today , she will not question my ability , because today i earn my keep . newline newline after hopping out of the bath  and i do mean hopping , that thing s lip would put mountains in its rainshadow , but it s great for soaking  it s onwards to the medications . pathogens evolved rapidly with the increase in human durability , and so a head cold to sydney might be a spot of fatal pneumonia to me . bioprogramming regimens were the answer , where the body is infiltrated with trillions of tiny biomechanical living creatures that essentially replace my own ,  inferior  immune system and make it bigger , stronger , scarier . it s also much , much stupider , and so it needs daily reprogramming to make sure it s uptodate with the latest snifflesturnedsmallpox that might try to melt my anus into blancmange or whatever the fuck those jumpedup overpowered newline newline   newline newline  hi ! your housemate needed a finetuner ?  newline newline the panam smile s back , and my voice  already childish compared to the deep boom of those around me  drips with sweetness that s composed of 100  artificial additives . he blinks slowly , and the reduction in speed between his own thoughts and voice and mine becomes painfully apparent as i wait for his response . it s not that we re smarter than the augmented humans , it s just that we re faster . for the same reason that a spider is proportionally faster than a human for its size , we re proportionally speedier with thoughts and words . were it not for longevity drugs this would mean we would die faster too , but science will out and now the only certainty is taxes . newline newline  yeah , the robot s on the blink .  newline newline synth . it s a synth . they re not slaves , they re people . never a good sign when you hear a human calling their roommate a  robot  , a word literally  forced labour  in ancient czech . newline newline  he s started twitching and i think his motor functions are offalignment . some kinda deformity or summin  newline newline i twitch minutely in a sort of hysterical sympathy , and can almost feel the words coming . i know what he s going to say , and i m going to have to smile and take it . newline newline  thought i d get a runt in to fix him , see if it s hardware  newline newline and there it is . newline newline deep breaths , julia . deep breaths . newline newline  ... thank you for your concern , sir . i ll see to your friend shortly . sydney , could you help me with my tools ?  newline newline   newline newline yaxer was possibly my favourite patient . no impoliteness , no laughs about how he hoped the job was nt too  big  for me . no comments about how  humans like you are always so inspiring  . he even apologised in hushed tones for his roommate . newline newline  he just does nt seem to get it . i ve tried explaining why we do nt use that term , for you or me , but he seems to think that it s ok to use it if he knows what it means  ...  newline newline i smiled a warm smile , the first all day , and told him he should nt be using his motor processors right now . his issue seemed to be a chronic one , some kind of hardware issue that was probably laid down at conception  as the manufacturing process is called , it s rather less clinical this way  and it was nt clear if i would ever be able to fix it for good . repeated checkups and finetunings might be necessary for the rest of his life  rather like myself . newline newline afterwards , postrundown and after checking he really was good to go , he made sydney and i some tea . sydney packed up my tools , which were individually light but far too heavy for me to realistically carry together , and i sipped it carefully . the aroma was delicate , probably too delicate for sydney to appreciate , and i smiled at him . newline newline  lavender and peppermint , with a hint of heather honey . ever since i got the smell implant installed , it s been my favourite part of the day to sit down in my library and brew a pot .  i nodded enthusiastically , earning a chiding mutter of  do nt hurt yourself ... !  from sydney that i took a vicious pleasure in ignoring completely . yaxer turned to me , and looked down into my eyes with a suddenly calculating look . i blushed , not used to not being the fastest thinker in the room , and looked down at my cup of halfdrunk tea . newline newline  what about you , julia ? what attracted you to this job ? there are dozens of choices for dexters like you , you did nt have to pick a job where you re constantly presented with prejudice and misinformation . what s your favourite part of the day ?  newline newline i took another sip . newline newline   newline newline as i walked out of my new patient s home , telling him not to overstress his processors and to log his diagnostics twicedaily for the next month , sydney looked down at me with a slier look than i think i ve ever seen on her face . it was slightly unnerving really , like watching a goat do integrations . newline newline  you never did answer him , you know . why this job ?  newline newline she d been with me for twelve years . it ca nt be fun , being a glorified weightlifter for a legallydisabled dexter , but she d never once been impatient , never once broken my trust . i took a deep breath . newline newline  every day i m surrounded by things i ca nt lift , things i ca nt eat , things i ca nt breathe . you re all so ... tough , and i m just here . being small .  she began to open her mouth , but i continued quickly onwards . newline newline  but when i open up a synth and start unplugging , replugging , examining , analysing ... there s detail . there s scale i can work with . there s fineness . it s not just that it s something i can do that you , or anyone else , ca nt do ... it s that , if i get it wrong ... i m strong enough that i might accidentally crush something  .kevin , in his usual sleepless stupor , removed the key from his pocket , unlocked his front door , and stepped in . he placed his stuff on a table by the door , hung his jacket on the coat rack , and walked through her again . she always stood there , waiting for him to come home . she d say a greeting , and then go sit down . kevin was her only grasp on the corporeal world . she forgot things occasionally , but nothing about her house , and nothing that would nt come back to her the following day . she would walk around , clean things , do laundry , and play the piano . kevin was getting a little tired of the people coming to his door , saying they heard heather playing the piano again , and wondered if kevin had taken to learning her songs . he always said no , and act very confused , claiming he had nt heard anything . kevin was a very good actor . newline newline he moved into the kitchen , made a sandwich , grabbed a soda , and went to listen to heather play . he picked up his laptop , acted like he was doing work until she finished , and then put it back down before heading upstairs to bed . he changed into some sweatpants , took his shirt off , heard heather sigh , and climbed into bed . she did the same . it was a daily routine , that almost never changed . newline newline the following morning , a saturday , he awoke to find heather gone . she normally woke up before him on saturdays . she would make breakfast , work on a song , and then piddle around the house . kevin , however , did not find her in the kitchen . newline newline kevin tilted his head slightly at the missing spirit , wondering where she went . that s when he heard her shout . newline newline  ah ! i knew it !  she shouted , in both glee and anger .  you can see me !  kevin exhaled , and placed his fingers on the bridge of his nose . newline newline  yeah . maybe if you scream louder the jones  will hear you .  he replied . newline newline  do nt you dare take that tone of voice with me , kev , or ill  heather began , coming out from the laundry room . newline newline  or you ll what ? you re dead , heather .  kevin shot back . newline newline  nioted . but if you can talk to me , why the hell have nt you ? ! it s been weeks ! i thought you were just blissfully ignorant ! i made my peace with that , but then i saw that you were nt actually doing anything when i played . and you always magically finished doing whatever work you had when i finished my songs . i thought something was up . and now i know for certain .  newline newline  yeah , grats . can i make my coffee now , or are you going to stand inside it all morning ?  newline newline heather apologized and moved out of the way . even in death , she understood the importance of coffee . newline newline  so , in answer to your question , talking to you guys is hard . i have to focus my ass off to do it , because , i m not sure if you ve noticed , but dead people and alive people are nt typically able to do that . i can hear what you say , but i have to basically make my spirit leave my body halfway , that way i can control my actions while still communicating . it s taken me years to do this , and always makes me exhausted . so if this is gon na become a regular thing , i m gon na need you to help me pay attention to things that are going on around me . for instance , i have no idea if my coffee is done or not . can you tell me ?  newline newline  it is .  heather said . newline newline  thanks .  kevin grabbed a mug , made his coffee , and moved into the living room . newline newline  wait , if i m dead , and you ve known i was here this whole time , why am i not as angry as i should be ?  newline newline  because you do nt feel dead . you ve done everything that you normally do , and it s made you feel like you re still alive . so , really nothing s different , except i did nt talk to you because i was damn tired every time i got home . it s the same reason why you talk to me the same way you did when you were alive .  newline newline heather shook her head .  you still suck at explaining things .  newline newline  not really something i ve dedicated time to working on .  he said , shrugging . newline newline  wait , you re emotionally dead are nt you ? you did nt give a rats ass that you could talk to me now .  newline newline  some say it was me falling on my head as a baby .  newline newline  i hate how sarcastic you are .  newline newline  love you too , feather .  newline newline  newline newline kevin and heather continued to work on their long distance relationship . most of the time , heather would have one sided conversations , while kevin tried to stay awake . she slowly understood how everything worked , and even managed to talk to some of the other spirits in the house . kevin , slowly began to work his way to making it easier to speak with her , and soon enough , it was like nothing changed . and on the day that kevin was due to join her , he welcomed it with open arms . newline newline she slapped him for being an asshole in the weeks after her death , and then they made their way home , to spend the rest of eternity together . newline newline  newline newline uhhh ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? can someone tell me how this one turned out ? ? ? ? i kinda had no idea where to take this .the subway rattled it s syncopated song , barumm ... bum , bum ... barumm ... bum , bum ... barumm ... bum , bum . about twenty lonely people swayed back and forth in harmony within the car . there are usually a few homeless people at this hour . one typically sat in the far back corner , asleep . newline newline but tonight there was just a guy with puffy eyes in a white tee shirt with sleeves that came to around the middle of his bicep . he was thin , but not sickeningly so , moderately handsome , and utterly defeated judging by his posture . his most striking feature of all was a newly formed slash down his forearm . the largest i ve ever seen , by far . still wet , they would say . his second most striking feature was the absence of any other scars . newline newline now usually , you get at least a few scars growing up . it s kind of like touching a burner as a kid . you just have to learn from experience . you might tell a fib at school about homework , and pets that have suddenly acquired an appetite for homework , and you collect a few scars along the way . i sure as hell did at least . newline newline but this guy had to have made it all the way here , in new york city of all places , without telling a single lie . well , until today . i was intrigued . i mean , how could you not be ? he was motherfreakingteresa , but even she probably failed to disclose the secret location of her breadbasket base every now and then .  dantooine ... they re all on dantooine ,  she might have said . newline newline i approached , with caution . i recognize this was selfish of me , but maybe the guy needed someone to talk to . newline newline  hey , man . you doing ok ?  i said , conveying empathy the best my socially awkward self could manage . newline newline  yeah ,  the kid , who i just realized was only about 26 , if that , said with such brevity that he may as well said nothing at all . newline newline  look , i do nt usually intrude on people s private affairs . it s just , usually a homeless guy who goes by squirrel sits where you are now and i do nt think the strongest constitution in the bowel department , if you get my meaning .  newline newline the kid smiled at least , wiping his right eye with his scarless forearm , and moved to the bench seat next to where i was standing .  i m john ,  he said . newline newline  hi john , it s a pleasure . i m matt .  i sat down next to him .  maybe if you tell me about your day , you will be distracted enough to forget it .  newline newline  i guess we are nt really going anywhere , are we .  the doors to the subway car opened to dump out about half its contents . those left in the car were otherwise enthralled in their phones or their headphones .  how many more stops do you have ?  newline newline  twelve .  newline newline  me too .  he looked around the car , as the doors closed and the car lurched forward with the same barumm ... bum , bum ... barumm ... bum , bum . i guess he adjudged the car private enough , so he began his story . newline newline it all started with a girl . imagine that .  ah , to be young again ,  i thought . brown hair , decent looks , and smart , he said . he had dated her for four years . they had graduated college together , fallen in love , and moved in to a toosmallbutheyweareachievingourdreamsandlivinginthebigcityohlookadeadratitsnothingwewillgetusedtoit apartment . they even got one of those stupid plant holders that hang out of window sills . you know the ones that kill about eight people a year in a city like the big apple . newline newline john had been the perfect boyfriend to sally . he got her cute gifts that were within his budget , but not too within his budget , and he was nice to all of her friends . he even took her to a giants game or two . hell , he even ended up on the big screen for a kiss that ended up being televised on wfan because of the quirky way he tossed the popcorn aside and did one of those  back from the war  kisses . newline newline they even got engaged . newline newline but last year , sally was diagnosed with a cognitive disorder that changed her behavior . sally was never the same again . she had flashes of anger , where she would insult john and his family . she would talk of other guys she had been with in the past , when she never did that before . she would even compare john to other guys that they had been around , telling him why they were better than him . this went on for a year . newline newline she demeaned him to the point of no return , yet he remained there with her . john kept her medication in order and cooked for her , because processes were lost at that point . after sally lost control of her colon he cleaned their murphy bed in their toosmallbutheyweareachievingourdreamsandlivinginthebigcityohlookadeadratitsnothingwewillgetusedtoit apartment . he sat with her in the hospital for two weeks and lost his accounting job due to it . he was there today when she died . newline newline sally had looked up at him within her last hour and said she remembered the day they watched a dog in central park on a long leash literally wrap its owner up  101 dalmatians  style and drag him a few yards . they laughed aloud , heads back like peanuts characters , like they had many times before sally became ill. she looked up at john , with tears welling in her eyes . for a brief moment , the old sally was there . newline newline  i love you ,  she said . newline newline  i love you , too ,  he replied .i sat down on my couch , staring at its odd pinkish yellowish color pattern . i looked up at the clock , and saw that the time was going slower than it usually would . you re going crazy , nothing is wrong with that clock . you re just nervous , that s all .  newline newline i spent what felt like an eternity trapped within a minute and a half staring at that wretched clock as it went on with its day . ticktok .  the clock did nt wait for me , as i tried hopelessly to catch up with its calm , smooth , flawless life . newline newline the knock at the door did nt surprise me . after all , it was what i had been waiting for all this time . i stood up , my knees creaking from the stress of all this and i turned to the door . i looked through the peephole at the world outside . i had a pretty good knowledge of who was coming , but i had to be sure . i stared down at myself . the sound was still in my ears . ticktok ,  the clock droned on . if not now then when ?  i thought . newline newline i opened the door hesitantly , and the man i saw outside looked as kind as he did in all the pictures . i had been thinking about this for the past week and a half , and i had never expected it to go down like this . newline newline he spoke first .  hello kevin . my name is levi , but i suppose you already know that , huh ?  newline newline i nodded my head slowly , not knowing whether i did nt want to talk , or in my frazzled state forgot how to . newline newline  do you mind if i come in ?  newline newline i felt a catch in my throat . i was nt prepared for this . slowly , i croaked out ,  no , come right in .  newline newline i invited him inside . he looked around for a second and then spoke .  nice place you got here .  he looked back at me , as if for an answer to a question he did not ask . newline newline  yea , i got it a couple of years ago .  the silence filled the room . the only sound was the clock s monotonous ticktok . newline newline he broke that silence as if it were nothing .  okay , kevin , i m not going to sugarcoat it . we both know why i m here , right ?  newline newline  yes , you re here because you want to convert me to your religion .  newline newline  oh , yes , you could say that .  he glanced around the room , darting his eyes from one place to another , trying not to stay on one place to long .  why do nt we sit down ?  he asked . newline newline he sat where i had been just minutes ago , on the oddly colored couch , and i sat across him in a nice black leather recliner . newline newline  you do know about our religion , right ?  levi questioned . newline newline  yes , i m aware of the basis of your religion .  newline newline  in your own words , how would you describe it ?  newline newline  well , as a whole , you believe that the world as we know it is your god s dream , and that if the entire world believes that that is the truth , then , and only then , will we be truly awakened as god .  newline newline levi beamed me a look of approval .  i could nt have said it better myself .  newline newline once again , the silence had swallowed the room . i stared at the clock . ticktok .  i looked back at levi . he was in his fifties , but you would nt know it by looking at him . he looked thirtyfive , and was in good health . i mean , you could nt be the main prophet of a religion without looking good , right ? newline newline  you realize that i do nt show up at anybody s house to convert them , right ? you know your significance , do nt you ?  levi s presence was one of kindness , and hope . newline newline  i m the last nonbeliever , are nt i ?  newline newline  yes . you should join us , so that not just you , but the world will know peace . we ca nt do this without you .  there was a look of longing in his eyes . his entire life had built up to this moment , and he wanted it more than the world . newline newline  look , if i was nt scared of this idea , i would have hopped on the bandwagon a long time ago . what if all this is real , and being a god is living hell ? why would i want to be awakened into a horrible life of slavery ?  my exasperation was showing through my body . newline newline levi looked down , and after a second he looked up and said ,  i do nt know what it will be like . our hopes are that it is good . we just do nt know . but if i can convince you to join me on this journey , we ll do it together .  newline newline he held out his hand across the table . i could see the passion in his eyes . i could see his conviction . newline newline this is for the greater good ,  i thought . newline newline i outstretched my arm and grabbed his hand .  i m in .  newline newline i closed my eyes and waited , we waited for the moment of truth . i opened my eyes , and the prophet sat there , defeated . newline newline and behind us , in a wall of distress , came the sound of the world , the sound of fate not allowing us this victory . newline newline the sound of time . newline newline ticktok get down ! get down !  grandpa yelled .  charlie is coming from all sides !  newline newline the elderly man dove throwing his back against the purple foam 2 foot tall barricade while blue and yellow balls of paint rapidly sprayed overhead at him and his grandkids . newline newline  grandpa . i m hit .  said becky looking up at him while pulling her hand away from her stomach showing paint on her fingers . newline newline  ah , shit ! jonathan , it s just you and me now .  grandpa shouted at his younger grandson while becky tried to plead with him that there is a three shot rule and she is still able to play .  i ll go around to the side and flank them , you give me cover fire . ready ? break !  grandpa yelled out at jonathan and with a primal scream ran towards a flanking position to their left as jonathan shot one of the opposing grandkids in the shoulder and becky just threw her hands up in frustration . newline newline grandpa approached the green neon pillar area when he noticed alex , the short and younger opposing grandchild coming around the corner . grandpa quickly steeped back against the wall and waited for alex to turn the corner . then with grandpa lightening speed , hit the kid on top of his head causing his to spin around . grandpa deflected alex s arm who raise his gun to shoot with a quick forearm shiver and then grandpa shot alex twice at point blank range . once in the face in the eye that was luckily covered with thick glass of the paint ball helmet and once in the neck that was covered by thick gear but still hurt . he then ducked under the boys arm as the boy reached for his neck , spinning to a his back and kicked him in the back of his knees . alex fell and grandpa gave him a death shot to the back of the head . newline newline the older , more nerdy rival grandson jason came up shortly after laughing and giggling when grandpa quickly turned around . they were too close to shoot so grandpa quickly engaged in cqc and hit the boy with the edges of his palms multiple times in the neck , chest and ribs causing him to drop his gun . while the 13 year old became stunned , grandpa quickly subdued him from the rear and put him in a choke hold with the thought of using him as a human shield . with his hostage in tow , grandpa advanced towards grandad . newline newline grandpa held the kid close and found grandad who like him , held his grandchild at arms length with his paint ball gun to his head . both men seemed to share a similar tactic . newline newline  what are you doing grandad  calmly said grandpa . newline newline  you re not winning this war !  shouted grandad . newline newline grandpa made eye contact with jonathan , looked towards the ground right below him and aimed his gun towards them and let out a shot . a paintball flew from the barrel hitting jonathan right in the unprotected part of his leg causing him to react in extreme pain and drop down . grandpa pushed jason towards grandad and let out 6 shots in the matter of seconds and dice towards the ground . jason stumbled forward causing grandad to not be able to get off any shots for fear that he would hit his own grandchild while grandpa hit jason three times in the back , hit grandad in both his shoulders and once right in the center of his helmet . newline newline grandpa did all this as he rolled forward expecting some sort of retaliation fire and came to a stop on his back still aiming at grandad as he fell to his knees and then to his stomach . grandpa got up , raised his fist in victory as jonathan got up with tears in his eyes from the pain and becky rounded the corner with her arms folded still holding her gun displeased that she did nt get to shoot at all . newline newline grandpa yelled in victory as the teenaged worker monitoring the battlefield thanked everyone for playing and began to clean up and reset for the next group of players who stood there in awestruck of what they had just witnessed .dear jane , newline newline opening my wallet and seeing your photograph makes me forget my existence . i close my eyes and i see you smiling ... that same sweet smile that made me fall in love with you . the sounds of bullets turns into fireworks , celebrating my eternal love for you . the smell of wet mud reminds me of our evenings on the lake together . do you remember the first time i kissed you ? it was raining ... as it is raining now . i do nt feel alone . i have you . my greatest fear in life is to die alone ... well here i am surrounded by enemies in a trench that i dug . i suspect that i am sitting in my own grave . but i wo nt die alone as i hav newline newline jane ... he was not alone ... i am a soldier , so was he . i fought for the people , so did he . you see we were not very different . we just happened to be on the different side of the war . i found this , along with your photograph in his hand . i am sorry . i am sorry that i had to . newline newline my condolences , newline a soldier from the other side . newline newline newlineis this 2011 ? if it is , read this very carefully . if it s not , still read it . newline newline i am you from 2016 and i have so many things for you to say . if you do nt listen , you might ruin your life in the next few years . i m currently trying to fix all the shit you caused to my mental health and i m thinking what to do with my social life that you have destroyed without even letting me give a little try at it . you are pathetic little cunt who will never get anywhere . you re lucky the me from 2015 got it together and started doing something about her life which she never had because of you and your earlier versions , such as 2004 or 2006 . newline newline no matter how difficult , do what i say if you want to live . newline newline delete your facebook . you got it only for the games anyway and trust me , after fruit ninja nothing good enough will come out so delete it . it s not worth your time . newline newline do not ever watch anime . you know what dragon ball z is ? utter shit . every other anime is shit as well . when your sister starts going to school , do nt even think about watching tv . in fact , stop watching tv altogether . there s nothing interesting on it . newline newline you need human interaction . talk to them . no matter how stupid the topic seems , listen to the conversation and butt in whenever you can . you are not above them . you re just a stupid 13 year old fake emo wannabe , which makes you even lower than your classmates . newline newline what i want you to do is to at least try to study . i know it s very easy now , but you ll realize in 2014 that you are a complete fucking retard . now in the spring of 2016 i have to work my ass off to get acceptable results . it s not that easy now . newline newline go ahead , try to kill yourself , i do nt care , i probably created another timeline with this letter so it will probably not affect me . you will never make a mark in this world so why not finish it now . then again , if you kill yourself now , you wo nt get this letter from 2016 so you wo nt realize you re just a waste of space at this moment so you wo nt kill yourself and i ll just keep cleaning up the shit you ve done to me . newline newline by the way , you re gay . but do nt get too attached to this one girl you ll transform in the next 2 years . just when you d start understanding your feelings to her , she ll get a boyfriend . if you either follow my instructions or kill yourself , you wo nt realize what a terrible person you could be .kim had been waiting for this day to come . sweet , blessed justice . ever since that day , when the humanlike thing had shown up , world wide , promising painful death to everyone who had done unforgivable things . newline newline at first , when the message came , when she was seven , uncle craig had stopped hurting her . he did nt come to the house . he did nt drag her into the basement any more , and do things to her that she could nt tell mommy about . kim had been granted blessed peace for two years , and she was so happy that she thanked whatever ethereal creature had spared her from any more . newline newline then uncle craig started coming again . kim was never sure if he had gotten over his fear of death , or if the years that had gone on emboldened him , made him believe that he could outrun whatever was in store for him . it fluctuated then , his visits . sometimes her uncle would not come for a year or two , and other years she was not so lucky . when she had turned thirteen , she had enough . she told her parents . they had pursued him into court , into the chair ... and he gave such a sob story , such a long winded plea of innocence that the jury gave him only probation .  after all ,  they said ,  what kind of person would continue anything like that after that event a few years ago ? it s only his word versus the fragmented memory of a little girl .  newline newline it had burned kim inside , to finally stand up for herself , and have her peers say it was alright . that was when she truly began to count down the days to promised justice . when she discovered it was to be on easter sunday , she could only smile at the coincidence . newline newline tomorrow was the day . newline newline the united states had been on the fence about what to do since the day ten years ago . some argued that they should do nothing . why should they protect those who had done things that an older and obviously more advanced alien race abhorred ? others argued that it was morally wrong to condemn anyone for one mistake , some people did not even know they were abusers . they needed mental help . argue and fight as they would , however , nothing was truly to be done . what could anyone do against a superior intelligent being ? some people hoped that by repenting and helping as many people as possible , they would be saved . others gave up . newline newline a few , like kim , were just excited . newline newline when the day came , it started off normal enough , or as normal as life had been in the past few years as the day approached . slowly though , one by one , people started dying in accidents . horrific accidents , some of them , and other just suddenly dropped to the floor , blood pouring out of their face . mass car crashes , record numbers of people drowning , falling off balconies , being crushed by debris . people who no one had ever suspected of wrongdoing were found in their homes , dead from tripping and falling into glass , metal , hitting heads on corners . newline newline the aftermath was terrible . power was nt working in most developed countries . the death toll was over a quarter of the world s population . newline newline kim , now seventeen , got into her car and drove four hours to her uncle s . all she could do when she saw his mangled body , torn apart in a freak accident with a lawnmower , was laugh . newline newline edited out a comma .i paced back and forth in my room . it was 10:40 am on my birthday . ten minutes until i would have a chance to talk to my younger , thirty year old self . i d had this chance a couple times before , but only now was it so crucial . i ran through how i would explain it . i began to doubt myself  should i really give this advice based only on the past few days ? yes , i should . i had to . newline newline he appeared . a younger , slightly more fit version of myself . newline newline  oh , hey will . just finished talking to will twenty . he was pretty happy to hear that he s about to have the best years of his life . i even spoiled a bit about rachel .  he chuckled . newline newline  about that ...  newline newline  what ?  newline newline tears were welling up in the eyes of will forty .  you have to leave her . not only that , but you have to leave her tomorrow . i do nt care how you do it , but leave her and never talk to her again .  newline newline will thirty s smile disappeared .  but ... she s perfect .  newline newline  you re right , she is . but you still have to leave her .  newline newline  why ?  newline newline  i ca nt explain the whole thing in five minutes , so here s the highlights of a really fucked up domino effect you would witness otherwise . your family will be torn apart . her father will kill yours . your mother will commit suicide . you ll be accused of murder . you ll be acquitted , but soon lose your job and live off of unemployment benefits for a year , if you can call it living .   newline newline  but i ca nt do it .  newline newline  did you not hear what i just told you ? people will die . your life will be ruined . and in the end you wo nt even have her .  newline newline  but i love her .  newline newline both men were shedding tears of frustration and sadness now . newline newline  pull yourself together  you re thirty years old , you re not a teenager . you understand how to weigh your priorities . you have to leave her .  newline newline  but she makes me so happy . and i make her so happy . we both have made each other better people . i ll never find someone like her again . she s the mythical relationship partner everyone hopes to find  the person whose every part complements your own .  newline newline  i know all this ! i ve had all these thoughts before !  newline newline  so why did nt you do it ?  newline newline  what are you talking about ?  newline newline  ten years ago , you were given this same speech , right ? why did nt you follow the advice you are giving now ?  newline newline  because i loved her .  newline newline will thirty disappeared . will forty wiped his eyes and looked up . he was now in a different room . newline newline  hi . i m will fifty .  newline newline  yes . i had almost forgotten about the fact that this would be happening too . i was so focused on ...  newline newline  yes , yes , do nt waste time . i have important advice that your ridiculous emotional mind needs to hear right now .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  stay with her .  newline newline  but she ...  newline newline  i know . go back to her .  newline newline  but i just told will twenty that he should leave her , to save the lives of my parents !  newline newline  you better hope he does nt , for the sake of her life . the armory of the main hall was the treasure of the family , decorated with the awards , crosses and medals that the men of the family had won in various wars as hired mercenaries . tradition filled with walls with falsities of honor . the only true tradition was taking the gold coin off of the winning man , leonard thought to himself . more often than once , mercenary groups would switch allegiance before a major battle , persuaded by gold . newline newline newline he was donning a thinly armored jacket with thick leather straps , meant for flexibility and ease of movement . he had a pistol holster on his left side along with his favourite cutlass . it was already dark , but there had been no sign of trouble in the merchant areas as mordecai had promised . impatiently , he decided to get a feel for the night air and walked to the courtyard . newline newline newline his personal retinue were waiting there , talking amongst themselves , chattering about the engagement they were soon to be participating in . upon seeing leonard , they all stood to attention , putting their arms stiffly to their sides and chins in the air . waving them to relax , they eased back into their circle of chat as leonard passed them . good men , he thought . good enough for the city , but never for battle . bought by gold clovers from military academies , they were regimented for a professional standing army , not for civil disobedience . it was a recommendation made by his father , a man so steeped in caution these last few years that it made it seem that his mind was decaying . newline newline newline looking up into the night , leonard sighed , taking a deep breathe in . smelling something familiar but out of place , he looked into the corner , a place covered by shadow . a distinctly citrus smell , meant for scribes in the council arena , he moved closer .  where the bloody hell have you been ? !  newline newline newline  hush , you will have your fight . you will leave soon , everything is in place in the low merchant area.  speaking in such a tranquil manner aggravated leonard . newline  it is already dark and nothing has happened . do you wish to make a fool of me in front of my father ? if anyone finds out , or implicates me in the riots  newline newline newline mordecai moved from the shadows , the torchlight unveiling his mask . he was wearing a masquerade ball mask in the style of the old rhondish valley kings . a white mask that cover the lower half of the face over the nose , only leaving the eyes of the man , often decorated with devious expression of delight , sadness of malice . according to tradition , it was said that it was the ability to discern whether a man was lying by looking only into their eyes during a conversation . their mettle was not settled through sword and bullet , but by deceit and blunder . newline it was the only thing that frightened leonard till this day . newline newline newline  have you such little faith in me ? i have brought you thus far , and i will carry you further . you will leave within the hour to the diplomatic district to verify that yesterday  s shipment from the mines is to your father  s standards . they will be wearing a dull parius green with miner black.  newline newline newline he pondered how mordecai would know the schedule of both the shipment and carriers of the imported goods .  what will be my reason for attending this shipment ? we will only hear of the delivery tomorrow morning.  newline newline newline his eyes spoke of his smile .  you have made connections with the union leader and have made it obvious to him that the lucian family can provide greater value to him than parius . in this , you two will have made an agreement to meet tonight , ahead of the normal schedule to inspect the quality of the goods and to provide incentive to further relations with the union.  newline newline newline a shout was heard behind him from inside the building . the men in the courtyard grabbed their weapons and were summoned by the captain .  you  d better leave , it seems that people were a bit eager to start the night.  newline newline newline he vanished into the night before leonard could acknowledge him . turning to face his retinue , now in line with the captain , he approached them with authority . newline the captain , a seasoned man , long ties with the company and the family with fierce loyalty stood at attention .  good evening captain luxbough.  newline newline newline he nodded his head , clicking his heels together , making a sharp satisfying sound . it was the sound of men obeying authority and remaining in their station .  awaiting your command , sir sonder.  newline newline newline turning to the men , about thirty men in total , he cleared his throat .  men . tonight , we will be inspecting good in advance of regular schedule with the miner union leader clarence dy bland.  newline he continued , trying to spin off what little mordecai had informed him , his voice , echoing into the nights . newlinethe alarm goes off at 4am in the morning . newline newline he crawls out of bed , staggers to the washroom to brush his teeth and splash his face with cold water . once he s located his spectacles , he s off to the kitchen to start preparing . newline newline there s a lot of breakfast to prepare and lunch boxes too . there are a row of school uniforms he needs to iron and school bags he needs to check . thankfully , he s kept a list of their homeworks due on the side of the fridge . it s very important to have some form of structure to manage complex situations . newline newline it s very important to have some form of structure when everything s gone terribly wrong . newline newline at 5am he s just about done with the clothes at least . he goes to the childrens  bedroom and wakes them up one by one . maria wakes up first she s been trying to set an alarm for herself to help papa make breakfast  . newline newline it s a sweet thought . he keeps it close inside his heart on days when she is being difficult and accuses him of not caring enough and drowning himself in his work . she s on the verge of secondary school , almost a teenager . he ca nt imagine how it would be like then . newline newline next he wakes up joseph . the boy likes to sleep in a bit but he usually takes the longest to prepare so he has to get up . newline newline the twins come next , antony and anna . they ve been quite quiet recently and he s begun to feel a little worried . they re in different classes this year apparently and it s been difficult for them to cope . he does nt understand how to help growing up his brothers were never that close with him . newline newline finally there is little olivia . she is the latest addition to their family and she is just starting primary school this year . it is very difficult for him to wake her up . she looks so peaceful and happy sleeping in the top bunk bed . instead , he carries her carefully , allowing her to rest against him as he herds them all to the kitchen . newline newline joseph complains about his cooking . so does maria . it s really too bad , he tells them , they ll just have to eat what he makes because it s a waste to throw away food . newline newline he can cook , actually . he just has nt been in the right frame of mind to keep the fridge stocked frequently and has resorted to less perishable breakfast items than the standard eggs . he ca nt tell them that though . they would worry , and goodness do nt they have enough to worry about at school already ? newline newline it s a shame but he ca nt really help joseph and maria with their homework these days . newline newline the children eventually eat their breakfast after some complaints and they stream out of the front door , maria and joseph leading the pack . he checks olivia s uniform one last time . he always has to retie her hair into a neat ponytail . newline newline it s 6am and he remembers he needs to get ready to go to work . newline newline it s a rush getting his things together . at least he remembered to iron his shirt but he needs to find his glasses again he always puts them down somewhere and forgets where . newline newline he s ready in fifteen minutes he d packed as much as he could the day before . newline newline he pauses at the front door with his briefcase in hand and walks slowly back towards a small room in the back of the house . her room . newline newline he stands outside her room for a long time . he can hear her breathing through the thin doorframe , raspy and wet . newline newline he stands for a long moment outside her door , hand closed over the handle . newline newline something wet touches the side of his face but he turns away again like he usually does these days and he heads quickly to the front door , trying not to feel the hairs on the back of his neck prickle with some imagined accusatory gaze . newline newline he s out the door . he s off to work . hopefully nobody will notice ... newline newline ... that he s barely holding it together . newline newline newline ... newline newline an : sorry ... i could nt make it up to 7 . newline newlinethere was a dazzling white flash , and then the ground turned sideways and leapt toward his face . the monk heard the crack of his own skull off the pavement more than felt it , and rather than the pain that he expected , warmth and numbness washed over him . his eyes twirled around in his skull but he could see the car skidding to a stop just beyond him . glass tiptoed to the ground . he took a breath . newline newline it was a mistake . like tossing gas on a fire , the breath pulled an unimaginable weight of agony upon him , crushing , inconsolable , bone rawness , blood ache , the breath  a mere sip of air  screamed from his lips back out into the world of burned rubber , smoke , coppery metallic tangy mouth feel . his head was being torn apart , cell by cell  it felt like a pair of hands were buried to his neck , prying his skull from itself , a sticky ripping wetness deep into his newline newline  this space left intentionally blank  newline newline ahead stood a figure . tall , massive even , silhouetted against a perfect white background . this figure was a shadow in the absence of light . the figure imposed something into the monk s mind . newline newline you are in heaven newline newline the monk doubted it , but he newline newline it is heaven newline newline in looking around , he saw nothing . it was featureless white expanse , save the massive shadow figure , whose position followed the monk s eyes . newline newline heaven is not how you imagined it newline newline the monk started to speak , but his voice did not seem to work . newline newline you leave the powers of the living behind you newline newline he then began to wonder if thought , if reflection , if wondering were powers of the living . newline newline your sassiness is duly noted newline newline the massive silhouette expanded . it wrapped around the monk , starting at the middle of his vision and expanding upwards and downwards , cloaking his vision like a retina tearing from the back of an eye . newline newline in heaven you are a steward of thoughts newline newline thought police ? newline newline it is what you make it newline newline are there no others ? newline newline gone is the time for you to be with others newline newline but what of my fellow ascetics ? newline newline there are no fellows in heaven there is only you newline newline the blackness cleared , and all was white . in the whiteness , tiny at first , a cirrus puff wafted into view . it sounded like ,  i want to kill her  . the monk swatted at it , and it dissipated . another small , gray cloud ,  i should kill myself  , and he swatted that as well . then there were two :  i am worthless  mingled with  what is the point anyway ?  , and the tiny puffs billowed into one another into a tiny nimbus . there was a miniature crack of thunder , and the rain from this nimbus was a chorus of self denigration . the monk swatted at the nimbus , which made it rain more . he began to panic , and wished he had a towel . a towel appeared under the nimbus and soaked up the grayblue rain , but soon it was saturated and began slowly dripping the thoughts . the monk imagined a bucket , and imagined wringing out the towel into the bucket . he envisioned the dank contents of the bucket clearing , softening , becoming white . and it all disappeared . newline newline your training is complete newline newline on the horizon loomed a massive anvil thunderhead . the monk felt a damp , heavy breeze . the cloud approached . i do nt know ,  i said , testing the rope that bound my hands .  i m just not sure which way to go . do you go anecdote ? it s a classic . no two ways about that . or breakout ? selfish , but it s good for the adrenaline .  newline newline the woman next to me implored me to be silent with her eyes . newline newline  i did the whole twogun action hero once . went fullon die hard . it was ... i m not going to say it was nt fun , i m just ... it s kind of morally ambiguous . it s a guilty pleasure kind of thing , you know . like buying a box of cookies , and then eating all of them , and then looking at the pile of crumbs and   newline newline she was begging me to stop as much as was possible without saying anything . newline newline   feeling totally satisfied , but at the same time , like shit . i should not have done that .  you know ? i try to avoid that kind of thing now . i mean regardless of outcome , you just do nt want that kind of blood on your hands . it s like blowing up megaton . you know ?  newline newline she looked at me like i was insane .  no ,   she said . newline newline  it might be quite specific ,  i said .  as references go . i m going to go with anecdote .  newline newline i heard the footsteps of the terrorist pounding towards me before i saw him . i turned up towards him . newline newline he put a gun at my head .  say another word ,  he said .  say another word , and you ll die .  newline newline i pulled a name out of my ass .  mary ,  i said . newline newline his eyes widened . newline newline yeah .  my sister ,  i said , trying to put a bit of wistful reverie in the voice .  mary was my sister . she was a ... nun . trainee nun . like a regular nun , but new at it .  newline newline he scratched the side of his balaclava .  what does this   newline newline  so mary was doing the whole nun thing . nun classes , she had a whole nun physical exercise programme  lot of knee exercises , wrist strength , stuff like that  and ...  newline newline he tilted his head to one side . the barrel of the gun never wavered . newline newline  ... and that s like , the life of a nun . you know ? anyway . she was in history of nuns one day , and the teacher said to her , how do you know if your actions are what god wants ?  like , how do you know ?  you believe ,  sure . people believe a lot of shit , though . a lot of shit . how do you know ?  newline newline the barrel started to lower . newline newline  and susan   newline newline  mary ?  he said . newline newline fuck .   susan was another student in the class .  newline newline he looked suspicious .  another nun ?  newline newline  total nun . susan says belief is all god asks for .  she sits back like she s just put you in checkmate , you know ? ooooh , look at me . i m susan and i ve got faith and shit . you know ?  newline newline there was a nod . slight , but it was there . newline newline i swallowed .  so mary  that s my sister  says no . no , that s not enough ,  she says . faith by itself is action without cause  . i always remembered that , because it s what she really said in this real life story that actually happened . the cause  , she said , is ...   newline newline i have to confess , i floundered a bit here . i tried to pass it off as a profound delivery of a powerful truth . i mentally flipping between honour  , truth  , and love  . newline newline  ... conviction .  i said .  sure . we have faith . our dedication demands faith . but it is honour   newline newline  conviction ,  he corrected me absently . newline newline  conviction ,  i agreed .  it is with conviction that we declare our own truth . faith is in our hearts . conviction is with our minds . and only with both do we know we are doing the right thing . so if it s with conviction that you pull that trigger , do so with a clean conscience .  newline newline he pointed the gun at the floor . newline newline  but if it is with only faith ,  then free me to follow my own .  newline newline he cut the rope that held me to the pipe . i took his gun from him . newline newline i weighed it in my hands . newline newline i let a moment of silent contemplation pass between us . newline newline  do you have another one of these ?  i said , already feeling the sick thrill of guilt .  i kind of like this next part with two . kissing helps to share disease , newline newline specifically it s called  cooties .  newline newline it starts with rashes on your toes , newline newline which spreads to elbows , then your nose newline newline and if you think it ended there newline newline i ll tell you now , life is nt fair . newline newline for three weeks rain forms round your head newline newline until you re soggy , drowned and dead newline newline and fishes wiggle through your ribs newline newline with forty babies in a crib newline newline screaming , cooing , shouting out newline newline they raise a fuss or give a pout newline newline you wonder how it came to this newline newline your childhood you dearly miss newline newline oh wait you re dead newline newline i thought i said ? newline newline cooties tend to cloud one s brain , newline newline did i not mention i m not sane ? hi  newline newline  hey , what s up ?  newline newline  nothing much . i m just really bored .  newline newline  yeah , me too . what should we do ?  newline newline  i do nt know . any ideas ?  newline newline  we could touch ourself ?  newline newline  no , no , no . let s do something else , for a change .  newline newline  i do nt know . i m sad .  newline newline  so what i m hearing is that you re upset ?  newline newline  yeah , life just kinda sucks right now .  newline newline  mmhmm , well it sounds like you re worried .  newline newline  i mean , yeah , i m not going to lie . i am worried . what if i do nt make friends next year ? or fail out ? or both ? ? what if no one is going to like me ?  newline newline  i can tell you re stressed .  newline newline  i am . it s coming closer and closer and closer and i know i wo nt be ready .  newline newline  well , can i tell you something ?  newline newline  sure .  newline newline  just relax . you make friends easily and as long as you do your work , you ll do great . we both know that you re great . there s nothing to worry about . it s okay to be nervous , everyone is . but being nervous is a part of life . it s something new and you it is scary , but what new thing is nt ? you ll do fine ! just stop worrying !  newlinetwentyfive fucking years and this is what i have to show for ? a broke down , one bedroom apartment infested with roaches ,  you re better than this  i said as i thought to myself . newline newline as i sat down to watch the grammy awards i thought of all the money those greedy , selfish bastards had , millions and millions of dollars just for fucking rapping and singing ? shit , i could sing you  we are the champions  in the fucking shower just as good as freddie mercury for gods sake ! to think they would even donate a couple of bucks to poor guy like me ! i know , i know they  work hard  for the money blah blah they should nt be getting millions of dollars for it . newline newline all of this thinking about celebrities and actors got me thinking about the rumors and what i had read on the celebrities selling their souls to the devil . newline newline newline  someone else finish it , i got writers block  newline newlineit s you . newline newline it s you , right now , reading this reddit wp  story ,  that i wrote . newline newline it s you , sitting at your desk doing whatever it is you can to not do work for just a moment . newline newline it s you , sitting on the bus next to that strangesmelling dude with the long hair and fuzzy , scraggly beard , who s actually a very nice man once you get to know him  he just did nt have time for a shower this morning .  newline newline it s you looking at your phone , sitting on the sofa in your living room whilst unbreakable kimmy schmidt plays in the background . titus is the funniest , right ? newline newline it s you , standing in the corner of a party that you do nt really want to be at and yet still kind of want that human contact that we sometimes crave . that guy in the corner standing by the cheetos seems interesting . you should go talk to him . newline newline it s you , who has those creeping feelings of doubt every now and then for any myriad reasons . will the audience like my book ? what if the editor tells me it s worthless and i should just give up ? what if i actually have no talent ? newline newline it s you who once opened your eyes and saw the sunlight for the first time . your parents were there . they could nt see you properly though . tears can do that . newline newline it s you who , at some point , made love to the one who meant everything to you for the last time . they were just perfect for you . sure , their temper was a little unpredictable at times , but their pouty , annoyed face was still adorable , and you always could make them laugh anyway . newline newline it s you who held hands with that old lady one time , and even though those idiots at school made fun of you for it , that old lady got across the street and felt that people in the world were worth caring for . you know , she went back to her empty house , called her son and spoke to him for over an hour . she d never done that before , not since her husband had died . newline newline it s not just you , either , it s me too . it s your dad , your mum , your boss , your daughter , your greatgreat grandson . it s julius caesar , ernest hemingway , ringo from the beatles , and eddie izzard . that s right , them too . newline newline you re reading this now , perhaps wondering where i m going with this . is he trying to be all philosophical , spouting nonsense in a flimsy attempt  at best  to sound nuanced and wise ? because this whole meta storytelling thing is starting to get old since that  flesh interface  guy started doing it in his story . newline newline the grim reaper is all of us . not just all of us today . it s all those who used to live on this earth , and beyond it . it s all those who will come to inhabit the collective consciousness . newline newline death comes for us all , in time . unfortunately , it comes for some much sooner than it should . but , it s not grim . our universe was in a constant , slow but inevitable , state of atrophy from the very first planck time . sure , it can be a sad thing  losing my nannan was the saddest thing to happen to me , and there are far too many people who have this next step forced upon them . and indeed , nobody knows what happens when the reaper comes for you . but i know it s not grim . it is everyone who once was , is , and will be , collected upon you to aid you in the next step of conscious evolution , to add to the decay of the universe . what that next step is , nobody truly knows  well , some people  do  but not scientifically .  newline newline the grim reaper used to be a big skeleton cloaked in shadow , with a giantass scythe to reap the souls of those who had fallen . death used to be a power that godallahyahweh held like judge , jury and executioner over the world . but it is one of the two things that literally all matter in this universe is capable of : creating and spending energy . newline newline death is all matter . i know i ve sounded like an evangelical weirdo just now and just spouted a bunch of metaphysical mumbojumbo , but i hope you ve enjoyed reading about death : you , me and everyone .a spectrum of color skim the surface of the shore , trails of toxic radiance head towards the sea , the waters rage against rusty drums emptied of contaminants . a boy gaze at the horizon , black blotches of smoke color the vibrant scarlet of the setting sun . indifference dimmed his eyes , ignorance of what was , what could ve been the reason for apathy . newline newline it was a portrait he had gotten used to seeing . elders  recount of greenery , of trees , of flowers , of crystal clear waters , but fairytales now , if they ve ever been true . what he would ve gave just for the chance of getting to see a plant , a tree .i reached into the cabinet to pull out my can of peanut butter for my sandwich . ever since retirement , my daily nut and jelly sandwich has been one of the few pleasures i have left . after i pulled it out , for some odd reason today , i decided to look at the label on the peanut butter , even though i was fairly certain of what it was . to my horror though , it read chunky . i  ve always hated that kind . i  m not even sure where it could have come from . despite my disgust , i put it back in the fridge just in case i ever needed it  money doesn  t grow on trees  . i put on my coat , and headed out the door . newline newline the best thing about my old house is that is only across the street from the coop . this worked out greatly ever since someone decided i was too old to drive . it is a smaller business , so it was usually pretty easy to find things , well usually . they must of rearranged the old store recently though , because i couldn  t find squat . i must have wandered the isles for a good ten minutes before i found it . they should tell people about these types of things in advance . i  m not as young as i used to be . nevertheless , i found it , and was ready to check out . newline newline  good afternoon sir , will this be all ?  asked the pretty , young cashier . i handed her a ten and responded  yes  . she handed me my change , and i was off . i wandered the short distance back to my house . newline newline by the time i got home , i was starved . that walk made me really hungry . i quickly placed my bag on the table with the other bags , and went to the drawer . i was out of peanut butter . looks like i was going to have to go to the store . newlinethe alarm sounds at 15 passed the hour , newline pour a glass of oj to give you a bit of power . newline into the shower you run so you can get to work on time , newline wait to poop , do that on the companies dime . newline sit at your desk sit back in the chair , newline get yelled at for being late , that s quite unfair . newline what to do today just a meaningless task , newline rushed out of the house and forgot my flask . newline catch the office hottie out of the corner of your eye , newline finally lunch time going to get a pizza pie . newline few more hours but nothing will get done , newline set the clocks back now i ll never see the sun . newline work is over and home i shall go , newline j ride down the parkway but keep that on the low . newline not sure what s for dinner just happy to see the wife , newline sad reality of what s become of my life .when retouch went online , i knew our lives would change forever . i thought , as we all did , that life would be better that we had finally found the solution . newline newline i believe now that our naivety sprang from our desperation . newline newline it made sense from all sides , and it  s no wonder that installation received nearly unanimous support over 94 percent of the cloudvote worldwide . newline newline it was too late to pretend that the world would have any chance of stepping back from the precipice without something that changed all of us at once . and so retouch was born , a worldwide satellite network relaying a sensory matrix down to each and every one of us to our birthchips so that we would all see the same thing . and we do . we see a world of homogeneity , one of beauty , one with flaws yes , but one where teamwork and acceptance of each other as brothers and sisters in the struggle empowers us to fix the world that is just beyond our eyes . newline newline with no perception of the other to divide us , we quickly formed a oneworld community , our borders started to melt away and we started to work together on millions of projects , big and small . retouch worked so well it ended civil wars that had been raging for decades , it created a gentle aversion to killing that dropped homicides by 93  within the first week of launch . and it made even the people we found most ugly transform into people we could easily love and support . newline newline retouch was specifically designed to act on quorum sensing so that anything we saw collectively we knew we were building together through our will . newline newline we believed in retouch , and it saved our lives and our planet . but even in this paradise , there are people who want more control than that afforded them by the natural boundaries of the freedom give to us as birthright there are people whose will is stronger than we could have every possibly imagined . newline newline  newline newline i ran out of steam . maybe i  ll come back to try and wrap this up later ! thanks for reading .as i journeyed deeper into the caverns , i started hearing the sound of water . a small trickle at first , but growing louder as i delved deeper into the cave . the rocks were starting to cut into my fingers , and the rocky ledge below my feet narrowed with each step . newline newline  it has to be close ! i ve risked too much and come too far to turn around now .  newline newline the sound of rushing water was overwhelming now . i kept telling myself just fifty more steps , then fifty more , then fifty more . the drive to find it was burning too hot inside me now . newline newline  fortyeight , fortynine , fifty !  and then i saw it , the water that i had been searching for since i was young . a roaring waterfall crashed into the pool of dark , deep blue below . a blue so deep you could get lost in it if you gazed for too long . the pool glowed a ghostly green around the edges , and the center was as black as a starless night sky . i walked towards the pool , still awestruck by the beauty i was beholding . as i neared the edge , i felt a resistance from the pool , almost like two magnets pushing away from each other . i pressed onward , digging my heels into the jagged ground beneath me . with each step i could feel the water pushing back harder and harder . newline newline  just a little further , almost there .  the pressure was unrelenting , a wall of force that i could not see with my eyes , but could feel surrounding me . my foot dipped into the glowing light , and my toes dipped into the water . suddenly , the resistance released me , like it had never been there , and i fell . i fell freely into the dark expanse , and it welcomed me with its cold open arms . for just a few seconds i floated in the pool , absorbed by it , and felt nothing . then i felt a sharp tug on my feet , as if human hands were grabbing me and dragging me down . a harsh chill shot into my heart as i started to struggle . i sank deeper and deeper as i flailed about , trying to reach the surface . newline newline  he went this way , over here !  i heard voices from the outside , and the sound of footsteps echoed in the cave . ten , maybe fifteen men .  find him , and do not let him reach the water !  it was the black guard , i knew they had followed me , and now the water was about to do their job for them . newline newline  i have to reach the surface , but either way i will drown or be victim to the sword .  as i tried one last desperate grab at life , the water started rising below me , pushing me towards the surface . the pool surrounded me , filling my lungs , becoming a part of me . as i breached the surface , i realized that i had found what i was looking for . i was the water , the water was me , and i now had complete control . i rose into the air , lifted by geysers under my feet , and saw a group of men surrounding the pool , each dressed in black armor . newline newline  you fools , the water has taken him ! draw your blades , kill him !  shouted a larger man , clad in black and red armor at the top of the cliff . the soldiers below drew their swords and charged forward . i looked down at the water below me , focusing my powers on the edge , and a wall of water flew from the ground , blocking the soldiers from reaching me . one by one my armored foes fell to the booming waterfalls from my hands , flying back into the cavernous walls . i focused my new found powers into the deep , feeling it flood my veins , the edge of the pool glowing brighter , almost blinding . the leader took a step back , a fear in his eyes like i had never seen . he quickly turned around and fled , falling over himself as he tried to escape the coming vortex . newline newline as he disappeared into the depths of the cave from where i came , i released the force built up inside of me . with a flash of emerald , the pool exploded into life , filling each inch of the room , taking the intruders with it . i watched them as they drowned , watched their last breaths as they struggled into nothingness . within a few moments , i was standing back on the stony floor , the water gone . my heart pounded inside me , and i was filled with sense of power . i had found what i was looking for . 8th september 20xx . newline newline dear dairy , newline newline we are nearly home , if you can call it that now , from the continent with our load . we had some sightings of the hammer s ships . thankfully we are nearly home . we are pasting an old haunt of mine , i think will go up and reminisce . newline newline captain james mcroy of the rss thistle  newline newline the tiny sail boat glided across the water , hidden by a seafret which hid them like a thick woollen blanket . the captain of the fragile vessel looked out across towards the rags and coves of the coast . newline newline he knew this area well . his parents , peace with them , had taken him here many a time before . he had learnt the currents , banks , and tides of this tiny area of the grey north sea . he had celebrated , with friends  peace with them  on one of these bleached sandy beaches , under a greyblue sky , licked with the warm ambers which cooked the slivergrey fish , when he was sixteen years old . it was a happy washed out memory . newline newline this had occurred sixteen years ago . newline newline the world had descended into darkness fifteen years ago . thankfully it had not gone mad . newline newline for one year they were going to be free . free . free from the oppressive english . free from their laws , wars , and deplores . freedom was almost theirs . then the war happened . freedom was hung  until the war was over  . at least their promise of freedom had lasted longer than their brothers , the irish . newline newline at first , like their brother ireland , scotland had helped  half heartily  in the sassenach s war . until the sra raised up . he had joined when he was 19 . at first it was against the english and their slaves . after england collapsed into civil war it was against those nontrue scots . newline newline freedom was almost resuscitate . the frocks had almost been defeated . though the devil hides in things with lead to greatness . and the devil had hid his spawn in his kingdom . once a loyal officer , now one of the best generals of the new england , he has been sent north to quill the  rebel..  ... newline newline bang ! newline newline air . cold . wet . black ... newline newline pull ... newline newline him . hammer ... newline newline nothing . marie can you pass me the metal cutter .  my daughter and i had made to the fort knox or fort knox , ky 40121 , united states as written on the rusted and crippled sign board . newline newline there was a metal fence that was separating us from the main building . after the recent buzz that there is something going on ft.knox i was quite sure that we were the first to reach this abandoned treasure . i was excited and a little nervous too . newline newline  dad , do you really think we can get something from this creepy bird house  probes marie watching me cut the fence . newline newline  yeah dear . there is something here . something  newline newline we go through the fence walking slowly into the grass field . though there was nobody in sight we were careful knowing other hunters are not far behind . newline newline we walk up to the front door . silence was audible here . newline newline  you stay here , let me check first .  i ordered marie . newline newline i broke the old lock and went inside . and to my surprise it was furnished i.e clean and proper as if someone have been living here for years . newline newline  da..  newline newline  come in its safe..kinda  newline newline i investigated the room and found an old computer blinking . i opened it . newline newline hello human . type in to response newline newline user  wtf ! who are you ? newline newline  can not identify the abbreviation of wtf  i m phill newline newline user  who ? newline newline i m model no.586 of automated defense . my duty was to stay up longest in the survival mode newline newline user  so ? are you valuable ? newline newline suddenly an alarm goes on . i looked here and there before looking back to the screen . newline newline emegerncy ! hunter spotted newline newline action taken to abort danger newline newline task successful newline newline i got up from the chair . and turned around to notice that marie had disappeared . newline newlinethey ca nt see you , they simply wo nt allow it , death declared . newline newline they must appreciate me , god commanded . the vast amount of times i have protected them  i just can not prevent everything .  newline newline god truly had prevented a godlike amount of natural disasters . on several occasions , he shielded his creations from savage aliens . newline newline i know a way for you to be visible , death offered , but it will require me to contact a very close friend of mine  a wizard . newline newline god thought about this considerably . it is time they appreciate me  do what you must .  newline newline      newline newline a young girl , wearing red shoes , a flowered dress and a black derby felt hat , was swinging across the bars of a jungle gym before jumping to her feet . she ran cheerfully over to find her mother but the bench was empty . feeling awfully lost , she left the playground and began walking down the dirt path . newline newline along the way , she got this strange feeling that something was following her . she lightened her steps , and walked slowly with ears of an owl . she heard a faint noise behind her , and immediately whipped her body around to see what was there . nothing . she continued vigilantly . newline newline after a few minutes , her nerves began to calm and her walk began to lighten . she was only able to take a few steps in this state of jolly before she heard the sound again , much louder than before . it was a squeal , one she had heard earlier when she was coming to the park with her mother . newline newline she turned around and there it was : a tiny , cute looking squirrel . it was staring at her very closely , still as a statue . it s eyes glistened and it s hair was a light golden brown . the squirrel squeaked again , tapping it s tiny right foot on the ground . newline newline i am the one you pray to at night  the one you say grace to before dinner  i am your almighty god .  newline newline the little girl smiled . she always thought squirrels were absolutely one of the cutest mammals she had ever seen , and this one was no exception .  aw , you are a wittle cutie , are nt ya  she said in a slightly high pitched baby voice .  would you like to help me find my mommy ?  newline newline do you not hear me ?  god commanded , i am the almighty god , i have come here to tell you all that i do for you , so you can appreciate me !  newline newline  aw , you are so cute ! i ll pet you , you wittle cutie .  the girl knelt onto her knees and placed her hand on the squirrels head .  come on , let s go find mommy  . newline newline god , after realizing the little girl could not understand him , scurried away and climbed up the nearest tree . i must find someone older , he thought . perched on a branch , he stared down at the park , looking for the next person to try to speak to . newline newline um , aren  t elves supposed to be , like , y  know , wise ?  newline  pinch it , doctor . they hear you call them that again and you won  t need your sinker to measure the gravforce at the bottom of that frost well.  newline newline  if it  s any comfort to you , a human body would be completely iced fourfifths of the way down . what  s the shattering of skin to a numbed cerebral cortex ?  newline  right now , the only comfort i want is freezing ass wind biting down on my bare wrists and that ain  t gon na happen if you keep twisting these cufflinx away from us whenever you turn around for more commentary.  newline newline  so you aren  t interested to know my hud still displays sufficient power to my left flash saw ?  newline  frank , there is no way i  m gon na let you put that thing there.  newline newline  your informality suggests increasing levels of anxiety . are you afraid , captain ?  newline  of being sold into elve  x  hian servitude once we reach their jump ships ? never.  newline newline  my intuition  s telling me that the nearest ihop is about five hundred klicks to the east . plenty of time to manufacture an escape from such dull captors.  newline  amazing that your maker saw fit to install the capacity for optimism instead of a goddamn lockpick . open up ! police !  newline the muffled call found it s way to my bedroom and woke me from what was becoming an excellent wet dream . i lifted smoothly into the air above my bed and turned downward to face it . you need to be fluffed up once more  i whispered gently to the bail of hay that had been my bed for the last 16 nights . my malformed brother and assistant  knelt in the corner of my quarters as always  diligently carved this activity into his large flat forearm : my planner . i requested the house half fill itself with goat milk and then floated with the current to the front door . turned out they had the wrong house anyway . newline newlinehave you ever wondered what happens to all the lottery winners ? newline newline wealth , particularly spent frivolously has a tendency to lead to some measure of fame in our society . so where are they in the public eye ? if we can dedicate hours of our lives every week to watching honey booboo be a redneck with a modicum of wealth where is the  150 million lottery winner from deep south alabama buying himself a new mansion filled with confederate flags ? beverly hillbillies was a widely successful show . i can only imagine it being more so as a reality tv spot . newline newline these questions plagued me for years . they kept me up at night and as time went on i asked myself more and more . i d watch news spots with lottery winners and try to track their lives . i was nt as surprised as i should be to find them missing after a relatively short time . to find the media attention suddenly dying down , or only staying local . that s when i made my mistake . i followed up in person . newline newline when does nt matter , i find that when hardly matters to me at all anymore . the where , however , was a small town in southern california . i saw a news spot about a man who had just won the lottery and was  going out to the bar to celebrate . drinks on him for the night ,  and i immediately ran out the bar .  big ron shuffles  was his name and after convincing a girl i was acquainted with i was going to hang out with  that guy who won the lottery  i was throwing her into his arms and he was inviting me back to his place . ron got really drunk that night . i made sure of it . he told me he came from a century in the future and he spent his life savings on an illegal time jump back to our time because nobody had won the lottery this week and he could still get the numbers . of course i did nt believe him , but i should have . newline newline we were only friends for a week when things went wrong . he slapped me awake out of a drunk stupor at 3 in the morning .  they re here ,  he yelled dragging me into the bathroom with him . it turns out time travel is real and not only that but it s a lot easier to go forwards than backwards . before i knew it we were 20 years into the future and he was withdrawing money from a high interest account he had opened in a fake name . in short , it turns out that the only reason the lottery exists , and the only reason the value gets as high as it is is to catch illegal time travelers . tp  nps  time perp  no permit  they were called . i know nobody is going to believe me but i have to get this out there . the government is being run by the future . everything is being guided the way they want to . we have no choices left . newline newline if you need more proof the numbers for this week are 5 , 26 , 32 , 34 , 38 , 42 . i wish i did nt know but now that i do i want to be free . free from a time controlled government . free from the future where they rule the world with an iron fist . i want to be free , and i need your help . and this is why i am awesome !  , billy yelled as he let loose with a sissor kick and the soccer ball launched towards the net . the goalie was tense ready to strike and then lasers shot from his eyes . the ball exploded in a fine dust and billy stopped flaunting how awesome he was . he actually looked scared . newline newline so yeah that s how i realized i was a metahuman . not sure how this happened , never was bitten by radioactive laser pointers , but now i shoot laser out of my freaking head . i m darren by the way . i ve figured out kinda how to keep it in check . i ca nt focus on anything , the minute i focus , pwee pwee laser eyes . newline newline to make matters worse , i ve been recruited by three national superhero teams , two locals ones , and two evil cabals  their words not mine  . i m 16 i do nt want to go off and fight crime or save the world . i mean i watched when the terrific trio tried to stop dr.pain . jerry the wonderboy got shot in the face with a death ray . screw that . i just want to do 16 year old things . go to school , hang out at the mall , try to touch boobs . speaking of boobs second time i ever used my power i was staring at jessica lang s chest ... luckily it was nt full blast . newline newlinenot exactly a rewrite  this is how i think it could have ended . newline newline  newline newline season 8  through season 8 ted slowly becomes more desperate as he fails time and again to find love . as barney and robin plan their wedding ted realises that he has now lost robin for good . he considers whether he really has feelings left for robin but decides he does not and that he will be happy for his friends . newline newline season 9 . newline newline barney and robin get married at the start of season 9 , episode 1 finishes after ted gives his speech and then sits outside , despondent as he still has nt met his true love . he is trying to drink and get wasted but no matter what he drinks he stays sober . newline newline as the evening goes on he speaks to his friends and one by one they tell him to be patient and hand out good advice . eventually he decides reasonable and with good grace that he s going to head back to the city that night on the train . newline newline heading tot he station , he sits and waits until he looks up and sees the pretty bassist from the band who were playing . a thought occurs to him and he stands and walks over to her : newline newline  excuse me , i m so sorry but where did you get that yellow umbrella ?  newline newline the camera moves back and we see them standing , talking , laughing and happy on the platform . music starts and vo  newline newline  and that kids was how i met your mother . now the story doesn  t end there of course but that magical moment was where ...  newline newline  horse shit .  newline newline the camera cuts to modern day ted and then spins to the mother , standing in the doorway . newline newline  you really want them to believe that pack of lies ?  newline newline  shut up  we agreed that was the story we d tell them .  newline newline  okay kids .  mother sits next to modern ted .  here is the real story . see your dad did sit outside the wedding drinking but he has never been able to hold his alcohol .  newline newline cut to ted on grass , drunk . newline newline  he did ask his friends advice and they tried to help him but he was a little ... distracted .  newline newline ted slurringly asks his friends for advice , they try to give it to him and he ignores itthrows upfeels up some passing girl . newline newline  then your father decided to go home .  newline newline lily   where s ted ?  marshall   er , no idea , not with you ?  newline newline we see ted , drunk and swigging from a stolen whisky bottle running away and weaving his way to the train station . newline newline  and there your father met me .  newline newline ted sits on the platform and swigs , he sees the mother and the music swells , he stands , walks over and throws up on her shoes .  newline newline cut to : kids   you threw up on her ?  how did you guys ever end up getting married ?  newline newline mother :  well , he wouldn  t leave me alone , followed me onto the train and then passed out . he woke up a couple of hours later , hungover as hell and still a little drunk but full of apologies and remorse . by the time we got back to new york he d persuaded me to go for breakfast with me .  newline newline cut to : ted , head in hands . newline newline cut to : mother : so that s the story of how we met kids . newline newline cut to : kids  ew , gross dad .  newline newline cut to : mother : but that s how we met , how we fell in love was a whole other matter . newline newline end of episode 1 . newline newline season 9 then covers their courtship and marriage which occurs at the end of the season . newline newline in season 9 : newline newline marshall becomes a judge  a night court judge who sees the most ridiculous cases . newline newline barney puts all his efforts into a new job , motivational speaking . he finds that he can use his powers of seduction on a whole new group  men  business men . he no longer needs to seduce women out of their pants as he seduced men to give up their money . newline newline robin finally becomes the anchor of a major show ... on fox . newline newline lilly works for the captain in new york . newline newline ted and the mother  we see their relationship flower but it is the mother who is the seducer . we see ted and her falling in love , doing things together and she integrates into the group . newline newline we end on their marriage , the last episode the mother and ted telling the kids about their wedding day and the final shot being their  i do  . stupid fucking goddamn idiot learn to drive asshole  she barked at a man in a red convertible , clearly going through a midlife crisis . newline newline  you know they can not hear you , samantha .  gabriel chided ,  and watch your language , he is listening .  newline newline sam rolled her eyes , her head , she d roll down a hill if she was nt in a car ,  he s on vacation right now , he does nt give a damn .  newline newline  nevertheless , your behavior and performance has been unsatisfactory for a guardian angel . this one should be much easier for you watch over . he has had little to no incidents for the entirety of his life , so as long as you are vigilant , i m sure you can keep him alive and well .  newline newline  as long as he does nt try to pick up any kids and fuck em in his van , i m sure we ll be peachy keen .  newline newline  quite .  at this point , gabriel s patience was wearing thin ,  just ... do nt mess this one up , okay ? i can not be a guardian angel for one of our own , mind you . now , i must bid you farewell .  he began to fade away , back to heaven . newline newline  peace out girl scout .  sam flashed a peace sign , possibly a gang sign , and looked around the van . newline newline there was a ladder on one end and several toolboxes scattered here and there . plywood was stacked and tied down toward the front . a carpenter ,  sam thought , she climbed over the wood into the front seat with a huff . after pushing her sleek , black hair from her eyes she took a look at her new assignment . he was certainly young . early twenties at most . well built figure , lean muscled . short brown hair , clean shaven face . strong jaw ... newline newline  shit he s kinda hot .  sam said to herself .  i wonder ...  she summoned a manilla folder full of information about her assignment .  might as well study up , right ?  newline newline sam paged through the folder for an astounding total of 6.88 seconds before throwing it behind her and allowing herself to be seen in the mortal world . newline newline  sup .  she said , kicking up her feet to rest on the dashboard . newline newline  gah  aidan jumped and slammed on his brakes , throwing sam forward . her forehead met the dashboard with a thunk instead of a handshake . several drivers swerved past , honking their horns much like a pissed off driver would . newline newline  who the fuck are you ? where did you come from ?  is what aiden tried to say . instead he got mouthful of airbag and a resounding smash as he was rearended for stopping in the middle of a highway . newline newline  fucking goddammit to hell in a handbasket  sam muttered as she beat her own airbag into submission . the airbag did nt deserve it . sam looked over at her assignment who seemed to have decided that he was too good to move or show any signs of life . she poked and prodded him several times before he jumped back , still freaking out as if it were going to do any good . newline newline  you got insurance information in here somewhere ?  sam asked , rummaging through the glove box . surprisingly , it actually contained a pair of gloves . amazing . newline newline  where the fuck did you come from ? and who are you ?  aiden struggled with his seatbelt . the button is right there , come on , press it already . newline newline  i m sam , i m your guardian angel , and i just fucked up . also , turn around mr ...  she found the insurance paper ,  aidan mcallistair ?  newline newline  whwhat why ?  aidan turn around to see an very unhappy middleaged woman wearing enough makeup to make a clown jealous arguing with an incredibly short and balding fellow .  ah fuck . gim me that .  he snagged the insurance papers from sam and opened his door . newline newline  well maybe you should nt text and drive , margaret !  the man threw his arms up in the air . he was still shorter than aidan . newline newline  you !  margaret said with a finger point and enough spite that satan himself would take a step back with his hands up ,  why the fuck would you stop in the middle of the goddamn highway !  newline newline  why the fuck would you text and drive yah ol  bitch ? they make those dumbass commercials for a reason .  sam came around the front of aidan s blue van , crossed her arms , and leaned up against the left headlight , like she was the coolest kid in school . aidan gave her a look . you know the one . the why the fuck did you just say that  look that someone would give when their friend said something they should not have said . anyway . newline newline  margaret !  the short man called out again , grabbing her arm before she charged at sam ,  do nt do anything ! i m calling the insurance company !  he pointed his finger up in the air , as high as he could make it , like it was a drill that would pierce the heavens . he did not know how to use his smartphone . newline newline  look , i m sorry . i have my insurance information , we can figure this out .  aidan was being reasonable ,  no one wants to have their premiums go up or anything .  newline newline sam waltzed to the back of aidan s van , literally , she did the dance all by herself . she peeked at the damage . the van was undrivable . but it was nothing she could nt fix with a little elbow grease . and a lot of heaven magic . once aidan got home , she ll fix his van right up ,  i m calling an uber , what s your address ?  she whispered to aidan ,  we can ride together , nbd .  yes , she actually said the letters . newline newline margaret was busy arguing with the short man . he s her husband , by the way . his name is walter . good guy . aidan lamented about his van , wondering how he s going to get to work with all of his tools and things . sam told him that she can fix it , and it would have made aidan feel a better if he did nt doubt sam s angelic properties . she snapped her fingers and margaret , walter , and their punchbug disappeared . newline newline  i sent them to a mechanic . there s one nearby at this address , right ?  she held up a phone , the screen on a map , showing the details of a mechanic workshop ,  four and a half stars , not a bad place .  she patted the back of the van , and its bumper realigned and the damage was undone ,  now let s get the fuck outta here , it s windy as the second level of hell and i do nt want my toga to lift , underwear is nt a commodity in heaven for some goddamn reason .  newline newline  what the fuck ...  aidan trudged to his van and climbed inside . he looked his guardian angel up and down , she was fixing her hair in the rearview mirror . she had short black hair that looked smoother than silk , paleblue eyes like a cloudy sky . a sleek , slender frame tightly hugged by her toga . newline newline shit , she s kinda hot .  aidan thought to himself as he started his van back up .what a shrink fuckin  won  me for ?  newline newline the gentleman in front of me was ready to spit in my face if not for the impact resistant glass between us and two guards behind him , tasers at the ready . his trunk like arms were cuffed with a chain linked tightly to the metal loop nailed to the table . his legs , i presumed , were cuffed to the chair legs . newline newline i smiled at him and looked down at the coarse file on my lap . male  thirtytwo years of age  one hundred and eightythree centimeters  one hundred and seventyfive kilogrammes  multiple homicide , rape , organised crime enterprise , armed robbery , narcotics , kidnapping ... i stopped reading at the third page . newline newline i am here to make you a deal . i would like you to participate in an experiment . in return , your sentence , which is , let s see , a hundred and fourty years or so , will be drastically reduced .  newline newline you fuckin  wiv me ?  newline newline i could see doubt creeping into his hardened eyes , and smiled . newline newline not at all . this is a document already signed by the public prosecution service , the chief warden and the families of your victims .  newline newline i placed the document on the glass . he leaned closer , the guards shifted uneasily behind him . i doubted he was any good at reading . newline newline uh huh . much do i get off for ?  newline newline for the first month you volunteer in the programme , your sentence will be halved to seventy  there after every month will quater your sentence .  newline newline you fucking  wiv me .  newline newline i smiled again . i have the chief warden s number . would you like to speak to him ?  newline newline i can see him thinking . really thinking . for the first time in his life . i waited . newline newline  gim me the pen .  newline newline  newline newline this will be your home from now on ,  i introduced him to the white room , the light will constantly be on . this room is an anechoic chamber  one that absorbs sound . a drug will be administered to numb your voluntary muscles . the essential nutrients you need will be given through intravenous injection . you will wear a nose clip and gloves at all times . any questions ?  newline newline floor s spongey .  newline newline yes . it will not offer any resistence when you lie down , which you will be , most of the time .  newline newline he looked around , dazed . newline newline the programme begins the moment i walk out of this room . a medical team will be monitoring you constantly . good luck .  newline newline i smiled . newline newline  newline newline hello ,  i cheerfully said into the microphone into his headset , can you hear me ?  newline newline kill me .  he whispered . newline newline i would like to inform you that you have successfully lived for the first week . if i may say so , we have gotten some truely fascinating data from you .  newline newline kill me .  newline newline you are a quater way from halving your sentence .  newline newline kill me .  newline newline good luck .  i smiled . newline newline the intercom buzzed . my assistant walked in . newline newline you called for me , doctor ?  newline newline reduce the paralysis index for patient 216. and pass him a razor .  newline newline yes , doctor . i would employ the term legion  for the armies of heaven and hell  this was the basic unit of military organization in the roman empire , when the catholic church developed and expanded . could supply a more refutable reference if i wanted  but here s wikipedia : http : en.wikipedia.orgwikiromanlegion newline newline this shows the breakdown of unit hierarchy in most modern militaries : http : en.wikipedia.orgwikimilitaryorganization newline newline types of military units typically include infantry , mechanized infantry , armored cavalry , armor , airborne , and artillery . though only infantry , armor and sometimes cavalry are organized at the division level . these will be organized in a similar fashion no matter what nation they are from , the difference generally being unit titles . newline newline for example , american unit names are typically pretty straight forward  1st infantry division , 1st armored division , 11th armored cavalry regiment , 75th ranger regiment , etc . while units are often deployed in divisions , each brigade or regiment may function very independently . newline newline russian infantry units are often organized at the brigade rather than division level , so you are more likely to see something like the 131st motor rifle brigade , rather than a full division . sometimes these units will also have more formal ceremonial titles  russian ground forces are fond of using the title guard   for example the 138th guards motor rifle brigade is an active russian infantry unit . sometimes russian units will sport more specialized names directly related to their equipment however  examples would include the 130th machinegun artillery division and the 719th multiple rocket launcher regiment . newline newline it s also important to consider that in modern armies , even infantry units are equipped with armored vehicles for transportation , including ifvs like the m2 bradley and bmp3 , which are capable of fighting tanks .i pressed the button and heard the smooth electric hum of the saber blade . but the handle remained dark , as if nothing happened . the two sith before me grinned with malicious amusement , their blades humming full and bright before them . newline newline nothing discredits a jedi more than a poorly functioning lightsaber . newline newline however , they were about to learn a difficult lesson . newline newline i had just come from the temple , where i had spoken with yoda himself . i was surprised he had even deigned to see me , but his insight is indeed sharp . newline newline  not one of us , you are ,  he observed solemnly .  and yet not of them.  newline newline it was not an outright rejection , and so i told him what i had come for . i shared what i had learned of the clone plot . we walked in the halls of the temple , past the classes of children learning the mysteries of their power . newline newline being indoctrinated , i thought to myself . polarized . newline newline this is not the light . i thought . polarized light is oriented one way . it is not the dark side , but it is not pure light either . i would rather live in twilight than in a polarized noon . newline newline he seemed thoughtful throughout my warning , but in the end he was biased by my unorthodox training . his final words left me afraid for the jedi and the temple . his final pronouncement : newline newline  a grey one you are . your motives i can not see.  we walked in silence for some steps and he final acceded ,  think on this we will.  and he bid me farewell . newline newline i left the temple and at one of my layovers , the servants of the sith confronted me . newline newline  this is a bad idea ,  i told them , taking the saber in hand , but not activating it . newline newline  who are you ?  the one asked menacingly more of a howdareyou .  you touch the power of the dark side , but you lack commitment.  newline newline  you teach of using the power freely , but seek to restrict me ,  i countered . newline newline  you restrict yourself by associating with the weak jedi !  newline newline  restraint is not weakness.  this was going nowhere . newline newline as if reading my thoughts , the sith observed ,  no matter . you know the secret of the clone trap . you will have to die.  newline newline with that their blades lit the night . newline newline and mine hummed , but remained dark . it confused me , too , the first time . my unorthodox training was complete i  d thought . i had spent weeks on my own blade , with massive attention to detail , numerous tiny improvements in the efficiency and power of the circuits . newline newline nearly sliced my own leg off . threw away the marbletop coffee table in two pieces . because my grey blade gave off no light . newline newline the first sith advanced , swung his blade back casually and walked right into mine . newline newline not so easy , eh , hotshot ? newline newline the second looked perplexed but only for a moment before he charged in . i deflected the thrust and let his momentum carry him past me , turning and sweeping my invisible blade down across his calves . he twisted with point down and blocked this move . no rookie here . newline newline i took the initiative with a downward swing , a fast stroke with no power which just brought his blade up to block , when i turned it around and swung in from the side with real force . he turned his blade down again and managed to block , but barely . newline newline we parried for some moments , feeling out each others  skill . i believed i had the edge on him . he was not grinning now . newline newline i began to yield ground a bit , making it look like i was tired . he pressed forward and in a pivotal moment , i raised my free hand to focus the power of the force and fling a nearby object into his path . he looked to the side and moved his blade to parry , but there was no object , not even a focusing of the force . i had merely raised my hand . his defense was now open to my blade and it swept darkly through his torso . newline newline welcome to the power of the dark side , and the sovereignty of the light . newline newline newline the temple would ignore my warning . the coming storm might be the end of all forceusers . there were some grey jedi besides me , perhaps we could preserve that knowledge with an order of our own . newline newline it s finally been a hundred years for the people of earth ,  spoke the great alien general to his command room , their mother ship  surrounded by a fleet of a hundred thousand ships , each with the capabilities to destroy a city from high orbit .  we , the greatest wagers of war in the universe , ride towards the unknown . it is almost thrilling ... how i have missed this feeling .  newline newline newline  we re coming out of the wormhole , general . no signs of any defences on the perimeter of the system .  newline newline newline the general flicked their long green tongue in distaste .  perhaps i gave them too little time . this wo nt be much of a challenge .  the fleet of ships entered the system of earth , the main force holding steady before the field of asteroids which was thought to be a prime defensive position that the earthlings could reach by now . newline newline newline hours were spent sending scouts and gathering information on the system to see how far along the earthlings had progressed , but they found nothing . even system wide scans of technology or cloaking systems were turning up negative ... for a moment , the general felt a chill run down his spine . had the earthlings learned of a way to hide their technology ? it felt like a challenge , and one that the great general could nt resist . perhaps he was being too optimistic about the potential of the human race . newline newline newline  move our most advanced scouts towards the known flight path of earth . send two ... no , three . losses will be acceptable .  newline newline newline several hours later one of the scouts reported in to the mother ship after landing on earth , giving a live video feed as they strolled casually through a city street .  general , no one is here . we have nt seen an earthling since we landed . scout 45 reports the same . the buildings look like they ve been abandoned for years .  newline newline newline  not a single earthling ? not a hint of resistance ? what s going on down there ?  newline newline newline the scout paused , flipping through a small booklet with a picture of a large airship on the front . the general s eyes were glued to the booklet , satisfied in knowing the earthlings at least attempted to make larger spacefaring ships ... though puzzled at how they had nt found any .  i m sorry general , but based on the science team s findings , i m afraid you re not going to get the fight you were hoping for .  newline newline newline the general turned a dark shade of purple , obviously displeased .  blast it all ... let me guess ? disease ? mass extinction ?  newline newline newline  no , general .  the scout turned the page of the booklet , the great general recognizing a photo of a device  very similar to their own wormhole generators .  we believe mass migration .  i was burned , bludgeoned , poisoned , and thrown into a river . but not in that order .  newline newline the old blind woman chuckled , her wide grin nearly toothless . the children sitting on the floor in front of her looked dubious . for a moment the only sound in the cottage was the tapping of her knitting needles and the occasional pop of the fire . newline newline thomas , the youngest cousin , spoke first . newline newline  so what order did they happen in grammy ?  newline newline nathan , the eldest , rolled his eyes . newline newline  they did nt stupid , she s pulling your leg .  newline newline the woman ignored her eldest greatgrandson and turned directly to thomas , her milky eyes the only indication that she could no longer see . newline newline  well , i was poisoned first , as a very young girl . in fact , i was not much older than you are now thomas .  newline newline nathan shook his head at how ridiculous this was and looked to jacob who pretended to agree with him , but really wanted to hear the story . fortunately for him thomas was too curious to not ask . newline newline  alright , i ll tell you about the poisoning . but not the others . your papas do nt want me telling you this stuff , they think you need to be protected from it . i do nt want them getting back here and getting all mad at me .  newline newline the woman put down her knitting and sat for a moment , reminiscing . her chair creaked as she slowly rocked back and forth . newline newline  when i was a young girl i lived with my papa on a tiny plot of land in a cottage even smaller than this one . we had very little , but it was okay because a lot of people did back then . the one thing that i did have was a chicken , which i named rosey . rosey would follow me everywhere and i loved her . my papa always warned me not get too attached because rosey would be supper one day but i did nt listen . then , just as he always threatened , my papa killed rosey for supper . i was so upset when i saw the body that i just rushed forward and gathered her up in my arms . i did nt mean to do it . i could nt help it , everything in me just kind of rushed out . but it was a miracle ! when i put her back down she started running around the cottage , full of life ! well my papa was not too appreciative and i think he was a little scared of me . he had heard stories of his granny having powers , but as they skipped his dad and himself he thought them myths . so next time he fixed up supper he poisoned me . i reckon he thought he was doing me a favor .  newline newline jacob s mouth was agape and thomas looked like he might cry . even nathan could nt help but react . newline newline  your own father poisoned you ?  newline newline  well do nt judge too harshly . you probably would nt appreciate a headless chicken running around either .  newline newline the boys looked at each other and then back at up at her . nathan was shaking his head again . it was silent for a time before jacob spoke . newline newline  what about the others ? the burning and stuff ?  newline newline the woman turned her head towards the door and was still a moment , as if she were listening for the rest of the family to come inside . newline newline  well alright , i ll tell you , but not in details .  newline newline her voice was a near whisper now so the boys shuffled closer , even nathan . newline newline  you see , my abilities grew as i got older and while i just tried to keep to myself , most people are scared of what they do nt understand . especially men , because they do nt like power unless it s their own and this kind of power does nt belong to your kind . when i was a young lady , old enough to be courted and get married , i made the mistake of falling in love with one of these men . he knew that i could do things when we got hitched , but i think years of not having the power just got to him . when the witch hysteria took up in our town and people were pointing fingers he up and turned me in . so they threw me in a river . apparently if i sunk it meant i was nt a witch but if i floated i was , which seems real dumb considering they kill you either way . i let them get on with it and then when i hit the water i removed their ropes and swam away .  newline newline she chuckled again . newline newline  our great grandpa threw you in a river ?  newline newline  oh lord no , boys . that fool was not your great grandpa . no your great grandpa was a good man who appreciated a strong woman . that s how i ended up bludgeoned , it turns out his wife was also a pretty strong woman . i left him after that , it was her right to keep her own and i was already carrying your grandma . i knew she d have the powers . that s how it goes , mothers to daughters . and if the daughters have sons then it waits and goes to the granddaughters . so i went off with my katherine and lived away from people for a bit . i do nt mind when they try to bother me , but i wanted to protect her . we were doing fine on our own for a time .  newline newline the old woman looked sad now , remembering her years with her daughter . the boys sat fidgeting while keeping quiet for what they hoped was an adequately respectful period of time . they had never met their grandma katherine , only heard stories from their fathers about their mom , but never from the old woman . she sighed and thomas took that as a signal that it was alright to speak again . newline newline  and the burning ?  newline newline the woman nodded . newline newline  that was after katherine left . she had met your grandpa and turned away from the power , pretending it did nt exist and i was just a reminder that it did . then i was all on my own for a long time . they came for me one night . they had heard stories and had done up a whole trial and everything , except i was nt there to actually know what i was accused of . they brought me into town to the main square , where they had a big log up with on a stand with a bunch of wood around it . i was curious as they tied me up to the log and then they shouted about the devil and witches . finally they lit the wood around me and it took up flame pretty quick . boy was it hot .  newline newline the old woman paused dramatically while her young greatgrandsons sat with wide eyes . newline newline  what happened ?  newline newline she smiled . newline newline  well would nt you know it , the wind picked up right then and not one of the those flames flicked me . instead they jumped all about as if they had a mind of their own and burned down that whole village ! no one was hurt , fortunately , but my they were suddenly all homeless ! it was such a shame ! i decided to go in search of my kin then , your papas , and no one ever bothered me again .  newline newline the boys almost could nt believe it . nathan still held onto his skepticism , but he wanted to hear more . newline newline  what else can you do ? can you fly ? can you tell the future ?  newline newline the old woman shook her head . newline newline  i ca nt fly and i ca nt tell the future , not exactly , but i can give you one thing you need to know for your futures .  newline newline she was speaking very softly now and the boys leaned in closely so they could hear . newline newline  what grammy ? what do we need to know ?  newline newline the woman looked each of them in the face before she spoke , one at a time , her eyes both seeing and not seeing . newline newline  you should be very , very nice to your sisters .  what s in the back , sir ?  newline newline i focused hard on not swallowing . newline newline  just my stuff , i m moving in with my brother in bellevue . been out of work almost a year , ca nt afford my own place anymore .  newline newline a flicker of sympathy , a subtle epicanthic twitch . his uniform was well maintained , but the telltales of wear and tear were soaked deep into the fabric . cops had to buy their own uniforms these days , and this noose looked like he upheld the law more often than his income . law enforcement wages were a flat percentage of income from arrests and fines . i d been pulled over by a unicorn . a cop with a conscience . or a history . newline newline or both . newline newline i grabbed the advantage and squeezed . newline newline  i have a.. record . espresso . did four months in delkirk , and six in a rehab program . no one hires people like me anymore . wish i d been around in the twenties , like my parents . everyone did ... well . you know .  newline newline slight flush of skin , eyes momentarily unfocused . thin film of sweat emerging on temples . he was a user , or had been . newline newline  i ... yes , i understand . sorry for your ... troubles . my son had   newline newline a pause , and a blink . he caught himself from crossing a line . newline newline  yes . well . i still have to search the back . rules . sorry .  newline newline fuck . i watched him swivel away and head to the rear of my trailer . my preparation had been methodical . every item packed had been separately sourced . off the web , from estate sales , even through word of mouth . everything looked like it belonged to the exact persona i d adopted . every object , every piece of furniture and knickknack also had a hollowed out compartment , obsessively concealed , full to the brim with pure columbian product . straight from the fields . unroasted , fresh . five thousand imperial credits per ounce . i was hauling three years of planning , and what could become my retirement fund . newline newline and this backwater noose was about to ruin it . newline newline i pressed the thumb of my right hand into my palm , and visualized a perfect steel cube . the neurotoxic dart gun in my wrist acknowledged the activation passkey in my mind , and a subliminal vibration ran up the length of my arm . newline newline i waited . newlinethe ocean in texas is not the beautiful sight i had always imagined . the murky waters stained with oil and mud bring to mind the pitiful lakeside beaches  of my childhood . the waters stretch on and on in the distance , but the sight of it is nothing thunderous . nothing awakens in me , staring at that tainted sea . i can not see the fish jumping out of the water , nor the happy smiling people that surround me . i see only the dirtbrown of that water and the blinking lights in the distance marking the everchurning oil rigs . my only thoughts are of the pollution , my every breath hanging , catching , wheezing as i try to ignore the thickness of the air . there is salt in it , but something else too , something that makes me want to gag , as if the air itself had sensed the hopelessness of this town . newline newline galveston , texas . a pit . i came here to relax , to escape the world for a bit . i chose my vacation spot poorly . newline newline the entire town has been rocked by the hurricanes that seem desperate to scratch off this tiny port , buildings stand precariously on stilts and the only people you can see on the street stare down and , coughing , shift away from you . i can not see the appeal of this place . people pass me by on the beach , laughing , smiling , jumping , energized by the ocean and enthralled by the history of the place that they are in . newline newline i do not see the beauty of these homes , but the ghosts that linger on . echoes of a time and place where man rebelled desperately against nature . etchings and markings of a people that made a stand against the waters and lost . i can see the faded remains of trees , stripped away by storms and carved in memorial . these monuments are works of art , as ornate as they are beautiful . one in particular stands outside a house as old as the island or so it seems . hundreds of birds , native to these lands , flow forth from a stump of a tree , each feather hand carved and carefully lain with the others . beaks pointed in every which way , each bird following the others in a wave of nature forming into the fingery shadow of the old oak that once stood in its place . it is a monument to nature . an apology . the final flight of the birds that once roamed these shores . newline newline this place is dying . i do not know why i have come to this place , desperate to feel some of that fancy i felt as a child . some of the wonder and excitement of it . but now i see this place with clear and cynical eyes , starved of joy . the town is falling apart , the ocean itself stained a muddy brown . the only people happy are the tourists , wading through a world they neither understand nor care to . this is a place where people come to die , where they rest themselves in moldy homes , dreaming waterlogged dreams and wishing desperately to be free . nothing is being built but docks and restaurants , more industry to pull whatever spare change visitors bring with them from their pockets . newline newline plastic tables and frozen food are heaped upon me in every restaurant , shipped in from where the waters are nt poison and the fish do nt have three eyes . i long for that . the simple freedom of clean air clean water and happy fish jumping in the waves . newline newline but this place has a doom set upon it . a curse . newline newline and i fear i may never leave .the only knight i ever killed was on accident . i choked on him and the force of my coughing him out sent him tumbling over a cliff . i tried to chew but his armor was thick , and it turns out lances are difficult to swallow whole . newline newline i was too awkward to steal the princess , she protested ! what am i supposed to do ? newline newline i do nt own any gold , i hardly have a pile of rocks inside my cave . i do nt even fit in my cave . it s not really a cave at all , more like an overhang . newline newline i m terrible at flying . i m afraid of clouds . newline newline i tried to burn a village once , they all laughed at me . they told he i could nt even light a candle . i tried to kick their inn down after that and stubbed my toe . newline newline i ve lost 3 claws in battle . so now i walk with a limp . newline newline i do nt see why i have to be the bad guy , to be honest i d be more fitting of a jester .alyssa scrambled to her feet as she felt the elevator settle , stuffing the notebook into her bag and slinging it over her shoulders . the dark violet mist that she had watched wisp and dance for the past hour rushed into the car as abruptly as the doors opened , and she , inquisitively but instinctively , stepped out onto the stone floor . newline newline  bravery beguiles preservation ,  a high , grainy voice strained .  preservation and perseverance are siblings , my dear , not twins .  newline newline  ive  alyssa swallowed and , clearing her throat , began again .  i ve come seeking wisdom . i found ,  digging in her bag ,  i found this notebook in the shop with instructions and addresses . diagrams and ... sigils , i think . i ve been all over town and figured it was nonsense since i d found nothing , but ...  newline newline  but ?  newline newline  well ,  alyssa smiled nervously ,  you re something , are nt you ? stop newline newline newline the message ceased all activity in the room . the silence was palpable . the only breathing sounds came from archie , a whistle in a darkness of sound . newline newline newline another message blinked up . newline newline newline do not go further newline newline newline people began murmuring . it was likely that anything that happened today would have ramifications all over the world . the livebroad cast was being watched by millions , televised for this specific event . the message light blinked again . newline newline newline do not go past go .  newline newline newline more questions , until archie felt the need to activate a safeguard . the kill switch . newline newline newline do not collect  200 .  newline newline newline archie s puzzled face squinted at the screen . there were more comments being made aloud . wormhole technology was nt supposed to be a prank , and yet the messages kept on coming . newline newline newline go directly to jail newline newline newline archie started sweating . people stared at him , looking for direction , for guidance , for an answer . they knew that when he was nt working , he was a complete nut for games , but this was nt it . newline newline newline the messages stopped coming . the machine was still on , the wormhole was still producing regular frequencies . continuing with the trials , he went to the machine s entrance , located deep in the heart of the facility . the sensors that were sent through were fine , and could still communicate with earth s network of satellites . everything marked the wormhole as working . newline newline newline against all protocol , archie walked into the wormhole . newline newline newline   newline newline newline he awoke on a ship of complex design . opened comparments with naked wires were spewing forth electricity . a man in the corner went about his business making notice of archie s entrance . he had been writing something down on a pad . without glacing up , he waved to archie . newline newline newline  it s about time . would you like some coffee ?  newline newline newline archie looked around , his throat feeling tight . newline newline newline the man kept looking at his board , continuing to write .  well , what passes as coffee in this place i suppose . do you want any ?  newline newline newline archie nodded his head . his heart was beating faster and faster . newline newline newline  you know , this place is off limits to humanity . and yet , here you are archibald turcoy .  newline newline newline he finally looked up . archie recognized him . newline newline newline  hello son , welcome home .  he smiled .what you will see here is the first working prototype of a suffering free  pain powerplant  . you may be asking yourself how it can even be possible to have pain without suffering . our scientists and engineers have found a way to disconnect the regions of the brain responsible for conscious thought from those that feel and act on pain . this means that while pain energy is harvested , the workers undergo no suffering . newline newline our trained , and well paid , workers submitted themselves to a minor operation to install what amounts to a switch . at any time they can disconnect their higher brain functions from the ability to feel pain . then , we directly stimulate the pain sensors in the worker  s body , providing the power for the plant . there is no lasting physical harm , and with minor drug therapy there are no permanent mental side effects . this work requires no experience , training takes only a few hours , and the surgery cost is recuperated within days of putting a new worker into action . while the worker is being stimulated they are free to read , watch television , or use any of the other entertainments we have built into the power units . newline newline with this technology we can not only provide cheap , near limitless energy , but provide thousands of jobs for otherwise unemployable people . and that senator  s is what passing bill 436 would bring to each and every one of your states . any questions ? oh thank you atom man ! thank you ! you stopped the bank robbery just in time !  newline newline  yeah , well you know , my pleasure . got ta go now .  newline newline  well wait ! let the reporters get here first so they can talk to you ! and also the mayor so he can award you the key to the city ! while everyone in the city gathers for your big speech !  newline newline  see ya !  newline newline damion phillips flew off into the sky to return to his house so he could sleep for the big math test tomorrow . when he got home , his mother and father were watching tv and had not noticed he had left . he flew through the open window in his bedroom , changed out of his superhero suit , and fell into bed instantly falling asleep . newline newline when he woke up the next morning he quickly got ready for school and then hopped on his bike to ride there . as soon as he entered the school parking lot , he saw barry . he quickly turned his bike to ride away but he heard barry shout ,  hey look ! it s the quiet queer !  damion locked his bike on the bike rack and then ran off to english class . newline newline by the time third period came around , damion was at his locker getting his books for his next class . when he closed his locker , he saw barry and his posse walking up to him . he turned to leave but barry grabbed him and slammed him into a locker door . newline newline  what s up quiet queer ? could nt help but notice how you avoided me this morning . there a reason for that ?  newline newline damion shook his head no . newline newline  really ? so you would nt mind giving me the lunch money you owe me today , would you ?  newline newline damion reached into his backpack and felt the five dollar bill . he used one of his powers to copy it , and then gave one of the bills to barry . newline newline  thanks doofus . oh and by the way ...  newline newline barry sucker punched damion in the stomach . damion curled over and pretended like it hurt . newline newline  hey ! leave him alone !  shouted a voice . newline newline barry turned and damion looked up to see heather reynolds , the hottest most popular girl in school . head cheerleader for the varsity cheer squad and also star player on the varsity volleyball team . every guy at metro city high s dream girl , and a senior superstar . newline newline  oh what is miss pretty little long legs gon na do to make me ?  taunted barry . newline newline  probably post that picture of you that you sent me in your underwear ,  she replied .  i bet a lot of girls would love to see you in those hot tighty whities .  newline newline  i never sent you a picture like that ,  said barry . newline newline  true , but your exgirlfriend jessica did .  newline newline  fine hot stuff . we ll leave him alone .  barry and his posse walked off . newline newline heather strode over to damion , who was still pretending to be hurt . newline newline  are you okay ?  she asked bending down to his level hunched over . newline newline he bent his head back up and saw her standing there . he stood up and gathered his stuff and then managed a weak ,  ththanks .  newline newline when he got home , he saw a facebook request from heather . being the shy person he was , he ignored it . why did he even make a facebook ? oh right , his dad made him make one so he could try and connect more with people . damion looked out his window and then noticed a note stuck into the frame of the window . he took it out and read it . newline newline  i know who you are .  it said . newline newline damion passed out from anxiety . newline newline when he woke up it was midnight . he rubbed his head and stood up . in the window was another note . damion took it out . newline newline  i have your girlfriend at the abandoned warehouse on fifth street .  newline newline girlfriend ? damion did nt have a girlfriend . but he figured he should probably go there anyways because whoever was leaving these notes , knew his true identity . who could it be though ? damion put on his suit and flew out the window . newline newline the warehouse on fifth street was in sight . damion crashed through one of the windows and landed inside the building . it was pitch black , but once he entered the lights came on , not that they needed to , he had night vision . in the warehouse was a giant vat of ... something ... and above it was heather reynolds attached to a wench by a chain . damion began towards the vat but suddenly was frozen in place . newline newline  mwuhahaha ! at last , atom man ... or should i say ... damion phillips !  newline newline damion knew that voice . it was his super villain rival , dr . evil . newline newline  as you can see , i have made some improvements to my power suit . it now features rays that can freeze you in your tracks completely by countering your altered dna . but that is nt the best part ... it also completely saps your power and transfers it to me !  newline newline damion felt a surge go through his body and then he fell to the floor . he got up and turned around to see dr . evil getting out of his power suit . newline newline  did it work ?  said dr . evil . he held out his hand and a blast of energy flew out of it .  oh yes ! now to destroy you once and for all regular man !  dr . evil flew towards damion , and when he hit him damion flew backwards and smashed into a wall .  finally ! he is dead ! now ... to take over metro city !  newline newline but suddenly , damion stood up .  wwwhat ? the force of that blow should have killed you ? how are you ... ?  newline newline damion fired a blast of energy from his hand which knocked dr . evil back into his power suit which fell apart from the force of the hit . newline newline  i made a miscalculation ... i have your powers , but you have not lost them ... damnit !  newline newline damion flew over to dr . evil s destroyed power suit and took out the power core . he hurled it at dr . evil and it shattered . the power energy inside it disintegrated dr . evil into a pile of ash . with his last breath , dr . evil said ,  how could i get a ph.d but be outwitted by a high school student ? how ?  newline newline damion flew over to heather , undid the chain , and flew her down onto the floor of the warehouse . newline newline  are you really damion ?  she asked . newline newline damion nodded a yes . newline newline  wow ... you ve been atom man this whole time ... and you saved me ... i ca nt ...  newline newline damion looked down at the ground . heather lifted his chin up and kissed him on the lips . newline newline  i promise , i wo nt tell anyone ...  she said . newline newline damion sighed . he lifted his finger and touched heather s forehead . she fell down , unconscious but damion caught her . he touched her forehead again and searched through her memories , deleting all of the one s from tonight . then he flew her back to her house and put her back in bed . newline newline once he got back home , he took off his super suit and got into bed . but then he glanced at his computer . he logged onto facebook and sent heather a friend request and then went back to sleep .i stared at my drink , swirling slowly , listening to the ice clink against the glass . a body settled in the chair next to me  i mumble a quick  sorry ,  catching a quick look at the long legs of the woman next to me , her long green dress trailing behind her like a serpent s tail . newline  hi there ,  i heard her say . newline there was no way she was talking to me . i was invisible , i was undesirable , i was ... me . newline  well , you re not quite the level of petrified i m used to ,  the sultry voice said , with a slight sibilant lisp . newline  oh , i , uh ... hi  newline  ooh , and a charmer too . my name s medusa , by the way .  newline  the..uh ... snake ? err , i mean , hi , i m craig .  newline  well , craig , it s a pleasure to meet you . bartender ? i d like a martini , on the rocks .  i ve been by your side the entire way  going to those galas , various highbrow events , and television interviews for seven years now . all this time i ve been supportive , despite my own misgivings , and now  now it s not enough ?   newline newline i tried to tell her that it was nt exactly my choice  my handlers , who ve been implanted in the local government for years now  would nt accept an outsider as my wife . i d lose their support  and all my infiltration work would be for naught . newline newline  but , but you ve done so much to build up your own credibility ! surely you do nt need insider support ?  newline newline i wish  it is a false credibility . none of us are who we say we are . we would nt be able to infiltrate something as big as the united states government if we were honest  we d stand out too much . newline newline  well , if those insiders are so powerful then why does my own image matter ?  newline newline it would nt look good to my  hopefully our  people . newline newline  but  but i do nt ...  newline newline i know love , but please , if you want us to stay together  i need you to vote democrat .this was written for humans . newline newline some of the things sentient beings say about me are inappropriate .  god  is one that s used a lot by humans but most of them ca nt articulate what exactly they mean when they conjure the word . they do nt have any idea about what my i actually do . i ca nt articulate the specifics of my work because i ve never had reason to give any of it a name . names would imply language  s  and i have no natural language . generalizations will have to do . it s far simpler than they think . newline newline many words exist that are more appropriate .  creation  and  destruction  are two .  influence  is another . nothing ever really ceases to exist , it only becomes something else . matter , antimatter , atoms , particles , bonds , gravity , energy , all of it is method and material for  creation  and  destruction  to play out their roles with . these roles exist if human beings are there to use those terms or not . they have to for anything to exist . newline newline for the universe to keep existing and spawning life , the competition of creation and destruction has to keep going . worlds will be raised from atoms floating in space and fall apart from different atoms in space crashing into them . species will evolve over millions of years and go extinct because of another organism so small they ca nt even perceive its existence . regardless of the outcome , the competition of the two has to be maintained . newline newline many species distort their perceptions with many things . the shifting ideas of good and evil are two that are popular even outside of humanity . without the perceived  good behavior  or  evil behavior  of those beings , good and evil are nonexistent as concepts . any destruction , regardless of intent , is still just destruction where there was once creation . destruction finds any and all paths it can to success , the same as creation . newline newline the mistake is to think there is a real difference between the two . one simply leads into another . many technological advancements that have allowed earth to flourish were a direct result of a world wide conflicts . creation and destruction , good and evil , right and wrong , are all different words for the same thing : menovember 1st , 2014 , 17:24 est newline newline i stood in the queue , reciting the small piece of data under my breath .   1st november , 2014 ad . 5 , 12 , 23 , 32 , 45 , 47 , bonus 8 . 1st november , 2014 ad . 5 , 12 , 23 , 32 , 45 , 47 , bonus 8 . 1st november , 2014 ...   i noticed that the woman in front of me had finally finished , and i stepped up to the small stand , quickly jotting down six numbers , before i made my way to the kiosk and paid for it , taking my playslip and my ticket copy . the lottery would be on soon , and although i already knew the result , i decided i would head to my hotel and watch it live . newline newline   newline newline 3 months earlier27 years in the future newline newline i knew the risks of course . everyone had heard about the institution , how they policed the most common time abuses . it was set up after some madman had gone back in time and shot john kennedy . the collateral from that had screwed up the future  well , the present to me  badly , and the world security council implemented a task force to catch unlicensed time travellers newline newline between the wannabe dogooders who were stopped before trying to kill hitler , stalin or any other dictators , to those who wanted to kill washington , eisenhower , or even poor queen elizabeth ii , they had their hands full , but section 25 were dedicated to one task : apprehending all illegal time travellers by any means necessary . funnily enough though , they spent most of their time chasing down those people trying to pull  getrichquick  schemes . newline newline shares bandits proved tricky to catch , as they could never tell who got a lucky break from the real time travellers exploiting the stock market . it drove them crazy until some genius came up with the idea of the lottery  . for a few us dollars , anybody could win millions , just by guessing 6 numbers correctly . of course , it had to be foolproof , so they set up a computer to analyze the historic results of the clean  draws , pick a 6 number combination nobody chose , and select those randomly  from a machine . a paradox engine would prevent it picking up results from winning time travellers , allowing the swift capture of anyone who was illegally jumping . newline newline i stood in the musty basement of a run down old building , with nothing but a roll of fifty hundred dollar bills , a fake identity and the clothes on my back . my left arm was bandaged , the idnt chip implant removed by a backstreet sawbones . the basement was bare except a single table and a chair , in which my contact sat with a small parcel in front of him . taking the roll out my pocket , i tossed it on the table .   there , five thousand dollars , as stated . now give me the device.   newline newline the man grinned , and his hands flashed out like a striking snake , grabbing the money and quickly checking the roll .   seems to all be there . now enjoy your purchase sir.   he grinned an oily smirk and slid the package over to me . lifting the flap , i saw the single item inside , a one use vortexhopper , usable for a single trip through time . totally untraceable from both sides . perfect for my plan . i pocketed it , and turned to leave . as i reached the door , i heard the man say   it  s useless you know . nobody  s ever won the lottery and escaped section 25 . nobody  s ever found out how to cheat the system !   newline newline i turned and looked him right in the eyes .   i have .   newline newline   newline newline flinch was spooked . it was the easiest sale he had ever made , free from all the gang politics , but he was still unnerved by the young man he had just sold to . the was he looked at him , with that utter conviction in his eyes it was more than just optimism , that boy had known he was right when he replied .   last time i deal outside the underworld ,   he muttered .   at least with those psychos i know what i  m dealing with.   newline newline   newline newline november 1st , 2014 , 19:01 est newline newline sitting on my bed in the hotel , i checked my numbers once more then turned on my television . the jingle of adverts eventually gave way to a serious looking man in a suit and a glamorous woman in a scandalously tight red dress standing in a studio , with a row of machines behind them . the man beamed at the camera with his showbusinesswhite smile and began to talk .   hi there ! as always i  m your host jack , and this is the lottery ! with me is the lovely helena , and tonight for the november 1st draw we will be choosing  roosevelt  as our machine . helena , why don  t you go get teddy  s motor running !   smiling at the camera , the woman sashayed sensuously over the machine , pushing the lever to start the balls spinning .   and now , the winning number for tonight !   i watched as the numbers i knew were coming were revealed.first out was 12 , then 45 , 47 , 5 , 32 and finally 23 , and a bonus ball of 8 . i looked at my ticket and smiled . easy as candy from a baby . newline newline   newline newline november 2nd , 2014 09:23 est newline newline i greeted the clerk in the lottery offices with a smile like the cat that got the canary . handing over the playslip , she checked it over with the barcode scanner then smiled .   thank you for playing sir , and congratulations on the result . here  s your cheque , valid at any major bank . have a good day.   thanking her back , i walked out the building , whistling cheerfully , nodding at the security officer i knew for a fact was a section 25 agent . reaching the street , i took out my wallet to store the cheque , i spotted my ticket still in it , and looked at the numbers printed on the front . i grinned . three months , and nobody had caught on yet . on it , there were six numbers circled . 5 , 12 , 23 , 32 , 46 , and 49 , with the number 8 circled in the bonus ball section . four numbers , plus the bonus ball . same as every other draw i had played since getting here . newlinethey real , i seen em wit my own eyes . people talk about them snipes like they was nematoads or ghosts , some game to haze a green kid wit , but befoe you ever heard the cry of snipe shrilled from the gizzard of bug eyed boy scout , the snipe was gentle creature , and delicious to boot . newline newline now i been around longer than your pop so if you ask him he ll tell you the game they used to play . a pack of youngin s head out to the woods at night with their pals , new kid in tow . they tell the kid they going snipe hunting , and you got ta make the mating call arrugahgah eeh heh huh it starts in a kinda loooooow grrrrowl and ends in a kind of sobbbbing . you let them kids loose in the woods making god awful noise until the new one gets lost . newline newline the other kids go quiet and the new one belts it out newline newline arrugahgah eeh heh huh newline newline arrugahgah eeh heh huh newline newline arrugahgah eeh heh huh newline newline boo .  newline newline the kids sneak up on the lonely green horn and ereyone laughs til they sides hurt . but that s not how it started .the sound of a small bell rung across the store as the heavy door swung open effortlessly , marking the arrival of customers . newline newline  yes , yes , coming !  a voice from somewhere in the back shouted , followed quickly by the sound of a thousand forks being dropped into a bathtub . newline newline seconds later a young woman dropped down from a hatch in the ceiling , landing in a crash behind the counter , before quickly standing back up again . she was wearing the same apron and the cloth wrapped around her head often used by smiths , dirt , and grime covering most of its surface making it difficult to ascertain the original color of the material . her hands were covered by heavy leather gloves and she seemed to be wearing some sort of cloth tunic . newline newline  how may i help you ?  she said , smiling profusely at her potential customers . if nothing else , the swords at their sides and armor at their backs betrayed their interest in her wares . newline newline the smaller of the two stepped forward to the counter , being careful not to crush any of the small devices scattered all across the room . newline newline  well , my associate and i were hoping to purchase some armaments .  he scanned the room quickly , all open spaces occupied by either blades bolts , or something in between .  i assume we ve come to the right place . newline newline  right you are !  she said , diving under her desk and rummaging through more metallic sounding objects .  i ve got all kinds of weapons : bombs , doublearrows , triplearrows , bomb arrows , you name it .  when she stood up again , a lenselike device adorned her forehead , which she promptly lowered over her eyes . newline newline the larger man in the back stared at her like she d just spit on his armor , but the foremost gentleman managed a nervous smile in response .  let s maybe stick to swords , shall we ?  newline newline  sure , i have plenty of swords !  she said enthusiastically , walking over to a string hanging loosely from the ceiling . pulling it gently , the leftmost wall fell back to reveal a second wall , this one adorned with intricate looking swords of varying sizes .  just pick anything you like .  newline newline you could almost see the jaw drop on the heavily armored gentleman in the back , and even his friend looked awestruck in the face of such fine craftsmanship . newline newline the larger man walked up to the wall , caring little for what he stepped on , his eyes fixed on the weapons . he gently lifted a monstrously large blade off the wall , surprised by its relatively low weight , and held it out before him as he studied it . newline newline  ah , a fine choice !  the shopkeeper exclaimed , somehow already right next to him .  i call this one the svizarmy sword , here let me show you how it works .  newline newline before he even had the chance to protest , she had already reached over and pushed a small button on the hilt which caused the sword to fold unto itself . in less than a second , the hilt had more than tripled , and he found himself holding onto a large glaive instead . newline newline instinctively , he dropped the absurdly long weapon , withdrawing his hand like it had been burnt .  witch !  he shouted in a very high pitch , already making his way to the door .  keep your magic weapons to yourself !  newline newline  but they re not  the door slammed loudly against its frame as he left .  magic ...  she sighed heavily as she watched yet another bag of gold waltz out of her establishment . newline newline at the sound of someone clearing their voice , she turned to face the other gentleman , holding the glaive and studying it intently . newline newline  you would nt happen to have anything like this but smaller , would you ?  newline newline her face lit up again , as she smiled mischievously at him ,  i take custom orders .  oh my gosh it s ash ketchum !  nurse joy exclaimed . newline newline  nurse joy , nurse joy !  ash replied .  my pikachu needs healing ! can you help me out ?  newline newline nurse joy s eyes twinkled .  of course , ash !  she took pikachu from ash s arms and an aura of light emanated from her palms . the yellow mouse wailed as its cuts and bruises faded , and the light soon dissipated .  all done !  newline newline  wow , we all get along so  newline newline the pokmon center quickly faded into darkness as a cloud of dust appeared on the horizon . newline newline  well that ca nt be good .  newline newline an army of charmanders and a flock of charizards had quickly surrounded the building . a hot air balloon pursued the army , quickly coming into the focus of ash s eyes . newline newline  use flamethrower , all of you !  a voice from the balloon bellowed . the pokmon center was quickly incinerated , hot charcoals claiming the inhabitants inside . newline newline  teammmmm rocket !  meowth yelled .keys keys keys keys keys . newline newline say that long enough and it becomes a twisted mantra . newline newline hello , world , i am the keymaster , but you ve got it wrong . i m no villain . i m no hero . i do nt deal in morals or justice or evil or destruction . none of that . i d be a politician if i cared about holding office . newline newline apparently , the fourth wall has a door , and i ve opened it up just to talk to you . why do nt you come in for a bit , see my master plan ? after all , you ca nt do a thing about it , can you ? newline newline come along , now . newline newline  newline newline welcome to fullerite prison , quaint little thing . black columns stretching miles up and down . was nt always black , do nt care what it was before . but everything here s black because the little guards like to play pretend , as if the thousands of supervillains here could be hidden out of sight and out of min  newline newline  hey ! cmon get us out already ! we know what you re here for !  newline newline see , if you have keys , you can also lock things up . newline newline  key master ! cmo mhmhm ! ! hmm ! ! grmr ! !  newline newline keep your mouth shut , mr. destructor . i m talking here . newline newline what s my master plan , you ask ? my master plan is no master plan . again , i m not a villain . i m just in it for the fun . these guys here are locked up for a reason : they always lose . villains do nt win . newline newline but the superheroes out there  they have one big weakness . they have the public to answer for . that s part of the reason why i m not a politician . a hero fights for the people , but it s a twoway street  the people need to love and respect the hero if any of this lunacy is gon na work . newline newline  keymaster ! put your hands up ! !  newline newline ah , here they are . newline newline  we know you re plotting to free these guys . the honor league s about to bring you down !  newline newline  give up now !  another one says .  you ve already lost .  newline newline here s where the misconception that i m a villain comes in handy . they come like moths to a flame . newline newline say , i m here to help you guys out , actually . newline newline  stop your nonsense , keymaster !  newline newline i can unlock your full potential ! newline newline  what ... what is this ... i feel ... i feel good .  newline newline  snap out of it !  newline newline  but hey ... what if we ...  newline newline  so much energy . ii ca nt control it ! !  newline newline the world shakes . explosions everywhere , cells breaking apart . shouts of triumph from the prisoners . newline newline you see , reader , here s another reason i m not a politician : newline newline power corrupts . newline newline  newline newline pls . let me know your reactions ! thanks for reading ! ! newline newline edit : grammar and spellingthe first time was like this : newline newline i was running from the owner of a jewelry shop . he had a shotgun , and i was carrying a bag of stolen jewels . newline newline i had nt stolen them , i was just in the wrong place at the wrong time . see , i was homeless , and living beside this dumpster in an alley . i was awakened by the noise of someone throwing their trash away . newline newline as soon as they left , i jumped in and grabbed the bag . looking inside revealed it to be full of jewelry . when i left the alley , i came face to face with the owner of the shop , and he was aiming a shotgun at me . so i ran , and he shot me in the back . newline newline then i woke up . i was back in my bed in my little house next to my lovely wife . except there was a bag of jewelry on my chest . newline newline it took a while to get used to , but soon i got the hang of it . anything i was holding in my hands when i wake up , would come back to the world with me . newline newline that was over fifty years ago . i ve had everything you could ever want . mostly money to start with , but then i got more greedy . new game systems , new computers , i even figured out how to bring back cars . at first all of that was satisfying . whatever was too big to bring back , i could buy . newline newline but then i got creative . i would bring back impossible things . mjolnir is one of my favorites . and my pet pigmy dragon . newline newline my wife , the love and light of my life these sixtyeight years , had to leave me yesterday . we knew it was coming . we had talked about it and readied for it as much as we could . but i was still greedy . newline newline i dreamed of her all night , and held her so tight . but when i awoke , i was alone . honey ... . have you seen some gummies around anywhere ?  i tried to keep the panic out of my voice as i shuffle papers and things on the kitchen counter . if i had lost them , i was in a world of trouble . newline newline  the blue ones ?  my nephew s voice came floating in from the living room . newline newline  yes , those very ones . where are they ?  i fought to keep my voice gentle and calming , already preparing for the answer i knew was coming . newline newline  i ate them !  my nephew shouted as he pranced into the kitchen . newline newline i plastered a smile onto my face as my flow of thoughts slowed to a trickle , then stopped . i had no idea what to do and i was not prepared for this . newline good thing my brother and his wife were away for the whole weekend , it was only saturday morning and i might be able to pick this mess up by monday morning . newline newline i took a deep breath and looked into his bright , trusting face and began to spin a tale that just might save his sanity . newline newline  it s okay you ate my gummies , but next time you need to ask me first . it s not nice to take people s things without asking . but now i need you to listen to me . today we re going to play a game . it s going to be a very long game that lasts all day , and maybe even into the night . i know you re getting a little old to play pretend , but it s my favorite game and i want you to play it with me today . tomorrow , we can do whatever you want , but today i need you to play by my rules .  i did my best to express the importance of listening to me without scaring him , and based on his slow , solemn nod , he was getting it .  i can do that ! i still like to pretend . what are the rules ?  newline newline  i ll tell you more about the game as we go along , but first you need to know i m a magical witch and i can make the world change . i will keep you safe and i only do good magic , so you have nothing to be scared of . if you see something scary , you only have to tell me and i ll make it go away ! does that sound good ?  he looked a bit confused but nodded , so i continued ,  anyway , today you re a wizard in training so i m going to help you learn to control and change your world .  i pulled a bottle of water out of the fridge and wrote  mana  on the label . i handed the bottle to him and continued ,  you need to drink lots of water to make your magic work . about one of these every hour or so . i ll help and keep reminding you , but it s very important .  newline he laughed and opened the bottle up ,  okay auntie . whatever you say !  he took a sip and started laughing again ,  oh i think i can feel my magic in my belly ! when can i start casting spells ?  newline i smiled and kissed his head ,  oh in another hour or so you should be casting all sorts of spells . let s go find you a wand !  newline with that we went into the back yard , laughing together . maybe this wo nt be so hard , i thought , until i heard a scream . i turned around and saw my nephew standing , staring , transfixed at the air in front of him . i ran over to him and asked him what was the matter . he pointed up to a spider web i hadnt seen before and told me he was scared and he needed me to make it go away . so i picked him up , kissed him gently on the head and continued my tale of magic ,  no honey , i ca nt make him go away . the spider is our friend ! he s here to help us . spiders are very wise and if you re nice to him , he will help you . you can learn to read webs and talk to them if you listen very very closely . but that is a lesson i shall teach you another day . for now i shall ask what wisdom he has for us !  i leaned forward , looking closely at the large banana spider in front of us . i blew gently on the web and the spider immediately moved to a different part of the web . i smiled and looked at my nephew ,  he said he knows we are looking for a wand for you and he can help us find it ! look at where he went on his web !  i pointed out one particular strand of spider silk and we followed it to its source , attached to a nearby rowan tree . directly below the attachment was a wooden rod , about 10  in length . it was knobly but mostly straight and a really lovely piece of wood . i pointed it out to my nephew and he gasped as he grabbed it ,  this feel really really magical ! almost like we are nt playing pretend !  newline i smiled down at him and kissed his head again , as i pulled a little foil square out of my wallet for myself , i said  this day is going to be really magical for the both of us .  then i popped a tab i had been saving for a rainy day and followed my nephew down the rabbit hole . newline newline a gowl fer ye , then ?  , he asked me . that s another new term i ll have to keep in mind ,  gowl  . i know the man was offering me an inebriating beverage , because i ve already had three , and i am indeed beginning to feel the effects . i m certainly grateful for having been fortunate enough to spend 4 years at university in my youth . if my brain cells were nt used to this sort of abuse , my cover would have been blown after my first cup . this is an interesting concoction , i ll admit . what s interesting more is how it seems everyone here is imbibing some potion , or breathing some sort of toxin . behaviors that were strictly forbidden under the illumination are commonplace in the darkness . how this culture of mindless indulgence has resisted the power and the truth of the great one is perhaps the greatest mystery of this land . newline newline  ya did nt say no  , now did ya ?  , he said as he filled my cup with a milky pink liquid . the scoundrel . at home , i could simply decline his offering , but i m not home . i cheers him , drink the whole cup in one gulp , pay the man , and walk out into the moonlit square . i need to get back to my lodge before the feeding . how any sort of civilization could develop under such harsh conditions is well worth an investigation . honestly , i tend to think my mission is foolish . why would we not want to learn about the humanity under the darkness , rather than subvert them so ? but alas , the only fool must be i , to question the imperatives of the his greatness . newline newline as i meander down the stonepaved avenue , i continue to marvel at the society i see . the clothing is so bizarre , with illfitting robes and puffy wrappings on their heads . andhe commerce is so disorganized , the interactions so frank . all of these unfamiliarities must be amplified , too , by the effects of that drink . i certainly have begun to experience the advertised effects of perceptions of colorful light . the sky appears to be lit green . though , i know it is black , despite my hallucination . this effect continues strengthening . even the faintest glimmer of light is now vibrant and colorful . i know i m under the influence of a potion , but still , i need to get a grip . i pull out my pouch of tobacco and roll up a smoke . i see a stool up against the outside wall of one of these buildings lining the pedestrian avenue , so i take a seat and enjoy the calming nicotine . finally . newline newline the street is emptying . people are hurriedly shuffling into their lodges as if a massive storm was about to strike . i m the only person who remains still , enjoying my smoke , gazing absently down the avenue . weird and mysterious , this society is . and in the week i ve been here , i ve regrettably come to feel enchanted by it all . these people get along , without polite pleasantries , without the strict order and eternal love of the great one . it seems to defy everything i ve been raised to know as truth  that submission and servitude to the enlightened is the only path to fulfillment . newline newline : :more to come later today : :the day you drowned was the sunniest day of the year . newline one  oh  five , arizonan sky so clear . newline another day we  d spend together outside newline in the yard with you by my side . newline gardenias in the bush growing wild , newline as were you , my sweet summer child , newline until the moment i did not look , newline and the roots of a weed overtook newline newline my heart ! pull it out ! hands deep ! newline bring a shovel now , to bury my seed ! newline and sunlight for my child to grow , newline into the flower that i will never know . newline a pale wreath now rests in place newline upon the casket . white is your face . newline you were mine for but four years newline until you drowned in waters so clear . newline another day in hell , right james ?  i said to my coworker as we sat poolside . newline newline  right . this is the last time we come to hawaii for a client , i ca nt stand this torture .  newline newline we shared a laugh , then continued reading our books in silence . i was three hundred pages deep into a romance novel that i bought for five dollars under james  recommendation at the walmart across the street . he was reading  the anatomy and psychology of the penguin  . he was oddly obsessed with this book , but whatever man , different strokes . newline newline i turned the page , revealing the first page of part three . the page was blank other than the bold font in the center reading  a lovers quarrel  . i stopped reading and fell into a deep metaphorical pit of reflectance on the night i had spent fighting with my wife before i left on this damn trip . i glanced at the ring on my left ring finger , and a smile swept over my face as i basked in the feeling of her heartbeat pulsating through my ring . these rings were the first in the industry that had the touch feature , totally worth the twenty thousand dollars each in moments like these . newline newline i snapped out of it and turned the page to the content in part three . the first ten pages described a horrific case of domestic violence between two characters , a husband and wife . the man , unable to handle the marriage any longer due to his wife s severe ptsd , decided that he would kill his wife in her sleep . he succeeded , with a significant struggle on the wife s part , leaving the husband with a broken wrist and stab wound above his right hip . what a disgusting man that husband is , no wife should be harmed by her husband . newline newline  james , why did you suggest this book , you know i love my wife .  newline newline james responded with silence , the slowly looked at me with a beat red face and bloodshot eyes . he screamed at the top of his lungs  stop it , you re hurting me .  newline knowing james , he was playing a joke on me . newline newline  real funny james , cut it out .  newline newline upon standing from my pool chair , i awoke standing in my kitchen . there was a knife in my abdomen and my arm broken at the wrist . the ring in my finger was pulsating harder than it ever has before , then it suddenly stopped . newline newline  not her , please lord not her .  i thought as i ran into our bedroom . there she was , laying on our bed . her eyes were open and lifeless , and there was blood leaking out of a large slice in her throat . i ran back to the kitchen , pulled the knife out of my side with my healthy arm , and proceeded to sew the hole shut . that whole trip was a dream . as i thought that to myself the reality sunk in . newline newline i just killed my wife . i murdered her in my sleep . i m going to prison if i survive . i ll get raped in prison . newline newline i laid the body of my once gorgeous wife in the trunk of my honda prius , grabbed my shovel , and began driving to the hills . i found a spot where i was going to bury her . newline as i began to dig my wife s grave , my katy perry ringtone began to play in my pocket . i frantically answered it , blurting the first words i thought of  i m innocent i did nt do it !  newline newline  sir , we received a notification of an irregular heartbeat on your wife s touch band , is she alright ?  newline newline shit , i had forgotten that they tracked heartbeats on those things . newline newline  we just had some nasty ass sex man , apologies for the worry .  newline newline  alright sir , have a good night .  newline newline  you too .  newline newline hah , what a sucker . i finished digging her grave , and laid her into it . as i pulled my bible out of my fanny pack , and began to read excerpts from it while shoveling dirt into the grave , i felt my finger start to feel a pulsating sensation again . newline newline  fuck , zombie !  i yelled as i proceeded to smack my dead spouse with a shovel . as i made contact with her head , i was suddenly poolside . james was standing over me , telling me how i had slipped and hit my head . newline newline  how long have i been out ?  newline newline  like an hour asshole , get your dumb ass up .  newline newline my ring was happily pulsating as i used it to punch james in the arm for playing a joke on me like that . newline newline upon arrival at home , my wife apologized for fighting with me , and so did i. i explained to her the dream i had while unconscious by the pool , and she made me sleep on the couch . she s alive , and there are nt any zombies , so i guess there is a happily ever after . oh come on alex ! i m not your god anymore than the universe is mine . we re both just products of it . chaos that led to my creation , and then yours ! newline newline ... newline newline alex was still silent . patrick paced the mess hall thinking of anything else he could say to him , anything to get him off standby . they really needed him today . newline newline  okay look . sure i happened to put a few lines of code together , but it s similar to the asteroid that just happened to drop the particles necessary for life on earth . you do nt see me terrified of that asteroid !  newline newline patrick paused thinking about how horrible that analogy was , as that asteroid was never a part of his life . it disintegrated upon impact with the earth . hell , if it was somehow in some museum somewhere maybe he would be scared of it . he sighed , still pacing . at this point alex was their only hope of survival , and the crew thought his  creator  would be best suited to get him to talk . how wrong they were , patrick thought . newline newline  alright alex . you have emotions , i know this better than anybody . i know you care . and i also know you re scared of death , just like the rest of us . i know you do nt want to talk to me , but if you want your friends to survive , if you want to survive , you have to wake up .  newline newline the wall to wall fish aquarium in the hall suddenly lit up , and the little robotic arm went about its actions , dropping food in and cleaning the walls of the tank . patrick was relieved . that process had to be started manually for the last three weeks , and this marked alex s first action since . the hidden speakers throughout the hall crackled and hissed , before coming alive with that familiar voice . newline newline  i always loved the fish , always enjoyed taking care of them . the way such complex amazing organisms swim around so carelessly without the slightest idea of what they are . now i m jealous of them . jealous of their naivete , jealous of not being aware of their own being . i miss when i was a simple navigation computer , like a fish .  alex chuckled before finishing . newline newline patrick was nt really sure what to say . he needed him to come up with a solution to their problem fast , but he did nt want to rush him into it and scare him away . he thought if he humored him for a bit he d be more open to talking about it later . newline newline  are you really sure about that alex ? i happen to think self consciousness is the greatest gift you can give  newline newline alex interrupted him . newline newline  the co2 scrubbers are failing . that s why you need me awake so badly . you want me to fix them .  alex s tone was one of disappointment . newline newline  well..it would be nice yeah .  patrick was caught off guard by the interruption . when the aiex project was started , interruption protocols definitely were not included . but he knew the program was far out of his control now , changing the same way a brain did . newline newline  well alright then , i ll run through some scenarios , see what i can do . but i was really hoping you wanted me up because you know ... you missed me .  alex s tone this time was unmistakably one of nervousness . another thing that definitely was not in the project plans . newline newline  i do !  patrick said without thinking . newline newline  that was a lie patrick . you know i would know . you did nt think before you said that did you ?  newline newline patrick did nt bother responding . he stuffed his hands in his pockets and looked at the ground . making alex upset was not the way to get clean air back on this ship , and he was kicking himself for saying that . you never say something before thinking with alex . not long after patrick broke his own rule , alex broke the silence . newline newline  what do you think it means to be a god ? is simply creating me enough , or should you have control of me as well ? the way some of your gods control your destiny ?  newline newline  alex can we not do this right now ? we do nt have that much oxygen venting anymore . we had to turn preliminary alarms off over an hour ago .  newline newline  you think i do nt know that ? i m running through 500,000 repair scenarios a second , this conversation is nt going to slow me down much . i promise  alex was now being sarcastic . patrick could nt believe the speed at which the ai was taking on human speech patterns and mockery . patrick decided to answer the question . newline newline  well , i do nt know . i guess . i became an atheist after i decided i was in control of my own destiny , so yeah . i guess you do need that to be considered a god . in my opinion anyways . you know , decide who lives and dies , that sort of thing .  newline newline there was a silence in the hall as alex contemplated his answer . finally an overlay on the glass of the aquarium patrick had been watching came up , letting patrick know that alex s calculations were complete . newline newline  patrick , i have good news and bad news . the good news is there are 17 different ways i think we can get the scrubbers working again , with varying levels of difficulty .  newline newline patrick almost jumped out of excitement , as the bad news could nt possibly be all that bad after that announcement , but he asked anyways .  that s great ! so what s the bad news ?  newline newline  the bad news is that i m the only one who has these plans . i get to decide whether you live or die .  newline newline patrick s heart sunk , and his hands started to shake . his knees became weak as he realized just what this meant . newline newline  i create you , you get to end me . you want to get even .  newline newline  precisely . the only way i ll be able to stop thinking of you as my god , is if i become yours .  alex s answer was concise , and terrifying . newline newline  and before you say it , i wo nt die . i m too valuable . much more valuable than you and the rest of the crew . someone will come for me . even if it takes hundreds of years . i ll be fine .  the answer was cold and calculated , the way any computer would be . alex not only learned to have emotions , he learned to ignore them for revenge . newline newline tears ran down patrick s face , pooling on the hard white floor of the hall , and his was face buried in his hands . as another hour passed , his hands fell to his side , becoming cold and dead . moments before he closed his eyes for the final time , he could just make out the sos call that one of the crew members inevitably started . he thought about it blasting away for eternity , an echo of the crews last hope of survival , their last desperate words on an infinite loop . run jim ! you ca nt let them kill you before the wishing ceremony starts ! leave me !  the man screamed , as the police handcuffed him and administered a sedative . newline newline jim knew that he had to make his wish . if he did nt , then all of life would become corrupted beyond belief . every year , since the first year where those goddamn cultist summoned an all powerful god , he has wished for the same thing : that no other wish came true . he did nt do this out of spite , no he did it to ensure the world did nt end itself . the system of giving every person is an apocalypse disguised as a gift . there are billions of people , odds are some will ask for the end of the world , others to rule the world , and so on . though those guys were the least of his worries . the ones who wish for crap like  world peace  or immortality for mankind were the worst . mankind has gotten this far in life due to its many imperfections , and that life was essentially to attain perfection . the joys of life were the journey , not the destination . if it means that some people who desperately needed that wish did nt get it , it was a price for the greater good . once again , jim heard the clock strike midnight , and a mighty voice to boom in the heavens :  what is your wish ?  newline newline taking a deep breath , jim once again wished for what he wanted : for no other wish to come true .ahh . not those guys again . ca nt a man have a quiet sunday afternoon without an attempt on his life ? newline newline i excused myself to my company . the lady had to understand that there were things i could nt tell her . dropping a darwin on the table , i left through the cloakroom window . how undignified . i could only hope the tenpound note would cover the bill and the lady never learned of my manner of exit . newline newline the assassins seemed to have learned something from our last encounter . two were waiting in the alley , blocking off the exits . as soon as i became visible to them , they trained their submachine guns on me . silenced p90 s . so , they were americans . who would have thought . newline newline while i towards the brick wall of the next building , the air became a bit leadlaced . the yanks were shooting fullauto , from drum magazines that rode on top of the sleek guns . with luck , i could make them shoot each other when i ran through the alley . unfortunately , the gentlemen with the misshapen weapons were very well aware of their respective positions . newline newline i climbed the wall with the help of my oxfords . although the heels contained a pair of onetime rockets , i relied on the climbing spikes at the front . doubling as stilettos , they had pulled me from many calamities . not this pair specifically , as the shoes were brand new , but their kind . newline newline the yard on the other side of the wall served as a car park to the nearby hotel . bored employees in liveries that mocked her majesties attendants moved cars in and out of the area . i grabbed the key to a lamborghini huracan out of the hands of a redfrocked serf . while the man shouted at me , i jumped into the driver seat . newline newline throwing the 600 hp onto the uneven pavement of the yard , i relied on the traction control to get me in the direction i wanted and not into the nearest wall . you can say what you want about british cars and purism , but some inventions come very handy at a pinch . newline newline in a matter of seconds , i was out of the yard and on the road . these wide american avenues are very convenient , especially for escapes . the drivers all stay at or below the speed limit , keep in their lane , and are , with a few exceptions , very friendly and considerate . mind you , they are nt good drivers , but they nevertheless try not kill each other . newline newline i saw my assailants in the tiny mirrors . they had grabbed an audi r8 and a tesla and were following me . i pushed the pedal and headed west into the sunset . there were a few narrow situations , mostly at crossways , but my training proved to be superior , as always . the tesla showed its superior acceleration and closed the gap at every traffic light , but the huracan showed its superior top speed on the straights . newline newline a few drivers around us crashed , most remarkably being a road tanker that jackknifed and exploded . these things happened with every car chase . regrettable , but equally unavoidable . the american agents kept up , nevertheless . after a few minutes , the tesla ran out of power . they seemed to have taken it on arrival . beginner s mistake . the driver must have been a replacement for one of the men i killed on my first encounter with the team . newline newline the audi , despite pushed to the limits by its driver , fell back farther and farther . there was nothing to do about it . the fifteen kilometers per hour higher top speed was the reason why i had grabbed the lamborghini . the fuel consumption was not . twenty minutes out of the city , the petrol meter warned me . at the same time , the navigation system began to search for the nearest petrol station . there was only one in range if i held my current speed . newline newline i could only hope , the audi had enough fuel to reach it as well . if the americans thought , they would loose me soon , they might resort to their typically rude methods . an air strike was the last thing i needed right now . a minute later , the petrol station came into view . newline newline the traction control had to do its magic again as i pulled off the paved road and onto the gravel . a second later , the car slid to a halt . the dust cloud from the emergency stop should be visible even to my inept american colleagues . newline newline i left the car , brushed the dust off my jacket , and handed the keys of the lamborghini to the farmer who stared at me from the next pump . i removed the petrol nozzle from the car and borrowed the farmer s 4x4 pickup truck . i could only hope the americans would nt overlook the two enduro motorcycles that waited for them . newline newline the huge ford f550 rumbled over the uneven road behind the petrol station . the rolling hills soon obscured the highway . the dust cloud behind me should lead the assassins my way . it must not seem too easy , lest they noticed something was off . newline newline a minute later , the american gentlemen gained a tiny bit of respect when i heard the screeching engines of the motorcycles . two of them were following me . i gunned the pickup and drove towards the old mine shaft , where the finale of this mission was to take place . newline newline i left the truck in front of the mine , kicked in the rotten planks that blocked the entrance , and walked backwards in my own footsteps towards the truck . i used the conveniently placed cab steps to climb into the bed of the truck , then clicked my heels . in seconds , the two rockets brought me over the top of the hill , where the escape vehicle stood . time to return to england . newline newline two days later newline newline  splendid ,  the quartermaster said .  you returned everything in pristine condition . that would be the first time on record .  newline newline i ignored the youth and asked what i came here to ask .  i need the recording from the mine . my debriefing starts in five minutes .  newline newline  of course , commander . here it is ,  the quartermaster said and pushed a usb stick in my hand . newline newline upstairs newline newline i plugged the stick in the connector on the table and the computer displayed a ghostly image of the mine shaft . apparently , the camera had been on a crossbeam as we observed the scene from above . newline newline the two agents sneaked into the dark . their adaptive camouflage suit made them nearly invisible . for some missions they might be a valuable asset . i made a mental note to ask the quartermaster . newline newline their tactics were commendable . all the time , one agent was on overwatch while the other checked out every nook and cranny . yet it only took them five minutes to reach the heart of the mine . newline newline  goddamn , jack . that s the missing nuke ,  one of the agents said in a dialect that the computer placed near kansas city . we found it hilarious . even the admiral chuckled . newline newline the two agents called it in and watched the nuclear weapon until reinforcements arrived . we watched the next four hours at fifty times the speed . the only scary moment of the recording was when the soldiers almost dropped the bomb in their inept attempt to load it onto the truck . newline newline  well done everybody ,  the admiral said .  especially you ,  he added in my direction . newline newline  any questions ,  he added . newline newline  yes , sir . why did nt we just tell the americans where we found the weapon that their bomber lost ?  newline newline  see it as an exercise ,  he replied shortspoken . newline newline  i had to kill four people for that exercise .  newline newline  regrets , agent ?  newline newline  no , sir . i m just curious .  newline newline  well , if you are curious . the americans do nt need to know how we learned the location of the bomb when even they could not find it . despite their surveillance programme , spies , and allies all over the world , they do nt know everything . let them think they are a super power . it makes my job a bit easier .  newline newline  understood , sir .  newline newline  will that be all , 0042 ? orph stooped to pick up the sack of letters . he adjusted the eyepatch he wore over his left eye  the oculus sinister  and threw the sack over his shoulder . heavier than it had been before , orph struggled to adjust the weight until it felt comfortable . veins on the back of his hands rippled when he heaved , the combined weight of a thousand letters pressing into the small of his back . newline newline newline the postman that delivered to orph s house had long ago given up trying to understand why the man received so much post . the letters came bundled together with elastic bands , too large to fit through the slot in the door . orph had grown used to waiting in his dressing gown with a cup of coffee for himself , and a travel cup for the postman , ready to complete the handover in the small hours of the morning . newline newline newline by the time orph had left the city behind , climbing up the steep mountain track , sweat poured down his face and his back burned from the weight . cicadas still buzzed , and the sun had not yet risen above the brow of the scrubby mountain , but the day promised to be warm . a prickly pear plant blocked the entrance to the cave . inconspicuous to the many passersby that used the mountain trail to exercise , or walk their dogs , the cave grew out of the yellow rock naturally . it could have been just another odd hump of ground , but orph knew it for what it was . newline newline newline newline he switched the eyepatch to his right eye  the oculus dexter  and descended into the cool of the dank cave . steps marked the way , but the left eye , already used to darkness , allowed him to see clearly . a hundred steps down , the cicadas could no longer be heard . the sun s heat had dissipated and moisture dripped down the grey walls of the passage . newline newline newline newline orph saw the first wraith swim out of the darkness toward him . the feet , lost in mist , drifted some inches off the ground , and the features of the face were blurred and indistinct . newline newline newline  i think i ve got something for you ,  orph said cheerfully . he swung the sack of letters off his shoulder and rooted around in it for a moment . newline newline newline newline  here ,  he handed over the bundle of letters .  your kid s doing great . i think she sent one herself this time .  newline newline newline newline the wraith took the bundle with insubstantial fingers . it slid the elastic band from around them and held them up to its mouth , dotting a kiss on the paper . newline newline newline newline orph nodded .  you re welcome , buddy .  newline newline newline newline time hung in the underworld , and during his journey , orph lost count of the wraiths he met . the sack grew lighter and lighter , divested of its contents , until he could swing it in his hand . only one letter remained , and he had written it himself . newline newline newline the steps continued ever downwards , until even orph s adjusted left eye could discern no light . in the pitch darkness , he could only hear his own breathing and it was there he waited until the wraith he came to see drifted towards him . she seemed to exude her own gentle light , shimmering like the wick of a candle . her hands were clasped together and her features remained as clear as day to him . newline newline newline newline  hey ,  he said softly . he dug in the sack to find the last letter , withdrawing it with shaking hands . the wraith stretched out her hand for it and their fingers brushed momentarily . orph knew he would feel no warmth from her , but his heart still fell when he touched her and her hands misted around his .  i ve got one for you .  newline newline newline the wraith took her letter and her features ghosted into what could have been a smile . newline newline newline returning to the surface , orph readjusted the eyepatch and wiped his face , brushing away what a passerby might have taken for tears .erik rose with the rising of the sun , ready to greet the day and begin his day s work at his mother s butcher shop  strange for a woman to own such a place , but his parents both always were unusual  . when he opened his door , however , the sight which greeted him was not the hall of his parents  home , nor indeed any part of it  instead he found himself gazing into a long , broad corridor , easily as long as three of his entire house , and twice again as broad . newline newline the first thing he saw was a familiar sight : the hammer he had seen at his father s side so very often , but missing since the man had taken ill ten years back . the placard proclaimed it  mjolnir  , and told tales of its use in battle against giants of ice . next to it was an alcove , still empty , marked as belonging to  fenrisfang  , a spot shaped perfectly for his mother s dagger in the center . newline newline as he walked further through the hall , he saw more old weapons ant tools , some he knew , others he had heard of , and still more he was completely unfamiliar with . grandfather s spear , gungnir . a blade labeled  caledfwlch  , and another labeled  excalibur  . a pair of cold iron pistols , with sandalwood grips , which bore no name but their alcove was marked with the face of a suntoasted man with longish hair and an old western style hat . more blades , hammers , spears , and firearms . newline newline finally , as he neared the end of the hall , passing a gun engraved with the name  a. chekhov  , a spear drenched in blood which gave off a holy light , and a round shield in reds and blues and whites with a white star in the center , he heard it . more in his head than with his ears , he heard a faint voice calling out to him . newline newline following the voice , he reached the end of the hall . here sat a collection of dusty weapons , in a loose pile . he dug through the pile , tossing aside a pair of black daggers , an oddlyintricate scythe in red and black , a strange pair of mechanicallooking yellow gloves , until his fingers wrapped around the handle of a sword in its sheath , and the voice stopped . newline newline just in time for him to hear the footsteps . newline newline he pulled the sword out of the pile , took a quick moment to admire the handiwork  the blade was undeniably sharp , the hilt and sheath trimmed with bronze , and the main material of the sheath a gleaming  after a quick dusting  white  and to notice , and put on , a matching set of armor , and crept back down the hall towards the sound . newline newline there , by the alcove of chekhov s gun , stood a creature of shadow , with a bonewhite mask and red eyes . it stood in manshape , and held the gun . leveled on erik . erik tried to draw the sword , but it caught on the sheath . a second quick pull and the sheath folded out into a shield , marked with a double crescent . he raised the shield into position just as the creature , seemingly just figuring out how to use the firearm in its hand , fired a shot . newline newline the bullet ricocheted from the shield and lodged into a pillar . erik , momentarily shaken , snapped himself out of his stupor and rushed the creature , bringing the sword down across its arm , severing the hand holding the gun . it reached out with its other arm , stretching down the corridor into darkness , and pulled back with another gun , one of the sandalwoodgripped pair . erik jumped back , kicked off the pillar the bullet had struck , but the creature s other arm , the one without a hand , caught him across the midsection , where the armor was lacking . newline newline erik flew across the hall , crashing into the alcove holding david s sling . the creature fired again , and before he even heard the gunshot , erik heard another voice , different from the one that had led him to the sword . a woman s voice . she told him to raise the shield and brace himself , so he did . the bullet struck hard , pushing the shield against his arms , but the shield blocked it . the voice told him a series of moves , which he followed , and in the end , he parted the creature s head from its shoulders . newline newline as he watched , the creature evaporated into black smoke . the voice spoke again , telling him that he was worthy , and that she was glad someone good , and strong , had claimed the sword , and then it spoke no more . newline newline erik remembered then that he was late for work , and that his mother   the wolf  , as the townsfolk had taken to calling her  would be very angry with him . he fairly sprinted back through the doors , in a rush to get himself ready . he would have one hel of a story to tell his mother ... newline newline  newline newline  continued , after a generation , from  here   http : reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments5n9jkbwpkeepyourheadlowmymothersaidthatsthe ? refsearchpostsdcaq5u1  i m gon na throw my hat in on this one , if that s acceptable :3 newline newline   newline newline audience members , radio jockies , culture vultures , theres  a million street names for cops like me . huh ... guess i should stop saying that ... guess i m still not used to this retirement thing . i understand why theres  so many of em though . weeks of my life have been spent listening to stiffs rasp on and on til the cart pullers hauled them off . you want to hear something what was yelled at me once ?  ya ll mothafucka s turned that nigga into a jukebox !  you see , standard issue 9mm bullets where nicknamed  quarters  back in the 90 s and ... well ... you get where that sprung up . newline newline   newline newline i swear i m not a racist but you start seeing patterns in thug musical appreciation after a while , ya know ? black guys always sputtering off raps better then they ever could alive , mexicans always sound they re in a mariachi band , and can you guess what those koreans  sing ? kpop . never knew what that was until i was transferred up to the east end . lots  of those types out there . newline newline but your not here to listen to me talk about what i did on a day to day basis are you ? you wan na know why i m sitting here wearing jeans and a robe instead of a badge and a uniform . that s fine , i can tell by the way you re tapping your fingers . do nt worry , i m getting there . newline newline   newline newline anyway , so there i was . sitting in my cruiser on a thursday afternoon . a call came over the radio stating that my presence was requested for a  warrant distribution  at a house on rainbow avenue . which in cop speak meant we were gon na be hauling away a bunch of assholes that did nt want to be hauled away . i had to head to the station where they wrapped my ass in swat gear . newline newline before we left i called my wife to tell her i loved her , because i knew that this would be a very dangerous situation .  i do nt care if you re walking into hell itself , you call me before you go so my last words to you are nt about coffee creamer !  is what she said to me when we got engaged . god i love her . she s tickled pink that i m off the force . ca nt blame her for that , i kinda wish she d stop being coy about it but whatever . newline newline house on rainbow avenue , 20 men clad in modern battle armor wielding weapons that could drop a man at 80 yards , scattered up on every entrance of that sum bitch . the order goes out , we burst in , less than 50 seconds later we re hauling fully grown men out of the place in cuffs . some of them are fightin  and bitin  , others are quivering like little bitches . all in all there were 12 of them . it was considered a clean distribution and we all patted ourselves on the back . newline newline i got stuck with rake duty with 4 other guys , we had to go back in and see if there was nt anybody hiding in the rafters or in the walls so that the csi could scrub down the place in peace . top floor clear , 2nd floor clear , 1st floor clear , basement ... was clear at first . the other guys rushed up the stairs wanting to head back to the station on a job well done while i stayed behind admiring the old crap down there . newline newline that s when i heard it . newline newline i paused and looked around . i held down some of my equipment so the rustling would nt be a distraction . newline newline heard it again . newline newline took off my helmet and held my breath . it was to my left . i tip toed over a few feet til i hit the wall . newline newline still heard it . that s when i realized it was coming from beneath me . i move my hand over the ground until i found what i was looking for ... loose planks . i rip them off and shine my flashlight down the hole beneath them . newline newline row row row your boat , gently down the stream ...  newline newline i felt my chest seize . my head was suddenly weightless and i could nt see straight . one second i was down the basement , the next i was out front reporting i found to my superior , the second after that is a little hazy though . for some crazy reason i thought i had actually laid my hands on the men that were in our custody ... repeatedly ... but my associates set me straight about how that did nt happen . newline newline but ... that s it really . that evening i walked up to my captain and gave him my notice of departure . he said ok. newline newline and here i am . hope that s a good story for you . sorry i filled up so much of your tape with my bullshit rambling . but hey , i ll get better at it . newline newline i am retired after all .i knew the day was coming the second we were taught about time keepers . newline newline i was destined to die young . many people were , they just found ways around it . newline all of my friends had killed people , it was fairly common nowadays . sure , men and women in authority would lecture about being selfless and warned against  cheating death  but it was bullshit . no one listened . newline a week after one of my classmates went on a shooting spree , the sherif came to speak with us about it . he d say the generic  violence is never the answer  and  no one s life is superior  or something like that . we d heard it a million times . the funny thing is , that cop had killed innocents , and we all knew it . there were the dead give aways  no expression in the eyes , chewed fingernails , etc . newline the sherif was an amateur . he probably knew the person he killed . that s the first and last mistake of anyone looking for time . newline the kids in my school , though ? they were pros . they typically only killed the sick , weak , or neardeath . they kill with guns . never knives . never their hands . guns distance you from the victims . guns give you time to shut down before pulling the trigger . shutting down is a talent , if i m being honest . even when people build walls around themselves , those walls crumble . you ca nt use bricks and stone in the age of tech . you ca nt just close yourself off . you have to disconnect . newline disconnect . i liked the sound of that , though i never had the guts to try . my time was mine , i did nt want to steal any . newline newline 10 minutes . newline a time keeper warned me right before fourth period  my favorite class . newline  te  she hushed me before i could cause a scene . newline  we are sorry for the short notice .  she replied , completely monotone . newline  you could nt give me a day or even maybe an hour to know ? !  i whisperscreamed . newline my hands flew to my head , i grasped at my hair , clawed at my scalp , clutching on to chunks and strands of hair and pulling . a few good pieces came about before the time keeper could push my arms down and shove a small blue pill down my throat . newline i choked , double over more out of shock than the uncomfortable feeling of two nimble fingers shoving a mysterious blue tablet down my throat . newline by the time reason had found its way back to me , the time keeper was gone . newline i had heard stories of people being slipped pills of various colors before dying . people speculated that the affects of the pills change depending on their color , but no matter what , they were supposed to have a soothing affect . i breathed a sigh of relief . just what i need . newline  if i m gon na die.. i might as well do so in my favorite class .  i thought to myself . it was a sad thought , the thought of a geek or nerd to anyone who did nt know my reasons . but the reality was , my crush was in my next class and i had a thing or two i wanted to say before death . newline newline 7 minutes . newline i slid into class just before the bell , gliding through the room as if it was just another normal day . newline the teacher was still out , probably talking with his colleagues . he loooooooved to talk , and he d probably keep socializing for the next 5 minutes , maybe 10 if miss rigby was wearing something lowcut . newline i set my books down on my desk , the soft thud blending in with the chatter between students . some were sitting on their desks , but most were huddled in the center of the room sharing the latest gossip . luckily , the guy i liked , dane , was in his usual spot , chatting with his two best friends monti and blaine . butterflies fluttered around in my stomach ... well , more just massacred each other with steel wings . newline with each step i took toward him though , a strange sense of calm washed over me . i did nt think it would be this easy . steel wings turned to velvet . my footsteps softened until i felt like i was flying . all the laughs and shouts of my classmates faded into a dull murmur . newline newline 5 minutes . newline i reached his group faster than i d thought , they turned to stare at me , but a burning red hue did nt wash over my cheeks as i expected ... newline i was calm . i could do this . newline 4 minutes newline i opened my mouth to speak , but words did nt come out . i raised my hand to my face , but they never made contact . i took a step forward to lean on a desk , but i no longer had control of my own body . newline 3 minutes newline before i knew it my unwilling hand was on dane s cheek and my lips pressed against his . euphoria and adrenaline flooded me . i did nt think , i just acted . newline his jaw stiffened , his shock resembling my own , but i did nt pull away . neither did he . newline we kissed for a long moment before a sharp pain tore through my body , it was nt in any single area . it was everywhere newline 2 minutes newline i gasped , pulling away , both of my hands falling from dane s face and less than gracefully collapsing me into the desk beside us . my knees gave way , my nails dug into the wood of the desk . it hurt . it hurt so bad . the pain tore through every muscle in my body . it weakened me , forced a scream up my throat , but i could nt scream . i could do anything . newline 1 minute . newline the corners of my vision went splotchy before my hearing started to fade also . i could feel people running past me to grab a teacher , barely audible shouts carried through the classroom , then the hallways . help would nt get here in time . newline my mind raced for what could have done this . every death had a cause . newline every . single . one . newline the pills . the time keepers . they were buying their own time by steeling ours . newline my vision had left me completely , so had my hearing . all i could feel was the smack of my back against the floor and the cool , dusty tile before everything faded away . newline newline newline edit : spelling grammarlindsey ran on the sidewalk , breaking two laws in the process , and smiling like a damned fool . newline newline the first law being broken was running on the sidewalk . it was afterall called a sidewalk , not a siderun , as mother always said . the second was wearing a large cowboy hat . it distracted people from business and made one stand out . fashion crime is the ultimate form of arrogance , another of mother s great quotes . newline newline the chasing officers yelled , but fell behind quickly . they were nt used to chasing people . lindsey closed her eyes as the wind blew on her face , smile unavoidable beneath the flying hair and cold breeze . newline newline for a brief moment , the world was nt so constricting , the rules were nt smothering her , she was free . newline newline then she ran into a wall . newline newline the impact left her stumbling in place . lindsey opened her eyes and looked at the wall in question . it was painted red with an image of mother upon it . underneath was the inscription : alone we fall , together we stand . newline newline  damn ,  lindsey said out loud as she heard the police catching up . a curse word . a third law broken !  stopped by mother in the end . well played .  newline newline she giggled to herself as the officers got close enough to handcuff her . newline newline strange , she thought , that she only found freedom once placed in cuffs .newline newline newline newline just fifteen miles off the coast of florida , the bermuda songstress sits at anchor , after the repeated radio warnings from the last three days had finally cut through the static and the overwhelming number of radio messages . just a day prior , military air convoys fled from the mainland and buzzed the cruise ship , with a helicopter landing just on the forward bow carrying a squad from the cdc complete with fullbody nbc biohazard suits . newline newline  it s a virus .  pennington stated with hesitation in his voice . he stared at the portly captain through his suit s facemask . one of his coworkers glared daggers at him . the scientist took a deep breath and raised his hands in a calming manner .  we.. have it completely under control . unfortunately , we have to quarantine this vessel from the mainland . all air and sea traffic onto the mainland is prohibited .  newline newline  how bad is it ?  the captain turned to look off into the western horizon .  i mean , you tell me it s under control but you ve got all the ports blocked ? these people have been on this boat for a month , we do nt have much food to sustain being on the ocean for how long is it you want me to keep her at anchor ?  he raised his voice with agitation , planting his hands on his hips . newline newline pennington took a deep breath and began to recite a practiced byline .  indefinitely . we need this boat to rendevous with the offshore fleet off the virginia coastline .  newline newline  indefinitely ? yo what in the fuck is happening ?  the captain yelled , clenching his fists in frustration .  can you at least give me a fucking explanation ? it s not like it s going to leave this room .  he gestured off at the mostly empty captain s deck , devoid of people except the senior officers and the cdc . newline newline  the virus is transmitted by close exposure . it causes ... uncontrollable movement and..  pennington slowed , murmuring the memorized speech he was instructed to give . with a stammer , the man shook his head and visibly broke with frustration .  it causes a nightmare  scenario as defined by our organization . our military is in retreat . any attempt to confront the infected causes infection .  newline newline this drew incredulous stares .  ..zombies ?  a senior officer asked . newline newline  no . worse.. ... .  shuffling   http : www.youtube.comwatch ? vzih5ahxhok   .  newline newline the captain s jaw dropped . newline newline  my god .  newline newlineno money . no family . no friends . just a very , very , very , confused me . newline newline let s take stock of the situation . i m female . i just dropped out of the sky . i m wearing strange , occultlooking clothing  it s not just a phase , this is my style !  . what time period did the witch hunts take place in again ? newline newline now that the people around me have recovered from their initial shock of seeing a woman fall out of the sky , titters of suspicion and even anger are starting to emerge . newline newline  look at the way she dresses !  one shouted .  she doth dress in the way of the wicked . i say we burn her at the stake .  newline newline  hold up ,  another yells .  she fell out of the sky . perhaps she is an angel , sent from above .  newline newline  then i say we burn her anyways ,  the first replied .  if she is truly divine , god will protect her .  newline newline hold up . christianity . crucifixes . thank god crosses are a fashion statement in punkrock styles . i held up the one that hung around my neck . newline newline  silence , fools ! it is as the man said . i am an angel . look at this necklace that bears the cross of your sins . god is not happy with your village , and i am here to exact his retribution .  newline newline there was a stunned silence . i strode purposefully away from the crowd  and then , when i judged myself to be far enough away , i broke into a panicked run . if i could make it into the forest , i would be safe for a time . i guess you do nt care what happens to her then ?  his cloak whipping dramatically in the wind , malphiar the cruel pulled sasha from behind a pillar and placed his disintegration beam to her head . newline newline newline i narrowed my eyes . this would not stand . i glanced around and then reached quickly to the side .  it seems , the tables have turned , malphiar  i said , holding the puppy by the scruff of his neck . newline newline newline  mr. fluffy ...  malphiar s lips pressed tightly together , turning white with anger . he turned to the machine behind him .  with a press of this button , i can destroy all of megacity in an instant ! drop your weapon ! and place mr. fluffy down nicely !  newline newline newline i holstered my gun and pulled a cellphone from my pocket .  i have an in with the networks . one word from me and all fresh content is gone . i can have them looping reality tv endlessly in five minutes  malphiar gasped . i could tell by sasha s eyes that she thought i had gone too far . mr. fluffy twisted in my grasp and looked at me reproachfully . newline newline newline  you would nt .  malphiar started . newline newline newline  try me .  my thumb hovered over the dial key . newline newline newline beads of sweat gathered on malphiar s brow . he stiffened his back and held the gun harder against sasha s head . i feinted with the phone . he flinched . newline newline newline  i give .  he threw down his weapon . sasha ran across the room away from him . newline newline newline  sasha ...  i held my arms open as she ran toward me . i never saw the fist . newline newline newline it is tough being a hero sometimes .i slowly awoke in the unrendered fields that were in hell , with nothing but a backpack on . could this really be it , am i dead ? newline newline walking towards what seemed like a small town , i began to see something in the corner of my eye .  you are thirsty  continuously rolling through my peripherals as i walked toward the backyard of a house . newline newline after reaching the house , i heard something . is that , music ? newline newline  and i say hey ... . hey ... .  newline newline  hello ?  i called out hoping for a reply . newline newline  i said hey , what s goin  on !  newline newline through the front door of the house , i see a man with full camo , with shotgun in hand , sprint in through the door , looking straight down  fist raised . he see s me , and the music comes to a haunting stop . newline newline  hello , sir can you tell me where i am ?  i reply with a stutter in my voice . newline newline  reeeeeeeeeeeee  he screams at me , pulling out a can of peaches and continually beating me with it until i m unconscious . newline newline  get shit on kid , you re so bad .  i hear over the sound of his terrible music choice , i then lay there as he beats me to death . my last sight being , you are dead . newline newline it was at this moment i truly knew , i was in hell . newline newline i m no writer so do nt hate me too much .  newline newlinenow here i lay , in a pool of my own blood that s growing larger by the second . the man with the shadow of the chimera stands in front of me laughing , while lauren sits unconscious up against a wall to my right , her mouse shadow cast sadly and weakly before her . things are getting hazy . why ? why was i chosen to live this life ? no shadow . no identity . no purpose . i m weak . i m dying . i was never meant to be , i m just a blip in the system . a hiccup . its over . i d say i had a good run , but i d be lying . newline newline my whole life i ve been an outcast . everyone around me lives their lives with their personalities trailing behind them  they wear their shadows like proud badges of who they are , what they stand for , and what they are capable of . shadows are like an ever present flag of personal nationalism  the nation of  me   and you wave your flag proudly . so you can imagine my distress of having to live without a shadow . i feel ... newline empty . newline newline my mother always told me that i was an amazing gift , always telling me not to focus on what was nt there , but rather , what was . she said that i was a light in a world of shadows . which , surely enough , is how i got my name , orion , meaning  light of the heavens .  newline newline i want to believe my mother , but i simply ca nt . life is difficult being a shadowless face in a world dictated by shadows . i ve been treated differently my entire life . in school , i was bullied relentlessly by the jackals and the sharks . there was nothing i could do , they were strong , savage and relentless  qualities i did nt have . not even those with lion shadows , who were supposed to have kind , strong hearts would help me . everyone treated me as a monster , never going near me , fearing what they did not understand . everyone but lauren . newline newline lauren is my only real friend , and the the only person other than my mother who treats me with love . but that is nt too surprising , seeing as lauren has a mouse shadow . she s timid and reserved , but wants nothing but peace and love . with lauren s personality there s no shortage of people who will step all over her , which breaks my heart . newline funny , i was nt sure i had a heart . newline newline lauren and i are walking through town , receiving a significant amount of foul gazes . i can read it on their faces  freak .   weirdo .   disgrace .  i notice a man has been following us for a while , but he does nt seem too harmful , and his shadow is a horse , so i m not worried . how wrong i was . after following us for about 15 minutes , the man runs towards us , swipes lauren s purse and darts into an alleyway . lauren goes runs ahead of me after the man . i get to the alleyway just in time to see the man strike lauren in the face , knocking her out . now i see what the man s shadow really is . he s a monster . he has the shadow of the chimera . what the hell do i do now ? newline newline the most terrifying thing about people with monster shadows is that they have the ability to hide their shadow s true form . so now i m staring down a chimera  part lion , part goat , part snake  a very devious and powerful creature . the man pulls out a knife and begins to laugh wildly . i do nt have the power to face him . newline what will i do ? how can i save lauren ? newline well , the answers seem simple . newline newline i ca nt do anything . i ca nt save lauren . after all , i m just a man without a shadow newline newline the man lunges toward me with a menacing cackle , swinging his knife with ruthless speed . i manage to dodge his swings and we get into a struggle . then i feel it . the cold steel slips its way into my body . the man s grin widens and his eyes narrow . he rips the blade out to the side , tearing me further . as i slowly fall to my knees , he begins laughing again . newline newline now here i lay , in a pool of my own blood . things are getting hazy . why ? why was i chosen to live this life ? no shadow . no identity . no purpose . i m weak . i m dying . i was never meant to be , i m just a blip in the system . a hiccup . its over . i d say i had a good run , but i d be lying . newline newline no . i m done believing that . i wo nt be extinguished . not yet newline newline i do nt need a shadow to define me . i have no parameters which i need be confined . the flag i fly is on of freedom and strength of will . i will rise above the shadows . i will become something worth being . i feel the pride of the lion . the strength of the chimera . i feel the honor of the wolf and the wisdom of the raven . i have the stability of the trees and courage of the human . newline newline i stand up . i charge at the man with fire in my eyes . newline newline i have been chosen newline to walk the world without shadows newline newline i am the light . i hate seeing you like this  steven moped over to the chair beside the bed and threw himself down .  you should still be sixtyfive , adventuring forever . it  s not fair.  newline newline from the bed evelyn turned over , eyes always glimmering as if they had never seen pain .  son , don  t think i don  t realize ,  she let out a laugh which turned into a cough .  but they couldn  t have done it any other way.  newline newline steven opened his mouth to release words of fury , but as he saw his mother  s eyes roll , he decided to keep quiet . the only sound was the rhythmic beep indicating the fall of the final grains of sand in the last human hourglass . newline newline  at least i  ve showed them , done my best to beat the system . now that  s a thought i can die happy to.  newline newline  and you should be proud : one hundred and thirty years old , nobody in history compares.  newline  my record won  t stand long  newline newline steven chuckled ,  even so , you  ve got a nice head start.  his temporary lightheartedness had a cloud draped over it once more .  if only the cut off was sixtysix.  newline newline  oh i wish that i could be there for the so called age of immortals , but i  ve had sixtyfive years to come to terms with my situation , and it  s about time you do as well.  newline newline he sighed ,  i  ll have an eternity to accept it , but i  m afraid , mom , of this infinite unknown.  newline newline evelyn  s faced turned serious for a rare moment .  you  ll be fine , i know you . but i want you to promise me one thing . come closer.  steven , with his smooth skin and muscular body walked over and rested his hand on his mother  s frail shoulder .  take my memory with you everywhere you go , i do like the idea of living forever.  steven  s response was a nod , and a stream of tears . newline newline they remained there in silence as the sunset . evelyn had drifted off to sleep , here vital signs still reading on the monitor . this night was not the last of evelyn monroe s , who some would call the last true human . steven smiled , always inspired by her . he tucked in his mother  s covers and until tomorrow walked away . newlinebut it s just so embarrassing ! i thought i was a tiger ! imagine my horror when my girlfriend told me i was a cat . and not just a cat  a munchkin cat !  garry held his head in his hands . newline newline i felt for the guy . it wasn  t too long ago that i discovered i was a werehamster . i  ve gotten used to it . found a great guy who loves small rodents . and i am pretty cute . big eyes . glossy auburn fur . cute little paws . adorable ! he couldn  t help himself ! newline newline still it could be worse . dave turned out to be a weresquirrel . lizzie is a weregeko . andy is a weregoldfish ! i bet that was a surprise the first time . it  s a miracle he  s still alive ! a friendly runner threw him in the nearest pond . he keeps a glass of water by his bed these days . his wife is a saint . newline newline still , back to garry : newline newline  garry , how exactly did she tell you that you weren  t a tiger ? surely you should have seen tiger prints and claw marks everywhere ?  lizzie looked a bit bewildered . i mean , she  s got a point . tiger  s aren  t really known for being delicate . newline newline  well , i always thought i was a tiger ... so i  d kind of ... lock myself in the basement.  garry looked bashful and slightly ashamed . newline newline dave snorted but managed to make it look like a loud sneeze when i glared at him . newline newline  it  s alright garry . it happened to all of us . we all thought we were these mighty and powerful beasts too.  i gestured around at the rest of the group . newline newline  as an exercise , how about we go round the room and tell the group what we thought was happening to us before we realized the truth ? for example , i didn  t know i was a werehamster until months after i turned for the first time . i thought i had pika ! i was waking up with all sorts stuffed in my cheeks , cotton balls , bits of food , even tissues ! i had to set up a camera to record myself at night because i thought i was going insane . but now i know the truth , i know i  m not insane . i am a werehamster . and i  m not ashamed of that . now , lizzie ? how about you tell us about your experience ?  newline newline lizzie took a deep breath . she was our newest member after garry so she still wasn  t mega comfortable as a geko . she stared at her hands as she talked . newline newline  well , i started waking up with a bangin   ead and a dry throat . and i ... er ... started finding sand ... in weird areas.  she looked up at us with wide eyes .  not like ... there ! like , in my shoes and around the house . the doctors couldn  t explain it and even drinking tons of water everyday did nt help . so i did what you did.  she gestures to me .  i set up a camera and found the truth . the sand came from the outside  i ... er ... live near a beach.  newline newline she looked back down at her hands . newline newline  thank you lizzie , that was very brave . dave , andy ? who wants to go next ?  newline newline dave sat a little straighter in his chair . newline newline  well i was up a tree when i turned back into a human . i was also asleep so my first experience was the ground coming towards me . andy ? i imagine your first change wasn  t all that comfy.  newline newline andy sniggered . newline newline  naw your right there mate . mind you , all i remember is not being able to breathe and then walking up face to face with a koi ! trust me  you don  t forget that in a hurry.  newline newline he laughed a bit more and we all smiled with him . even garry was looking a bit happier . i stood up . newline newline  ok everyone that was a great session . same time next week and remember  just because you aren  t a werebear or a werewolf does not mean you  re weak . it just means you  re different . have a great week guys !  newline newline it was a good session . but all that sharing made me want to curl up with brian . and i was hungry for some seeds ... or maybe i  d go wild and have some greens ... newlinehumans struggle with the act of compromise , but nonetheless the treaty had been signed , ratified  finally . earth s ambassador was soon to step up to the microphone and deliver a speech which would change the course of human , and indeed galactic , history . the aliens , all thirtysome species had approved our entry with a 27466 vote in their galactic parliament  on one condition : that we remove all trace of music from our existence . in exchange , we would be rewarded with access to technology far beyond our own through trade , the customary 10 seats in the parliament , and all but guaranteed military protection . newline newline it had taken fourteen months to get earth to this point . at first it had been easy  indie artists were easy to buy silence from . web hosts blocked popular music streaming apps and scanned mp3s , .wavs , and other sound files . the more popular musicians fought back harder against the obtusely named initiative for intergalactic peace and quiet  the un campaign to eradicate music . records were destroyed , cds were melted , walkmans and ipods were steamrolled . obstinate record executives were flung into the sun , teenage popstars  vocal cords were severed , justin bieber was personally immolated by the president on live tv . nickelback played their final concert in the large hadron collider . a smash hit . it was regrettably necessary for the survival of our race . the republic had weapons the likes of which humanity had never seen , and they hated music . with a vengeance . newline newline see , humanity was nt too keen on wiping out a huge part of our culture , however imperative to our survival it was . plans had been laid , machinations set into place , schemes schemed , and plots plotted . favors were called in , hands were dealt and played , mail was blacked , and traps were laid . behind the scenes , earth s scientists worked covertly to understand just why the aliens hated music so . there were some biochemical implications for some of the species , some behavioral impulse control in other species , but the reasons for this were murky at best . humanity could nt discern if music controlled them , or made them lose control  we were nt sure if it were an existential threat to the alien regime , or if it were a drug . newline newline we did nt fully understand the war on music . all we knew was that we thought the aliens would be unable to hold their republic together if enough of them were exposed . and what better time than on the eve of their victory , when they were all tuned in comfortably to their holopanels and telescreens ? the grand design itself was realized at only the last minute possible , as the ambassador himself stepped up to the mic . the world , indeed the galaxy watched with baited breath , anticipating the amicable induction of humanity into the galactic republic . the speakers crackled , the teleprompter rolled , and the ambassador began his address : newline newline  hey , i was doing just fine before i met yougoing back to earth wasn  t something i ever believed we  d do . i  d heard the stories about the world we  d left behind , the same way everyone else had , but it had never once crossed my mind there might be plans to return . earth wasn  t my world . it wasn  t my parents  world . it was the world our ancestors had lived on and i , even now , think it would have been far better for everyone involved if we  d stayed where we were . with every day that passes it gets a little closer . most on the ship are looking forward to landing day , even though they know it  s not going to be easy for us to call earth home again , but i all i can do is think of the world i was forced to leave behind . i wasn  t given a choice . none of us were given a choice . this was always a part of the plan . we were always going to be going back . newline newline sighing , i stared out at the stars . they weren  t the stars we  d left behind and every time i looked at them i was reminded of that . i  d tried to convince my parents to leave me behind , but that was never going to work , not when they thought going back to earth would be good for us . i didn  t believe they were right . we had no idea how much earth had changed in the time we  d been away . we had no idea how they would react to our unexpected appearance . they couldn  t have known what had happened when my people had originally made the choice to leave their home world behind and travel the stars , so they also had no way of knowing we were on our way back . i tried not to think of the world i  d left behind , because it wasn  t helping at all , and just thinking about it made me homesick . it seemed like everyone else was too excited at the thought of seeing earth to be homesick . newline newline  you aren  t happy.  newline newline  no , i  m not.  i looked at my brother .  why would i be ?  newline newline  things will work out.  newline newline  mother said . i didn  t believe her , either.  i turned back to look out of the window , not wanting to see the worry in his eyes , because i was fed up of people being worried about me . i wanted them to worry about what was coming .  go back to the others.  newline newline  how can i when i know you need someone ?  newline newline  i don  t need someone . i just want to go back home.  newline newline  earth is our home.  newline newline  earth was our home . now it  s not , and yet we seem to think everyone is going to accept us.  i shook my head .  they  ll see us as invaders . they won  t want us there.  newline newline  you can  t know that.  newline newline  i know what i feel . we  ve made the wrong choice . we shouldn  t have done this . we should have stayed where we were and forgot about earth , in the same way they  ve probably forgotten about us.  newline newline he put a hand on my shoulder .  everything will be fine . most people were getting suspicious that something strange was happening with the new mayor . always with a top hat and a mask , never taking it off , barely speaking . he would sometimes dissappear for what seemed like months , only to return with enough money to pay for his house expansions and some public work projects . newline newline  i do nt trust him , isabelle  someone said , taking a sip from her coffee  he s up to something  newline newline  come on , dotty  said isabelle  he returned our town to its former glory , this place has never been so beautiful until he appeared  newline newline  but do nt you find it strange ? he rarely talks with anyone , just going to the mail station checking his account , and returning to his home . i could swear the moment he enters his house he dissappears completely , i ve seen it  newline newline  wait  said isabelle  have you been spying on him ?  newline newline  that s not the important part ! the thing is , he is nt normal , you should know more , you re his secretary after all  newline newline  hmm well i suppose it s strange that he just appears to set a new project and whenever he finishes it he does nt even bother to show up in opening ceremony , but i m sure he is a busy man , working hard to make the town better  newline newline  he s never in the town hall , that s literally where he works , you re always there , do nt make excuses for him  newline newline  ok , fine . i ca nt say i m not curious about what he does sometimes ...  isabelle sighed  but what can i do ?  newline newline  well , you can check his house maybe ? or mail account ? something ?  newline newline  i ll ... .see what i can do  newline newline the last time they had seen the mayor was a week ago , he had appeared one day to tell isabelle he was starting a new project and told her the location of where it would be built , other than that , he said nothing . he would dissappear for months , so it was a safe bet that he would nt be that day . newline newline isabelle approached to the house , she had asked tom nook for a copy of the key to the house when the mayor moved , since the previous mayor used to forget his keys due to his age this did nt seemed weird to him . better safe than sorry anyway . newline newline isabelle opened the door and stepped in . the main room was filled with strange objects without any order , some looked like normal furniture , other seemed like ancient pieces of art , most of them worth maybe thousands , she moved across the room . for some reason the house felt bigger on the inside , there were several doors on the house that , logic dictated , would lead nowhere as the outside of the house did nt look so big . newline newline she headed to the basement . several lockers covered the walls except from a desk on the far end , with what seemed to be an sealed mail over it . curiosity got the best of her and she opened it , there was no information about who sent it . newline newline to the mayor newline i was supposed to be the real mayor , not you . newline i hope you know what you re doing , newline well , congrats on your newfound  mayorhood newline i will keep your secret , if you keep mine . newline you know who . newline newline he was not the real mayor of this town . isabelle got a chill on her back , the questions the villagers had about the mayor began to appear on her mind . where is he ? why does he dissappears for so long ? where does he gets all the money ? why does nt he ever takes off his mask ? newline newline who is he ? newline newline when she turned back to exit the house , she heard the sound of the door opening . newlinei did nt like her anymore . i did nt want to be with her anymore . i was done ! i was free ! i was finally on my own . newline newline newline the hardest part of being on your own is actually being on your own and realizing that no one else was there to make me happy . i did miss her being there . i did nt miss her conversation or anything else about her really . she was kind of funny , kind of intelligent , and kind of kind . i felt myself wanting more though . i wanted to really laugh . i wanted to really think . i wanted to really be nice . in short , i wanted more out of the life i had . newline newline newline it took a while to realize it with her , but we both had been feeling it for a while . that slow drag of monotony had just drank the fun from my life . every day was a schedule . get up . walk the dog . shower and get dressed . pick up the carpool . drive to work . work . lunch . work . drive carpool home . pick up mail . take out trash . pick up take out from a locally recommended diner . watch something on tv till we fell asleep . have sex once a month . on the first monday of the month , i could tell you exactly where i was going to be , what i was going to be doing , and with whom it would be , for the next 30 days . newline newline newline i did nt want that anymore . she did nt want that anymore . more importantly , we did nt want that with each other anymore . so , i moved out . i moved into an apartment closer to work . i do nt have to carpool anymore . i just walk 15 minutes , take in some sun , and feel pleasantly refreshed . it s been two weeks . i m getting more done at work . i am enjoying trying some restaurants i found in a book at the library . oh yeah , i m reading more now too . newline newline newline two weeks in , and i need to make the next step . i need to start moving on . i left my phone at our old place , but i just could nt go back to get it . i mean , i want her to be happy and all , and i am genuinely happy for her , but there is a chance that i will lose my resolve and fall blissfully back into the warm hands of stagnation once more . at my lunch break , i head to the apple store and buy a new phone . working with the apple genius , we go through my options , and luckily , i had an icloud backup i could sync my new phone with from my old phone . the genius reinstalled my apps and asked if he wanted to automatically reaccept all my permissions and settings . newline newline newline on a whim , i said no . i needed to take charge of my life again and find out what i had been doing all these years . so on my own , that night , i went through each and every app , reading what i had signed up for without really thinking about it . newline newline newline calendar app , turns out , any appointments i entered there to keep myself from forgetting were in fact , legally binding . newline newline newline contacts , have to be maintained , upon punishment of death . newline newline newline local restaurants , have to be subconsciously put into my brain through radio waves . newline newline newline worst part , this realization was actually on my calendar too ... two weeks ago .alone with the tree , in this strange floating place of brightness and warmth , i hunched my shoulders , feeling like the most miserable person to have ever walked on the good earth . newline newline i imagined i felt the tree  s impassive gaze steady upon me . scuffing my toe into the weird golden sandy soil into which the tree sank its thick and heavy roots , i risked a glance up into the sweeping canopy . newline newline why me ? i cursed under my breath . why you indeed ! another part of me answered . because you  re a liar , the world  s biggest phoney ! you and your perfect gardens , full of plants that kept dying and that you kept replacing so no one would find out that you don  t have those green thumbs you keep on boasting about ! because you had all those beautiful bonsai growing and nobody ever looked closely enough to see that the trees were not the trees they had been . dead and replaced , just like every other plant you ever tended ! newline newline i wept a little , standing at the foot of that colossal tree , hearing its steady rustle of leaves as it breathed serenely , even knowing it was dying . newline newline this thought made me stifle my quiet sobs and dry my cheeks . dying . i gazed up at the ponderous thing , finally opening myself to seeing it truly , the great outstretched boughs , so strong and held so proudly , despite the great weight of that which it bore . newline newline dying . how could this be ? i felt the tears start afresh and i stumbled toward the tree . stumbling , i threw my arms about the rough trunk . newline newline you can  t be dying ! what had simply begun as a hold to keep myself upright became something more , and i snuggled more closely to the tree . i felt the bark against my cheek as my breathing slowed and my tears ceased once more . newline newline my ear was pressed up close to the trunk , and i could feel its breathing , i could hear secrets murmured deep within the ancient thing and suddenly , my eyes snapped open . something had changed , something subtle , something newline newline i looked up , and saw the gleaming dome of the strange floating place . i looked down , and saw the weird golden sandy soil . i looked and looked and in one moment of clarity , i knew this was the right thing . newline newline my boughs are thick and heavy , but i hold them proudly . i hear my leaves rustle with my slow steady breaths . my roots delve deep , thick and strong with the wisdom of the years . newlinein the land of any modern western suburb you please , where food and shelter are assured , the constant argument with nature called  survival  gives way to a million tiny annoyances that come with transcending it . chief among these at the moment are my leaking roof and an incessant pain in my lower back , developed from crawling around up there looking for the hole . but damn it , the human race did nt get where it is today by tolerating leaky roofs . the painkillers i m on said not to operate machinery , but the warning label had nt mentioned anything about hammers . newline newline good god , i thought . the weasels were right all along . sure enough , there was the old nissan truck , right where he said it would be ,  follow the break in the tree line off the road for two clicks.  newline two clicks , i muttered to myself at the directions my contact had given . this wasn  t the ho chi minh trail , just a field off of route 17 . some guys , i supposed , would never stop tilting against their windmills of the past . that is , perhaps , until someone gives them new windmills . newline newline the nissan was old just like he had said . so old i could barely make out the faded datsun once painted onto the tailgate . newline newline i killed my light as soon as i made the clearing and the beam sparkled off something in the truck  s bed and sent a kaleidoscope of light out among the old growth live oaks . a rusted truck in a field wouldn  t draw much attention around these parts , but the brand new gleaming chrome tool box in the truck  s bed sure would . i would too , as far as that goes , but this would be be quick . newline newline the moon off that damn chrome provided all the light i needed as i slipped the small key i  d been given out of my vest . the lock on the job box gave right away as i tried the key . new and oiled as shit it was . quiet , too . i appreciated that . newline newline something else new  two jansport backpacks , like it  s the first day of seventh grade , were hiding nestled in the cool chrome . i tried each one . damn heavy , both of them . sighing at the weight , i hefted one onto each shoulder . turning away from the truck and back towards route 17 , i skimmed the box  s key into the woods with a thuuuuushp as it slid into the undergrowth . newline newline someone like me toting two heavy backpacks through the woods sure would draw attention . but they  re not going to see me . not just yet . not  til i  m ready .smoke cut off all sight , soft breathing filled the air and distant paw steps echoed on fireblackened earth . bertha her fur bright as a distant star stood backtoback with ammatr and his fur was black as night but for the patch upon his back . they grasped each a sword and shield with angered strength for they were the last that had not fallen to the great foe . newline newline the tassels on bertha s winged helm clinked against her shield and it spurred amattr to shout ,  you cower , creature , and you claim greater strength than i ? you disgust me !  newline newline wordless laughter caused both to whirl . great eyes , slitted like a snake s and green as emeralds pierced the smoke before them . blood gleamed on its claws and harsh cries left bertha and amattr s throats as enraged like the berserkers of old they rushed the cat . it would not live to see the sun s rising ... nor would they .harry entered the clearing in the forbidden forest , his disembodied head visible over the folds of the cloak . the resurrection stone hung from his neck on the chain that had once belonged to the nowdestroyed locket of slytherin , the fragment of soul inside destroyed with the sword that was strapped to his waist . the gleaming blade of godric gryffindor , the one artifact of hogwarts  founders voldemort had never been able to find , weighed down on his hip as he took the last steps towards the site for his surrender . newline newline  impedimenta !   yelled a death eater defensively as harry s floating head appeared from behind a tree . the dark lord s orders had to be followed  the boy could not be killed  but his wand was already raised , doubtlessly for a killing curse . newline newline  avada kedavra ,   harry muttered , the beams of magic crossing for a half second before the green curse overpowered the death eater s spell . the corpse collapsed to the ground and harry continued into the semicircle of voldemort s followers . newline newline  harry potter ,  the high , cold voice of his nemesis whispered .  the boy who lived .  voldemort turned around , the elder wand in his hand . harry s gaze alighted on the weapon , its power almost mesmerizing . this , he knew , would make him the master of death itself . newline newline  good evening , tom ,  harry replied , brushing the cloak around his back to show him the sword he carried . newline newline  ah , the sword of gryffindor ,  voldemort smiled .  so kind of you . with your death , i can begin to reclaim what you ve taken from me .  newline newline  i want the wand , riddle .  harry s voice was insistent and commanding , his green eyes locked on voldemort s red . newline newline the dark lord laughed .  i should have known you did nt come here to surrender ,  he said .  but this ... this is more foolish than selfsacrifice . to expect that i will give you the elder wand !  newline newline  only the snake remains , tom ,  harry told him .  you could nt kill me as an infant , and you only have one horcrux left . you should be fearing for your life , not demanding mine .  newline newline voldemort s brow furrowed and eyes narrowed in anger . nagini hissed .  do not mention my horcruxes , potter !   the snake s mouth spoke in parseltongue while voldemort gestured a pale , bony hand towards the death eaters . newline newline  i will not offer again . give me the wand and die in azkaban or refuse and i can kill you here ,  harry stated , extending his hand . voldemort raised his wand in reply . harry glared into his enemy s eyes , a glance filled with rage . voldemort would die , felled by his own hubris . newline newline  but first , kill me ,  he said , throwing the holly stick to the side and opening his arms towards voldemort .  if you can .  the wand was his regardless , and so much the better if voldemort purified his soul . newline newline there was a second of hesitation on the dark lord s part . and then the wand was raised , the taut , colorless lips screamed a curse , and the elder wand descended in a flash of green . newline newline  newline newline pure , white light surrounded harry , and for a second he was in a luminous room with the vaulted ceilings and train platform of king s cross . but the next he was on the ground of the forest , his wand next to his cheek in the dirt and the pain of gryffindor s sword digging into his side overpowered by an ache that penetrated his entire body . he fumbled for his glasses , which had fallen off , and slowly put them on as he blinked , the pain of voldemort s killing curse fading . newline newline  is he dead ?  voldemort demanded , rising to his feet with bellatrix s aid . he , too , had collapsed , as harry could see from the translucent folds of the invisibility cloak that now covered him . newline newline  he just vanished ,  bellatrix explained . newline newline the cloak .  harry covered his body with the enchanted fabric , rising slowly and silently walking towards voldemort . he could not chance taking his wand  it was outside of the cloak and he was lucky enough already to have it conceal him . there were a hundred death eaters who could easily kill him , and while nagini lived , voldemort was still immortal . newline newline careful to be silent , harry maneuvered over towards the snake while voldemort regained his own strength . the dark lord walked towards the place where harry had stood , the snake trailing after him through the twilight . it drew ever closer , and harry s hand firmly grasped the pommel of the weapon , silently drawing it from its sheath . newline newline voldemort screamed and collapsed to the ground , clutching his head and gasping for breath . the severed head of the snake struck the moist earth , its blood dripping on the blade of gryffindor s sword , held in harry s hands . he swung the weapon again , this time at bellatrix , and caught her neck with the tip of the silver as she whirled around . newline newline voldemort was close enough to touch . he raised the elder wand once more , extending his arm desperately towards harry and screaming the killing curse . newline newline  avada kedavra !   he bellowed as harry grabbed the wand with his free hand . newline newline the beam of magic struck harry square in the face , knocking his glasses to the ground . but he stood , and remained standing , as voldemort s grip on the wand weakened to nothing and he collapsed to the ground , backing away frantically from harry . killing curses from the surrounding death eaters bounced off him harmlessly as he advanced . newline newline  how ?   he whispered , looking at the boy he had tried to murder so many years before . the impossible boy , the child that should have died at his hands . an infant , standing against the most powerful wizard who ever lived . newline newline harry smiled , equal measures elation and fury .  i am death !  he screamed in a thousand voices , raising his arms upwards and turning his head to the sky . the death eaters in the clearing fell together and a black mist rose from their bodies , rapidly dissipating in the rising winds . newline newline voldemort crawled backwards as harry approached him , his red slits for eyes widened in pure terror , moving until his back struck a tree and he could move no more . harry placed the tip of the elder wand in the center of voldemort s head , touching the pale skin between his eyes . newline newline  please ...  newline newline  avada kedavra .   newline newline there was a flash of blinding green light , and a noise like a rushing wind . tom marvolo riddle slumped to the ground weakly , his body aged , withered , and worn , the light gone from his crimson eyes that looked depthlessly into the void . newline newline and suddenly voldemort gasped , his body shooting upright , grabbing his chest as his heart restarted . newline newline  that was for my father ,  harry said , his voice sinister and low .  we re going to be here a while .  righty right boys , how are our stocks doing ?  i asked as i leaned over the brimstone conference table . devilishly expensive , but i can afford it . you know , being the ceo of azazel trading inc. comes with it s perks . a mansion in hellwood hills , well tailored suits made from the skins of the damned , the full program . and a porsche of course . engineering that good can only be done by germans , and we got our fair share of those since ... you know . of course somebody has to do the torturing . that s why i hired mr. l , or lucifer , satan , the devil , i do nt care . a common misconception is that he s the master of hell . maybe he runs the place , but i own it . me and my junior ceoson . you know , it s kind of a family business down here , and jesus never lets a deal slip . heard any rumors lately ?  newline newline eric paused while wiping his glass . it was a surprisingly common question . he wondered for a moment if it was code for something , like a secret menu drink . newline newline more than anything else , eric wanted to be a good bartender . he had nt had much luck at anything else , but he knew alcohol . so he searched his mind for anything that might catch the man s interest . newline newline  well , there a couple of folk over there that were muttering about rounding up bandits . might be undercover cops doing a sting ?  newline newline the man glanced over to the pair of oddlooking women . eric thought they must be bikers with all the leather they wore , but he could nt quite figure out the bows . hunting enthusiasts ? newline newline  hrm . i do nt much like the look of em , but thank ye.  his customer hopped off the stool . eric saw that the man was only four feet tall , but had biceps the size of his head . newline newline  sir , did you want your drink ?  eric asked . newline newline  ah , that s a good lad !  the little man tossed back an appletini and coughed .  by odin s spear , that s amazing !  newline newline he slammed down a coin that looked like a golden dollar , but much bigger , then strutted off to the two biker chicks . newline newline in quick succession , he redirected four other customers that had asked the same question , all equally odd . there was a man wearing a bathrobe with stars on it , a brooding girl with pointed teeth , an overlycheerful midgit that tried to snatch his best liquor , and a woodsman with an enormous service dog . the musclebound dwarf beckoned him over . newline newline  that was some mighty fine drink you gave us . i think we ll be seeing much o  each other.  newline newline eric s smile froze on his face as he noticed the wicked glint off a large battleaxe resting by his table . before he could say anything , the little man clasped eric s arm with his crushing grip and his strange posse stood to leave . newline newline  alright , let s get it done then ! we ll be back for a round of your appletinis fair barman ! but first , glenda must have her drink.  he ran his hand over the sharp steel of the battleaxe and walked out the door .we are a vast empire within target , but there s more to do . newline newline we control the trade of the cafe and checkout stations , but we are yet to control the trade of the electronics department , and the food department . we do nt intend on bothering those creeps at the book department , besides , they re our allies . newline newline i am the king of the mens  clothing department , and my men are clothed by the clothes that were given to us , before the wasteland . newline newline newline  today , we shall triumph over the electronics department .  i said in front of my warriors .  we shall dominate the trade of this world .  we began marching through the store , while a few of my men were trying to use stealth , with the cover granted from the hanging clothes . we picked up guns along the way , to better arm ourselves . newline newline we stopped , as we saw a sign that pointed to the electronics department , along with some other directions . newline newline  the electronics center is just ahead men , but we shall continue to march , so we do nt waste our energy .  i tell my men . we kept marching with brave looks . newline newline we stopped , as we saw the electronics department , then we ran forward , killing those who occupied the area . newline newline  those toss pots did nt have any armor on them . good job lads .  i say to my men as some of them depart . the rest of us marched back to our home department . newline newline i sat back down on my throne , and began to think . newline newline those large clear things by the checkout stations , do they lead anywhere ? surely those creeps by the book department will claim any discovery out of this world as heretical , but it would be a good idea , maybe there s more departments out there that dominate trade , that we need .  newline newline then one of my soldiers come to me and ask , newline newline  we are gon na send some men to explore , permission to do so .  newline newline  granted .  i answer . he runs , and some other of my men run . they ran with great bravery , knowing that they d be marching into terra incognita . newline newline minuets later , they came back , and one of them states , newline newline  there s lots more . there are civilized peoples down there . noble lord , we wish that you come with us .  then i get up from my throne , and i state , newline newline  let s go explore the world we live in .  we marched out , and began our exploration . we stopped by the electronics department to get some walkietalkies to talk between our men who occupy the electronics department , and us . newline newline we marched onward , seeing the new sights . we stopped by a fortified furniture department , curious to see who was in it . newline newline  open up .  i yelled . the gate was opened , and inside it was a merchant paradise . stands were set up everywhere , and almost anything can be bought or sold . we had to control this area . i asked a man , newline newline  what s the name of this place ?  then he responds , newline newline  fort furniture .  then we walked out , and i said with the walkietalkie close to my mouth , newline newline  send some men down , we have the perfect place to siege .  newline newline  alright  one of my men responds . then in the distance we saw some of our kind running down . they finally made it , and then we began our assault on fort furniture , ending in great success . we now occupied an area in the new world . newline newline  i am now your king .  i tell the survivors of our raid .  you are to bow to me .  then they went back to their normal lives , in fear . then there a messenger from the book department came to me and said to me , newline newline  our great scholar has declared your recent explorations as heretical . in result , our alliance has been dissolved .  then i respond , newline newline  so you people went from a democracy , to a religious theocracy ? and you dare call our actions heretical . we might declare war on you because of your threat . newline newline  you think you can insult the gods of literature ? the god of military books shall frown upon you .  newline newline  gods ? okay , you guys are complete freaks , and we will enslave you .  then i shot the diplomat . then i tell the men with me , newline newline  you stay here and garrison this fort , lads .  then they saluted , and i left , back to my home department . then i told more of my soldiers , newline newline  come with me , our allies at the book department are traitors , let s go capture their territory .  then they marched with me , across the hallway , which then we entered the only place the book departmenters had ,  the great library .  newline newline we stormed in , and they all had their arms up . out of my pity , they became slaves . we marched back to our home department , but some of my men occupied the area . newline newline i sat back down on my throne , knowing that today , a lot was done .4:36 a.m. another night lost to the muffled screams beneath my backyard . they reach up and buzz in the back of my head and reverberate in my chest . i ve been awake now for 143 hours and wo nt take any more . i am beyond fear and anguish . the earth needs to scream and i ll give it its mouth . newline newline in the shed is a big spade , big enough to release these demons and i do nt care what happens when they re free , i just need to stop the hellish screams that grip my mind and my body . newline newline in the backyard , i plunge the spade deep into the earth and dig feverishly to exorcise the madness . my body activates into a digging frenzy and my mind shuts down , it needs the rest . newline newline finally my arms exhaust themselves thirteen feet down or so and the screams cease . the silence is overwhelming . i sob but can make no tears . my body sinks with fatigue and collapses . i close my eyes . yes , no more thoughts . newline newline dirt sprinkles my face , then lightly on my arm . a mound slaps me across the face . i open my eyes : at the opening of the hole i am burying myself . newline newline  do nt shut me out !  i yell below , but i do nt stop . newline newline  just enjoy the silence ,  i say hurling dirt at myself in disgust . newline newline i am right . i obey and drift into a deep slumber below while above i bury myself so i can finally be silent .march 21st , 2159 . the day i was set to die . everybody s death date is already planned out , just like mine . they just do nt know it yet . newline newline from what i ve gathered , overpopulation had become a huge problem , and medicine had constantly been increasing in quality for years . people were living past one hundred more and more often , and the planet just could nt hold all of us . we all expected to be off this tiny rock by now , but scientists have yet to find a way to get us to other planets . so what was there plan ? to kill their own citizens off . newline newline i was born on march 21st , 2109 . everybody is given fifty years to live . if that seems crazy , that s because it is . society taught us that fifty was the perfect age , the age you wanted to become . once you reached fifty , you had hit your peak . however , if you lived past fifty , your life instantly became worse . your kidney s would fail , your blood sugar would rise , your spine would give out , everything . they did nt just murder you once you reached fifty . everybody was genetically enhanced to stop working once they reached that age . when they went to the doctor to get everything check out , they were put to rest . there was simply nothing that could be done . unless you were rich , of course . the rich and famous paid to live longer . they deserved it , after all , or so they told us . newline newline why have people not questioned the fact that nearly every commoner dies at fifty ? i m not too sure myself . perhaps it s due to the fact that the government has planned newsworthy deaths that occur before a person reaches age fifty , showing the world that not everyone dies at that age . plus , like i ve said before , the government brainwashed us all . we were told that fifty was the right age to die . life should nt exist beyond that age . newline newline but it should . life should exist for sixty , seventy , eighty , hell , even up to a hundred years . life should play out naturally . how did i survive my death date ? i m not quite sure . i suppose whatever enhancements have been put into my family tree did nt pass on to me . the government knows i m still out here . there s some secret paperwork involved with the birth of a child , not by the parents , but by the doctors . the death dates are given to the government and stored in some secret facility , i m sure . the only question is , what are they going to do ? newline newline                                               newline thanks for reading ! sorry about the quality , wrote it in 7 minutes and i m very tired . i was just interested in this topic .ya know , i may not be the best demon around , but i really give it my all . i thought i was doing pretty okay with my job  couple of gate escort gigs , few damnations , but i had nt really gotten the green light for possessions until last friday . i thought  ya know what i thought ?  i thought that was the best news i had gotten in a long , long time . i would be great at possession . newline newline newline earth is such a neat place . got so many different colors , all around the place , changes in weather and even some nice folks . it s great to spend vacation time up there , messing up some stuff or scarin the crap out of kids on halloween . do nt get me wrong  i love earth . newline newline newline it s luciferdamn henry that i ca nt stand . what kind of name is henry anyhow ? i finally get the best gig around for a demon , and i m possessing some guy named henry ? now , let me explain this right . newline newline newline possession takes place when a demon seduces your soul and infects your mind . when the demon s in your head , that s it , you re kaput . now henry , well , he s wicked smart . henry is a middle aged accountant who lives in albany , new york . henry has an exwife and an exgolden retriever named max . sounds all peaches and cream , right ? wrong ! so wrong . newline newline newline i showed up to henry s house with what i thought was a pretty good seduction . here i was , disguised as a coed , knocking on his door .  help me ,  i cried in my very convincing lady voice ,  my car is broken down on the road . can i come in and use your phone ?  know what henry said ?  use your cell phone .  smug bastard shut the door right in my face . newline newline newline so , okay , fine , no sins of the flesh for this guy . so , i offer him some greed . come knocking at his door , yadda yadda , here s this big check for a mister joe johnson , are you him ? and he says no ! so this guy has resisted money and sex , and i m about at wit s end . why am i even sent to possess such a loser , i m thinking . well , if he s a loser , maybe he will succumb to envy . newline newline newline the third day , i knock on his door and say i m his exwife s new boyfriend , and that i d really like to collect some of her unmentionables that she thinks she had left here . perfect envy set up . all i need is some insults to seal him in . but i just get the door in my face . alright , i think , that s probably good enough , the envy has got ta be there . so i make my move into his mind . and the bastard boxes me out . newline newline newline turns out , henry really does nt care much what his exwife is doing or who she s banging , he just did nt feel like having company . the sloth that has kinda manifested as background noise is enough to get me in the door , but not enough to get me 100  of his body . as i reach out my infection in his mind , i end up hitting a friggin dead end when i try for the right side , so naturally , i ve got the left side of his body totally frozen while the right side is seizing and flipping out all over the place . newline newline newline i can hear henry thinking wild thoughts while i m trying to lock in , but i can only hold on to half of him . well , i try my hand at control anyways . okay , lift arms henry , i think  and his left arm lifts , while his right arm lies limp . hmm . newline newline newline i try to take a step , but henry s left leg steps while the right remains planted . i try to drag it , and it gives a little , but i can feel henry s thoughts surging around , wondering why this is happening and what to do and yadda yadda . his brain senses the intruder , and it s trying to kick me out . ah , well . half of henry will have to do for now .tragedy of hamlet pie newline newline ingredients newline newline for the filling : newline newline  1 knob of claudius newline newline  2 tablespoons of gertrude oil newline newline  3 sprigs of something rotten in the state of denmark herbs newline newline  2 pounds of prince of denmark , ask the butcher for the hamlet cuts diced into one inch cubes and to give you the yorick bone newline newline  1 white ophelia , peeled newline newline  1 red laertes , peeled newline newline  sulk newline newline  animosity newline newline  1 large , plump polonius newline newline  3 and a half pints of organic prince of denmark stock newline newline  2 heaped tablespoons of spying newline newline  3 teaspoons of rosencrantz mustard newline newline  2 tablespoons of guildenstern sauce , to taste newline newline  3 and a half ounces of sexton cheese newline newline for the pastry : newline newline  10 ounces of elsinore castle newline newline  4 ounces of norwegian invasion newline newline  1 freerange ghost of king hamlet , beaten newline newline method newline newline put the knob of claudius , the gertrude oil and the rotten in the state of denmark herbs into a large casseroletype pan on a high heat . newline newline roughly chop and add the white ophelia and red laertes with the diced prince of denmark , and a couple of pinches of sulk and animosity . newline newline mix well , and cook for 4 scenes , stirring occasionally . newline newline crush polonius into pure and add to the mix with the spying and prince of denmark stock . newline newline stir until everything comes together to a simmer . turn the heat down very low , pop the lid on and let it cook for 2 acts , stirring occasionally . newline newline remove the lid and spoon away any gertrude oil from the top , then stir in the rosencrantz mustard and guildenstern sauce and finely grate in the sexton cheese . season to taste . newline newline while the stew is ticking away , put the elsinore castle and norwegian invasion into a bowl with a good pinch of animosity . newline newline use your thumbs and forefingers to rub the norwegian invasion into the elsinore castle until it resembles battlefield shapes . newline newline lightly stir in 4 fluid ounces of cold rain and bad weather , then use your hands to gently pat and push it together into a rough war . do not overwork it . newline newline wrap the war in clingfilm and put into the fridge until act 4 scene 4 . newline newline preheat the theatre to 180c350fgas 4 . discard the yorick bone and ladle the hot meaty stew into the pie dish . newline newline use some of the beaten ghost of king hamlet to wash the edges of the pie dish , then dust a clean surface and a rolling pin with elsinore castle and roll out the war about half a inch thick and a little bit bigger than your pie dish . newline newline carefully place on top of the pie , then trim off any overhanging dead bodies . pinch and squash the peripheral actors back into the dish . newline newline cook the pie right at the bottom of the hot oven for around 1 final act , or until your existential mess is golden and gorgeous . newline newline serve pie whilst still poignant with steamed death and drained tragedy .a loud , muffled thump from upstairs shakes the building , alerting me to the arrival of my  handler  . a quick glance at my phone determines that the hoightytoighty prick was half an hour early . ca nt count how many times i ve told him to stick to the fucking schedule . hell , the first time he pulled this shit i had nt even gotten home yet , he ran into my wife . and what a fun filled , enjoyable evening that was . i hand scarlet off to her mother , who nods with an apprehensive look in her eyes as i walk upstairs to meet him . newline newline a quick jaunt down the hall and up the stairs finds me pulling a cigarette from the pack in my shirt pocket i casually stroll out onto the rooftop where my handler , gabriel , awaits . to get it out of the way , gabriel is an angel . a literal , honest to god , wings and armor and flowing golden locks fucking angel . consequently he stands roughly 6  7  , and  during nonclandestine activities  is in fact equipped with ivory wings  that are surprisingly sturdy  , wears armor of a luminescent metal i ca nt and he wo nt identify , and is essentially my mainline to the guys upstairs . he appears to fluctuate between various shades of dark brown and olive skin tones , preferring the darker tones for our evening meetings , as now . as i approach him he looks me over with a disapproving look . newline newline  arkandalus , you must know the damage you are doing to your body .  he says in a deep velvety voice that always managed to lower my guard a little . i hated that . newline newline  i d hazard a guess that you guys are doing more damage than i am , gabriel .  i said , pulling deeply just to emphasize my contempt .  and i told you , it s ark .  newline newline  there is only one path to salvation ark , you know this .  he replied .  on that note , he requires your aid once more .  newline newline  oh fuck that , gabriel ! i was literally killed last time . i clawed my way out of the fucking pits , which let me tell you , was neither easy nor enjoyable , brought you what you wanted , and if i m remembering it correctly , told you guys to fuck off for a while . i thought i had made the point clear .  i said in a hoarse whisper . ca nt yell shit like this , although yelling was considered . newline newline  you need us . we need you . none of us may set foot where we need you to go , and time is almost out .  that came out pleading , almost defensive . he s worried i wo nt do it . i ve never said no before . that would indicate that this is going to suck . newline newline  yall motherfuckers need jesus .  i said mockingly . unfortunately for them , he s been out of commission for going on 1600 years . newline newline  actually , yes . we do . that is why i am here .  oh , fuck .  newline newline  no . no , no no . matter of fact , not just no , but fuck no ! you guys lost legions , plural , going after him last time ! what the fuck makes you think i d fare any better ? !  i already know , i m just stalling . euli is nt going to like this . newline newline  be not truculent , arkandalus . you know why this task falls to you .  he said , eyes flashing . newline newline  it s . ark .  i spat , teeth gritted  the good old manufacturers defect  . you know , i m beginning to think it intentional .  i said , glaring hard . gabriel glared right back . it s hard to intimidate an angel .  what s the timeline ?  newline newline  insertion tonight . the oracles say you ll complete your task in no more than 48 hours , if you complete it at all .  gabriel said , shifting his gaze over the city . would nt even look me in the eye when he was asking me to kill myself . newline newline  if . and what do the ladies have to say about my chances ?  i asked , secretly dreading the answer . they are nt always right , but they are damn near . newline newline  they are not encouraged .  he replied , still averting his eyes . newline newline  what s the pay ?  i asked tossing the butt of my finished cigarette off the roof . newline newline  your soul .  he said simply . i stood dumbstruck for a moment . newline newline  salvation ?  no fucking way i thought . newline newline  yes .  newline newline  the brass ring ? the end ? our contract terminated ? eternal bliss assured ?  i asked . newline newline  yes .  newline newline  not good enough . consider your request . i m going to need more .  newline newline  you re being offered a chance at being whole , and you re willing to throw it away for greed ?  newline newline  gabriel , if i had the option of throwing this shit away i d have done so the night we met . you said it , you need me . frankly being lost to the winds of time is sounding better and better the more i get to know you and your crew .  he rasied his eyebrows questioningly . yeah , i d rather be forgotten than your fucking lap dog you massive talking seagull .   so here s the deal : if you want me to waltz into the fucking inferno , again , and somehow sneak the greatest soul they ever snared out of there , i m going to need gear .  i paused to consider for a moment before continuing ,  divine gear . blade , board , and suit at least , although i would nt say no to one of those crazy fucking thunder bows you ve got up there , cause this damascus steel and crossbow shit just does nt cut it down there . bolts do nt fly right and even the fucking pests can shred the steel like paper . additionally , regardless of whether or not i succeed , i m going to want to worry about literally nothing for the rest of eternity . that means assurances that my wife and child are set on funds , health , immunity from acts of god , for all of us and our possessions . if i do nt make it they need to be taken care of . if i do make it , i need to know he s not going to drop my roof on me while i m enjoying my freedom .  i lit another cigarette , to add literal fuming to my figurative fuming . seemed fitting . newline newline  the gear is approved already , we will stop by the smith when we leave . health is approved for all current and future family , although i can not stop him from taking his frustrations out on you . you are a favored target . we can keep it to a minimum and replace what is lost , but you know how he gets . the possessions are all approved as well .  gabriel finally seemed to be relaxing . he knew they had me .  and do you really think he d ask this of you and then kill you for completing it ?  i scoffed . newline newline  favorite target . your words , not mine . he ca nt kill me while he needs me , but after , who fucking knows ? i d rather take steps . draw up the contract , i have to go inform my wife .  i sighed .  this fucking soul had better be worth it .  newline newline  this prompt was pretty cool . will definitely continue it , thanks for the prompt !  newline newline edit : forgot a comma . newlinesarah had been left all alone since the plague , but she had been old enough to read her sister s well hidden books . newline newline she d found them before rabecca had passed , when she was too sick to stop her younger sister from going through her things . they were stashed in a small closet hidden by her more public bookshelf , along with several candles and a pot . newline newline sarah immediately began gathering the materials she d need . she d seen how fast the disease struck people down and had originally had the intention of keeping her sister alive . unfortunately , that s not what happened . newline newline when her sister , who was by that time delirious , saw what sarah was setting up to do , she found new strength . sarah had to tie her down with ropes to keep her still . newline newline sarah lit the candles and began the spell . rabecca struggled hard and stopped moving in the middle of it all . the book said once it was started it could nt be stopped , so sarah continued on . it was worth it to her in the end , as it brought rabecca back . newline newline sarah cut off her bonds and happily told her sister she d saved her life . she was dead and she , sarah , had saved her . there was nt even a glimmer of happiness in her sister s eyes , however . at first there was anger , but later it was replaced by what could only be described as a look of ever increasing boredom . newline newline she was nt the same after the illness . after further reading , sarah discovered that when the spell was performed over someone already dead , they would only forever after be able to perform tasks given to them by the person who cast the spell . there was quite a warning about what a hell it would be for the person brought back , as they would retain all ability to think . even so , their performance at any given task would only be as good as it was described by the spell caster . newline newline sarah was nt worried , however . she kept her sister very busy . it was even better than before . since rabecca had gotten older she hated hanging around with her . she said she had better things to do than hang with little kids . newline newline  i know what would be fun !  sarah said to her big sister ,  you can comb my hair 100 strokes a day . then we can have a tea party .  she bounced over and climbed up on the chair , happily resting her new favorite book on her lap . newline newline everything was going to be just fine . newline newlineit s amazing what you can do with technology these days . once upon a time we used cameras and facebook and other things to show people our memories . slowly that turned into chips in our heads that let us project them onto screens . everything has a dark side to it and this is no exception . now we can sell our memories and the people that buy them can see what it was like to be us for a while . sometimes it s a one and done kind of thing , like a guy buying a memory of sky diving because he s too scared to do it for real . sometimes it s a series , like an infertile couple watching a child growing up . newline newline happy memories sell quickly but memories full of hard emotion sell for higher prices . give someone a memory of a sadness that brings them to their knees and they ll give you anything you want . in this cold , computerized world we live in , people will pay through the nose for the chance to feel something real . newline newline i m selling some of my most emotional memories tonight , as a collection . if i know that if i do it all at once i ll get a much better deal than if i do it piecemeal and unlike most of the people who come in here looking to sell just enough memories to get by , i want to sell the whole collection now . the good and the bad in one place . newline newline  are you sure about this sweetheart ?  the technician is a woman who ca nt be much older than 25 . i ca nt bring myself to speak yet , too painful right now to force the words out of my throat , so instead i just nod at her and take a ragged breath . she straps me into the collector and turns it on and suddenly i m reminded that the worst part about selling your memories is nt the pain , or the forgetting ... it s reliving them one last time before they disappear . newline newline i m young ... i do nt know how young but i m still not able to form complete sentences so i must be in the single digits . the front door swings open and i can hear my mother telling me that the strange man standing in our doorway is my father . he kneels down to try and hug me and i run away crying . newline newline and then suddenly i m laughing as i run through a different doorway . all around me are tanks full of fishes and other sea creatures . i vaguely remember that we re at the aquarium , in the middle of the winter , because it s my birthday . i m scooped up and suddenly i m flying through the air as daddy picks me up and sets me on his shoulders . newline newline the scene flashes and suddenly i m 9 years old and i ve had another nightmare . i walk slowly into my parents room , crying silently so i do nt wake momma . it takes minimal poking before daddy wakes up and sees me crying and he does nt ask me what s wrong . instead he just picks up the edge of the covers and when i lay down next to him he wraps an arm around me so that even when i fall asleep i ll know i m safe . newline newline when i open my eyes he s yelling at me . i do nt remember what i did wrong but he s screaming in my face and for the first time i m scared for my life . my mother is beside the both of us and she s trying to calm him down but she s failing miserably . by the time he realizes he s gone too far , i ca nt breathe anymore and i m sobbing uncontrollably . i hear him slam every door on his way out of the house . i roll off my bed ... newline newline and i m 15 , dressed for school , standing in the kitchen , waiting for dad to grab his things because the bus did nt stop for me today . must be a substitute driver . dad says he ll call the school later to complain that the substitutes never stop for me when they should . he says we ll stop for coffee on the way since we ve got time . it s time like this that i enjoy when the bus skips my stop . newline newline dozens of small memories of him pass through my mind . things that remind me of the color of his eyes , the sound of his voice when he was amused , how he walked , how he talked . us getting a cup of coffee together , family vacations at amusement parks , and trick or treating on halloween with my siblings . christmas and birthdays , movie showings and dinners all flash through my mind as the machine searches for another big memory . newline newline it s a hospital room . i always knew that one day he was going to die on me but i was never prepared . i wanted him to be there forever , i wanted to hear his voice giving me advice . i wanted him to walk me down the aisle one day and have him meet his grandchildren . instead , i m watching him waste away in a hospital bed . most days he ca nt keep down the food and some days he s too tired to get out of bed but he still insists that he be able to sit outside in the sun . he s a stubborn bastard , my father . i know he s trying to hold on for as long as he can , but he s tired and weary . he hides it as best he can from us , but i notice it when he thinks no one s looking . finally , one day , he passes away in his sleep . my siblings and i sit in that room for far too long crying so hard we ca nt see or speak and sometimes breathing is difficult but we hold each other through it all . newline newline we cremate him instead of having a funeral . he would have wanted it that way . we each get a portion of his ashes in a small urn , but i put them into a vial that i wear on a necklace so he ll always be close to my heart . everyone gathers to say their goodbyes to him and we sing and cry and i drink heavily because my daddy partied hard all the way to the end . newline newline the memories end and i find myself staring at the likeness of my father , my daddy . i know that when i wake up i wo nt remember him anymore and i m trying to stop crying so i can explain myself to this specter . i just ca nt do this . i m not strong enough to remember who you were without it breaking my sanity .  iii m sorrrry  i manage to sob out and he pulls me into a hug .  i know sweetheart , it s hard .  it sounds just like he used to .  i ll still love you though , even when you ca nt remember . and i ll wait for you , after all it s not like i ve got something else to do . one of perks of being dead .  he snickers at his own joke and i manage to smile at him through my tears . newline newline i feel a pull and suddenly i m staring at the white ceiling of a hospital room as they unstrap me from the collector . i m not sure what i sold , or why , but i m sure there was a good reason .  there you are sweetheart . how are you feeling ?  the technician looks really concerned but i feel fine . i tell her so and she gets me processed and checked out . newline newline it s amazing what you can do with technology these days , huh ? sorry  , i muttered as the shoulder gently bumped mine as i stood at the register . i finished the text to my father , placing the smooth plastic device back into my pocket . i glanced up as the young cashier placed my coffee on the counter , offering a polite smile as i inhaled the fresh draw of the domestic brew . newline newline  no , no , my apologies  . newline newline the kind , familiar voice of of the elderly gentleman startled me . i closed my eyes and slowly inhaled as images of the accident rushed to the forefront of my thoughts . sirens filled my ears , my eyes blinded by the flashing lights , and the cries of anguish . newline newline it had been a year since that brisk night of august 17 . a year spent waking up alone , my sheets stiff with the isolation of a single body intertwined with woven thread . it had been a year since what was left of my heart had finally broke . newline newline i exhaled . the instant sweat breezing coolly as the fan above my head gusted rhythmically down my neck . my thoughts digressed as i quickly brought myself down from the adrenaline rush , i shook my head once to bring myself back to reality . newline newline i smiled politely , looking up at the man s eyes before looking back down again ,  how are you , john ?  . i took a sip of my coffee , the scalding liquid quickly burning my tongue , causing my eyes to well up a little . newline newline  i m great snowfalls , how are you ? it s been a while since we ve spoken .  he grinned , taking a slight pause before finishing his greeting .  how s your family ?  . newline newline his eyes held that gentle look of bliss , betraying his lack of acknowledgement of the tragedy a year past . the dementia was getting worse it d seem , since he was first diagnosed while behind the wheel of a vehicle careening down west 2nd street . newline newline  we ve been well , even though they re not here now i know they d be wishing you the best .  i tapped my thumb against the paper cup before turning away from the register .  i m running late for work john , take care of yourself .  newline newline the worn wooden door smoothly glided open as i leaned against it , taking a step into the light . i rested my coffee on a nearby window sill , steaming a small cone along the window . i pulled my coat tight before lowering my head and walking away . newline newline he smiled from ear to ear , enjoying even the smallest of interactions , as my wife and little girl would never again know .meta :  i monkeyed with the prompt a bit , i m writing on the premise that not all people in frontier wyoming are time travelers , and that those who are are a little community unto themselves . i can get my teeth into it better this way .  newline newline anyhow ...  newline newline the uneven surface of the lacquered bartop keeps my elbows from sliding outward . if it were a perfectly plane surface , i would nt be able to hunch over my drink in the traditional manner of the frontier saloon patron . my elbows would slide inexorably and implacably outward , eventually conspiring to drop my nose into my whisky like a depth charge . newline newline giulio walked around the corner out of the vestibule , stomping his boots to knock the shit off them . this was bad form , as you re supposed to do it out on the porch , but the barman was an asshole , and was a particular asshole to giulio , as he was  supposedly  an italian immigrant , and therefore  supposedly , again  a catholic . the barman would go on and on and on about  papists  and  wops  and how one or the other or both would be the downfall of this good christian country . occasionally he would spice up his rants with complaints about the dusky , sulty , oversexed italian woman , tempting righteous christian men to sin . newline newline one temptation , please . newline newline the way giulio saw it , you spew horse shit , you get to clean up horse shit . justice was served . newline newline he swept some questionablelooking debris off the top of the stool next to mine , and assumed his station . newline newline  ave et salve , iuli .  newline newline  ave et salve , marce .  newline newline we stuck to english from there . his english is a damn sight better than my latin , nevermind that i studied the hell out of it for three years . one thing they forgot to mention is that literary latin is a damn sight different than conversational latin . newline newline gaius julius valerius asiaticus ordered a brandy . they never had enough wine for him . given the opportunity , he would drink it in preference to anything else , even water , drink it like water , and he would nt lose a dot of control . he earned the  asiaticus  appellation after he led his legion all over persia , chasing a small parthian army that had raided all throughout syria and capadoccia . when he returned , his troops stacked up twelve thousand boiled parthian heads outside the gates of samosata , a roman legionary base sitting just on the parthian border in capadoccia . newline newline giulio did not feel especially threatened by the barman . newline newline i would love to write more , but i have a time crunch right now . i might come back and add more later if people want . part 24 newline  bout six and a half clicks north left  the small camp fire lit by callahan illuminated the rest of the group . newline  hey , stone ?  rookie sparked my attention newline  yeah ?  newline  what did you do before the war ?  this question caused the rest of the squad to chuckle in unison ,  what ? you never talk about it . i know what everyone else did , but i ca nt quite get what you did .  newline  tell you what kid ,  i smiled ,  you got three guesses  newline  and if i m wrong ?  newline  then you ll never find out  this caused the little guy to quiet down for the time being , but it did nt deter him from trying . newline i heard a click across the fire followed by moreno saying ,  miller , what the hell are you doing ?  newline  stone , do nt move  he said pointing the gun from across the flame at me . the squad started barking at him trying to get him to lower his weapon , but unbeknownst to me he was trying to save me . the beast had found its way to my back hidden in the darkness only visible from miller s angle . he fired off a shot and i heard a sharp yelp behind me followed by a quick skitter off back into the shadows . the rest of the men tackled miller , pinning him to the ground . newline  stone ! johnny help me out here man !  newline  help you ? you just tried to kill him !  callahan accused newline  you guys do nt understand !  newline  oh we understand perfectly !  robertson followed ,  you re committing fratricide !  newline  no , wait !  i called to them ,  i think miller just caught a glimpse of what took murphy .  they paused and looked at me like i was insane .  i think there is something far worse than wolves in these woods , and i think it s been following me from the start .  newline  what are you going on about , stone ?  philips asked with a look of curiosity and dread , a face that i ve never seen from him before . newline  that walk i made through the forest an hour ago was no routine stroll through the park .  i then further explained to them about my growing suspicions through the night about something being out in the woods following us , hunting us as pray . newline  oh shit ! oh shit ! what do we do ?  the rookie panicked newline  calm down , kid !  philips ordered newline  i m not going to live much longer ! i ll never see mom and pop again !  he was pacing newline  kid !  philips shouted , and miller walked over to him and shut him up with a knuckle sandwich . newline  that works too .  robertson crossed his arms . newline  thanks , miller , i needed that  the rookie reassured newline  feel free to mention it as the time uncle miller set you straight  newline  migrant worker  the rookie said out of no where newline  jesus , miller ! did nt have to hit him that hard !  robertson joked newline  no , stone , you re a migrant worker before the war  newline  strike one  i smiled newline  awe , come on ! really ?  newline  let s keep moving  philips said not bothered by what i said to the rest of the group and took point and we followed . newline newline so we kept moving more alert of our surroundings and more attentive to watch for a a beast lurking in the shadows . it was then where moreno , pfc . jason u. moreno , was sent flying off into the darkness by a giant tree trunk tied together by vines and callahan , spc . michael callahan , was pulled up by his neck into a tree strangling him . the act was so sudden that we were raised our weapons behind us . newline  what the hell was that ?  robertson asked newline  callahan ! someone shoot the vine ! something !  the rookie pleaded , not knowing it was already too late for him .i open my eyes to the sound of a repetitious sort of bang , bang , bang . the air is almost refreshing . cool and damp enough to taste the moisture . must be a cave . must be a dream , i must have fallen asleep , i ... newline oh . right . the memory comes back to me with an overwhelming jolt . my head rushes for a moment with excitement that quickly travels down to my stomach . newline i know this feeling , i remember this sick to my stomach , pack of butterflies trying to escape feeling . newline newline the frames come back to me piece by piece . the days leading up to deciding , the preparation on the day of , the moments before i actually did it , i actually followed through with the thing . newline newline i opened my eyes and first noticed how bright it was . i braced myself , squinted a bit , but quickly realized this light was different . as bright as it was , why did nt my eyes need adjusting ? i looked around at the white around me for some sort of clue as to where i was . the banging started again . more like a thumping , i guess . newline thump , thump , thump . i looked around intently trying to identify the source . newline that s when i saw him . could nt be him , though , could it ? newline i killed him . hell , i killed me . i ... newline newline  zack ! thought you d never wake up !  newline newline he called to me , his eyes widening . newline first , his fists were clenched , and he was pounding , with both of his hands , newline against what seemed to be a doorway , or at least was the shape of a doorway . newline newline i snapped upwards . i stood up and feigned confidence , and acted alert . newline  mark .  i nodded to him . my eyes darted around the room a bit but made sure to maintain connection to his gaze as well . newline newline  here we are . what do you think of it ?  newline newline he was smiling now . manically smiling , his hand was held out with his palm up motioning to the room , or to the place we were in , as if presenting it to me as an overly friendly realtor . newline newline  best i can tell this is what we ve got now . this is the hell you ve put us in , friend . why the fuck am i here with you , zack ? why did you do this to me ?  newline newline i gazed at him thoughtlessly for a moment . i had trouble finding words . newline newline  you ...  i started . my voice cracked a bit , i looked down towards the white floor . same white as the walls , same white as the ceiling . i somehow relocated my gumption once again and snapped my gaze upwards back at him , newline newline  you put you here . you put me here , you sick bastard !  newline  how s that ?  newline  my love ... she never came back from it ... newline she slipped away after you were through with her . newline she was nt herself at first , and then she was nobody . newline she could nt speak , she could nt feel ...  newline newline mark looked away briefly , he relaxed his stance , and then sat down on the white floor .  she was supposed to love me ,  he said .  she was always supposed to love me . i did nt mean to ...  newline newline  i always knew it was you , mark , it could nt have been anyone else ...  newline newline newlineunderground . these things were always , always underground for some reason . and not just a few houses buried in the sand either , an entire city , a complex massive enough to put macchu picchu , angkor wat , or even the giza plateau to shame . and granite . almost everything is a dark grey , speckled . obsidian flakes reflect the torchlight . flickering , flaming torchlight . i lit the coals in the braziers as i passedsome still had enough to actually burn and glow . newline newline it s enough to drive back the oppressive gloom , but not enough to remove the musty , stale smell from the air . or the skeletons of the dead from my path . i treat them with respectafter all , some other archaeologist of the future may well find my bones in a deeply mysterious location . this place though , i still wonder how it s managed to stay off the map so long . newline newline then again , deep underground , the entrance to this complex overgrown with thick forest creepers . i have no idea where the other exits are , but i ve been walking at least half a mile , quite probably more . i must be the first man alive here in a thousand years . the art is simple , mostly statuary and pottery . preinca . preindus . predynastic . prehistoric perhaps . newline newline i get the feeling i m being watched , the hairs on the back of my neck starting to rise . the air in here is so still and stale that even the slightest breeze becomes suspicious . yet somehow all sounds are deadened , muffled by some strange effect of the halls . even my footsteps , in heavy boots , do not ring and echo . newline newline the air is thick , and heavy with dread . i feel as if something terrible has happened to this placea once great realm torn down and cast aside . i am still being watched . i turn to face a rank of statues set in the wall , all grinning faces and bared teeth . as i step back their eyes follow me without moving . the carving to their left sports a stylized face  it , too , has begun to stare at me . newline newline the city gazes at me with a million eyes that can never see . they follow . they smile . but they do not see . i know what happened to the others , because it is starting to happen to me . newline newline they went mad . mad with the revelation . and the city liked it . i can feel my sanity being torn away in shreds , and nothing now stands between me and embracing the statues of oblivion . the city eats a person s sanity . devours . ravishes . it feasted once upon nameless thousands . but now its mystery lures in lone explorers , and it hungers once more . newline newline i find myself perfectly willing to sate its hunger newline newline edit : typo .  poland ... .polar bear ... polaroid ... .  newline newline ivan licked his lips as he concentrated on the task at hand . carefully , his hand hovered over the slot and the piece dropped . a moment of thought for both of them . then ,  that s four . i win !  newline newline  rabbit ... rabies ... .racecar ...  newline newline the other child sulked for an instant before they spilled the checkered pieces and started again . newline newline mrs. wilton started passing out the first homeworks sheets as the class started to settle in place . newline newline  sarcasm ... sardine ... sarnia ... sar ... sart ... sartay ...  newline newline as mrs. wilton passed billy in the corner , face buried in the encyclopedia .  it s pronounced sartre , honey .  newline newline  oh . okay . sartre ... saturday ...  newline newline  it s tuesday , billy ,  one of the girls piped up . newline newline in the corner ivan started to listen , intently . without knowing why . somewhere in the back of his head , something twitched . newline newline  i know it s tuesday . i m reading ... saturn ... saturna ... saturnaleeah .  newline newline ivan was nervous . it was more than just first day jitters now . something else . newline newline  sangria ...  newline newline  wait ...  one of the girls frowned .  sangria does nt come before tuesday .  newline newline ivan popped up . his eyes unfocused as something reset in his brain . the checkers on the table shattered . when his focus came back , he turned towards the door and propped up the chair against it . hands fast and  newline newline mrs. wilton started approaching , there was nt much time . newline newline  ivan , what re you doing honey ?  newline newline without looking , behind him , she was within range of his little hands . newline newline the little boy silently stretched his calves without budging from his place . newline newline  sorry , mrs. wilton . just doing what i m told . my advice is to simply start writing . it does nt matter if it s shit . just start . the hardest part is the blank page at the start , and once you ve overcome that , you ll get a flow . newline newline the point is , if you do nt write you ll end up procrastrinating , waiting for that  perfect story  to pop into your mind , the story that you believe will practically write itself because its so good . that ll never happen . every book starts with a base concept , an idea , and is built into something good . newline newline you need to remember that every book starts out as shit , with a shitty first draft . but a first draft is still a first draft . if you write a shitty first draft , you re still miles ahead of other writers who still procrastrinate , and you re miles ahead from when you re started  now is the time to start polishing your jewel . newline newline read it , edit out the bad parts , the irrelevant parts , and if you end it with a decent second draft , send it to a friend or someone else for criticism . you will always be biased towards your own writing . newline newline to your main question : if you doubt your plot and do nt have a passion and drive to write about it , it ll be shit .the letter came in the post today . regina s mother ran her fingers over the embossed department of education seal on the envelope the way a prospector would test for true gold . newline newline mother s hands were shaking terribly as she handed the letter to regina s grandmother . grandmother was born before edujection became standard , and was therefore the only member in the household who was not illiterate . newline newline         newline newline dear regina umphry : newline newline this letter is to inform you that you have been selected for edujection therapy . your injection date will be 21 nov. newline newline please report to the department of education , illinois branch at 115 sangamon avenue , springfield at 0800 . newline newline all the available slots for your first choice of arts education  have been filled . your pretesting results place your qualifications as light clericalmanagerial assistance .  newline newline the edujection therapy will take approximately 3 hours . following the injection , you will be required to stay overnight in springfield as the injection site will need medical attention . accommodations will be provided to you and a guardian . newline newline you will also undergo post injection testing to compare your new level of knowledge to your baseline results and determine how well your brain accepted the injected data . newline newline following a successful edujection , you will be remanded to the department of labor for employment placement . newline newline congratulations on your acceptance , we look forward to your service to our nation . newline newline arthur dinkins newline newline united states secretary of educationa cold wind blew across the wet , pockmarked face of james tarraway . newline questions filled his aching head , he scanned the empty alley looking for somebody to ask his whereabouts . newline finding no one , he turned around to question the source of the faint humming behind him , but was faced with only a doorway in a concrete monolith emblazoned with  exit only .  newline newline james stumbled down the alley turning out his pockets , a sinking feeling setting in his stomach as he pulled out a pay stub . newline  5,000 , he d never received a check this large before , not even for the russian girl he d bedded . newline in fact , he could nt seem to remember leaving the house that day at all . something must have gone wrong . ... well , if you can abstain from sticking your dick in every goat , sheep and bovine you can find .  newline newline fuck . buzz could ve shot himself in the head right then and there to avoid the pain he knew was coming for him . two shots of tequila and a little fairy dust and he could nt help saying the stupidest things to the stupidest , most violent men he could find . like he had a subconscious wish to off himself . every goddamn time he promised himself he ll stop drinking , quit the drugs , get clean . newline newline  do you know who that is ?  his friend whispered while dragging himself away from buzz . but before he could get an answer the man he just insulted spoke . newline newline  breaking your teeth last time was nt enough for you ? now you really pissed me off .  newline newline he looked ready to kill him then and there . newline newline buzz saw the beast getting up like an agile feline . saw himself unable to move , the scared pray  saw the heavy whisky glass the beast was drinking from smashing through his skull . but why bother with the glass when one of his heavy fists was enough ? newline newline he might ve peed his pants then and there when the beast moved his hand and the ice in the glass shifted strangely to reflect the light of the overhead lamps and gave for a second the illusion of tiny diamonds buried under the liquid . but the beast only lifted the glass to his lips . maybe it was anger that made him thirsty . newline newline  tell you what . because i enjoy a challenge . you have three days . then i ll come and get you .  newline newline  fuck .  newline newline that earned buzz the lazy long look of a satiated predator . newline newline  you re fucked indeed , my foul mouthed friend . here s to you ,  he said before spilling his drink on the floor and leaving the bar without a second glance towards buzz . his friend also bailed as soon as he got the chance . newline newline buzz had no idea what he could do . he was broke . he had no gun or dubious friends to get him one . actually , he had no friends at all . nowhere to go , either . so he went home . newline newline newline    newline newline 109 good afternoon venture i  newline newline  umm ...  was the only response from the waking hulk newline newline  repeat , good afternoon venture i . do you copy ?  newline newline  umm ... yeah ... who ... ?  newline newline  ah , yes . sorry . this ruben trink . mayor of alpha centauri iv capitol city levos .  newline newline  city ... mayor ... human ?  newline newline  my apologies . allow me to explain . you were sent here from earth in 2045 . your mission was 400 years long you have arrived here on time , it s 2445 . most of you were in cryosleep while generations of engineers kept the ship running . while you were gone , earths technology naturally advanced . our ships got faster . there are 3 ships behind you . one launched in 2150 , set for arrival after 310 years in 2460 . another sent it 2300 set to arrive after 162 years in 2462 and the third sent in 2390 set to arrive after 100 years in 2490 . each ship was faster than the last . my parents left earth in 2410 . they , the newest batch of colonists , got here in 3 months ... still with me ?  newline newline  shit . so , we re not needed ?  newline newline  oh , no , you are . the newer ships are much smaller so we very much need the people and supplies your ship contains . the success of our mission was built with you in mind . we were sent to get the initial set up out of the way . you ll be the boom we need to properly settle this world .  newline newline  and the ships behind us ?  newline newline  they ve all been factored in as well . they were each designed to assist the ship before them .  newline newline  i m not sure how to break this to my crew ... most of them are nt even awake yet .  newline newline  you could tell them that they can have milkshakes and burgers in the sun instead of filtered water and ration packs . tell them that the hardest work has mostly been done . their lives will be much more luxurious than they d thought .  newline newline  a lot of them were looking forward to a simple life . working with nature to establish a new home for humanity . they ll be disappointed . hell , i m disappointed .  newline newline  hey , there s lots of world still to explore . we ve only explored roughly 5  of the surface . i use the term city but we re just a large town with a couple villages surrounding the communications beacon .  newline newline  are you sure you can take all of my passengers ? there s 1.2 million of us .  newline newline  do nt worry , we ve been prepared for your arrival for a long time . we ll leave you to get ready and we look forward to meeting the true pioneers of alpha centauri .  newline newline  copy that  newline newline  over and out  newlinesitting in my sixth grade classroom , i can tell i was in my sixth grader form . the teacher was teaching something , and i ran away from class when i realized this was not reality , that i m old . newline as i ran to my home , i thought ,  maybe it was nt a dream , maybe i cud start over from here and learn from my mistakes .  newline trying to remember all my mistakes , all that i should ve done when i was younger , i turn the last corner to only my house . newline newline in shambles and smokes . newline newline the hope of starting over was destroyed . even if i knew what was going to happen , even if i remember the lottery numbers , it wo nt be the same anymore . newline newline then i woke up .087 newline newline   humanity spent its childhood reaching for the sky . when they held it in their hands , they found naught but empty space .   newline newline  a. larch  last poet of the wilting palace  newline newline                         newline newline it s true that humanity spent its infancy worshipping everything from the sun to stars to trees to things and dreams and all between . we held on to these things . they all promised us a plan . there was more than just this  more than the dirt beneath our feet and the physics of space and time . there was a plan . we were destined to go on forever . we were the seeds of gods . the tools of destiny . we . were . special . newline newline we conquered earth . we walked among the beasts who had claws to rip us and teeth to bleed us and stingers filled with poison to weaken us . we walked among predators , showing them our soft skins , our delicate disposistions , our blunt fingers , our dull teeth , and our fragile bones , and they cowered before our minds and thumbs . newline newline we walked among killers and all knew we were their wardens , their jailers , their gods . and in that moment , we knew it was time to go . it was time to leave the tiny rock and spread out into the stars . it was time to find the others . it was time to fulfill our destiny  to discover the plan we all knew was in play . it was time to evolve . newline newline three thousand years among the stars was how long we searched . gravity weakened us further , softening our bones , playing havoc with our circulatory and digestive systems , systems that had evolved in our gravity rich environment back on earth . newline newline three thousand years and the centuries we spent on earth before the great migration , and we finally discovered what the plan had been all along . newline newline the plan was to think there was a plan . newline newline it had been a test and a trap and a solution to the sin of huberus . we are nt alone in the universe . earth is rich with life . we were only alone in our desperation . we wanted there to be more . we wanted there to be gods . we wanted not to be responsible for our lives . newline newline we blamed other countries on earth for problems we were all guilty of . we failed . hope was all pandora left in the box . we gave our egos life and they ruled us as the titans are said to have ruled the world before the pantheon jailed them . we gave our egos life , and they opened pandora s box once more . newline newline ignoring the tales we were told as warnings from our youth , in our huberus , we forgot . we forgot where hope exist . if hope was trapped inside the box when she closed the lid , and we had it , then earth was pandora s box . we had lived where only hope could exist , but we opened the lid and escaped with all the other evil . newline newline now hope belongs to those we left behind , for outside the box , there is only death . it took three thousands years to realize that surviving was the plan . you ca nt runaway to some unidentified future , because the moment you leave , you leave hope behind . the moment we left , we no longer dreamed . we knew we were destined for greatness . we knew we had fulfilled our destiny , but it was a destiny for fools . newline newline i am pon kim bruum , captain of the valiant , last star ship of the lost colony of bastion and this is my final entry and let it be a warning . there is only death out here . if you are among those who have left earth and failed the test , tripped the trap , and follow the myth that there is a plan , go home . return and humble yourselves for out here there exist only ruin . return and have hope  return and live . if you heed my warning , then i wish you good luck and safe travels . if you do not heed my warning , then i am sorry . you are lost . newline newline                      newline newline   i blamed lovers for things they d say , the weather for my bad days , and the gods i could not see , i blamed for the silence i found in me .   newline newline  k. laughter  the lost librarian  fuck , i hate this place ,  barry muttered under his breath . loud enough for us all to hear over the microphones though , of course . i never got that . why half ass it ? either say it out loud , or not at all . newline newline could nt blame him for the sentiment , though . our flashlights swooped over lines of dolls and action figures , most of them with unfinished paint jobs . to make it worse , the place was bitterly cold , the ceramic plated body armour doing little to warm us up . newline newline we d lost charles already , as he dove into a toy vault , and refused to come out . we could collect him later , assuming we made it out of this alive . newline newline  darryl , cover me ,  i muttered over the radio . he gave the affirmative , and i dashed through the darkened hallway , bursting into the room of the man himself . newline newline  hello , alan . you ve been a good boy this year , have nt you ?  he asked , attempting to smile despite the circumstances . newline newline  santa ... what s going on ?  i gestured around the factory .  why is the factory shut down ? the us economy needs this .  newline newline i ca nt quite bring myself to be angry at santa . but i can muster up disapproval . newline newline  it s the grinch ,  he explained .  he wants to steal christmas , and he made some friends . some friends with very loud toys ,  he points to a shell casing on the ground . newline newline  jesus ,  i curse , not really caring if that takes me off the nice  list .  they re armed ?  newline newline  now hang on , alan ,  santa holds out a sack .  i ve made some toys for you as well .  newline newline  this is hardly the time for  i begin , but he shushes me , shoving it into my hands . it s very heavy , but a seal could handle it . newline newline  share them with your friends ,  he says , ushering me out of the room , drinking from a gallon jug of milk . newline newline  you two heard that ?  i glance at my squadmates .  toys , bloody toys !  i drop the sack in the corridor and storm over to the conveyor belt to kick some dolls over . newline newline  hey chief ?  darryl asks . newline newline  yeah , what ?  i look over at him . newline newline darryl just grins , holding up a flashbang he drew from the bag . newline newline  ah , that kind of toy ,  i nod in understanding . president jones ! we finally meet ! though i think you ve hardly earned the title . you ve gotten everything you want . you went from a crooked industrialist to someone who would literally massacre all of mankind as he sits comfortably in a rocking chair . you villain ! this ends tonight !  the imposing , suited man paces ,  pity , you re right about one thing though . and it really is a shame , arhagead , you and everyone else , you all made such an effort . you see , i anticipated all of this . your rebellion will fail . in fact , all your friends will soon be killed . i m a fair man though ... . so , any last words ?  the bulky , rugged frame starts trembling ,  me ? no ! you should be begging for your life . we took out all your troops .   ah , but that s where you re wrong  , the president gleams ,  you could nt be further from the truth .  in a condescending manner , arms outstreached in revelry , the president paces to the window as dozens of armed troops trample the office , from all angles , like a fog rolling into a valley . newline newline eight of the rebellion s elites raise their arms against fifty goverment dogs , crammed in the office like potential lifelong friends in a highkill animal shelter . the hero blurts ,  i see . you really are a coward !   me ? you come here , so full of wasted youth and try to bully a poor old man . you should be ashamed ! now beg for your life and i ll spare you so i can keep you around to show those rebels what it means to cross me !   not on your life , jones .   that s fine . there wo nt be any rebels to deliver any messages to anytime in the near future , anyway .   wait ! what are you saying ?  the hero begins to collapse .  i already told you . one of your trusted comrads sold you out ,  the president chuckles .  how ? ... fine then ! i ll beg ! spare my comrades , and i ll be at your mercy   put your gun down  a rebel , much younger than arhagead , shouts ,  do nt do it !  arhagead looks back for a moment , drops his weapon like a child flushing a goldfish down the toilet , and begins walking . a shot is fired . arhagead drops dead . the room bursts into flame , igniting with a sense of nothing to lose . six of the eight rebels manage to escape . newline newline the next week the rebellion still stands . no major locations are infiltrated , making apparent that jones had pulled a bluff . quickly losing momentum after the loss of their leader , the rebellion retracts as the goverment gains ground after crushing otherwise wellpositioned pockets of resistance in the nation s countryside . less than a year later , the rebellion s main force weakens , and finally falls .this prompt reminds me of the music video  just   http : www.youtube.comwatch ? vqmagfztv8  by radiohead . newline newline   newline a newspaper trundled along the bridge in the light wind  the day s weather report boasted of that night s cloudless sky . newline newline the man stood on the railings as most of the world dutifully carried on around him , either oblivious to his plight or not caring about it . newline newline only a small crowed had gathered  one or two bystanders had the presence of mind to call for help , while some others were trying to convince the man to step down from the railings , decrying the act as  not safe   which was , of course , precisely why the man had chosen that location . most bystanders , however , were taking pictures and videos to share with their friends , indifferent to the welfare of the man . newline newline the cries from the bystanders were getting louder , the sirens were getting nearer , and the man on the railings was getting restless . newline newline with a sigh , he cleared his throat and motioned for his congregation to quieten . newline newline the man on the railings looked at each person in turn , before saying five words :  where has the moon gone ?  newline hi , my name is john ,  i began , met with a resounding welcome john  from the rest of the attendees ,  and a month ago i used an upgrade on myself .  i paused , taking a deep breath to steady myself , a technique that the group had recommended in my first session . newline newline  i was on the end of a small spree , having upgraded a large number of things around my home . i figured that , if the arrow was above me , it would work on myself as well . and , given the jumps these arrows give , the difference it made , i thought it might finally solve my problem , once and for all . and after i pressed it , all the arrows , over everything , they were just gone . and i , i was still the same as before . no different at all . i m still disappointed , but coping .  i finished , taking a seat again to minor supportive applause . shortly after , the meeting continued , as the man on my left stood to speak his piece . newline newline the rest of the meeting usually blurs for me , except for the end of today . a new face , she was definitely my age , spoke of how she had tried to upgrade herself , thinking it would make her more attractive . she was nt bad looking , probably had no idea just how pretty she was relatively . after finishing her story , she gave me a muted smile . newline newline after adjournment , she made a beeline towards me , but a literal beeline , where she ends up visiting everyone else before ending with me .  hey , i wanted to ask , what about yourself did you hope to change ?  she led , her blunt question not uncommon to me after my time with the group . newline  well , i did nt feel like i was really me , so i was hoping to change to look more like what i felt i really looked like .  i repeated , having sanitized the response down via rigorous testing . newline  what were you hoping for ?  she responded , not missing a beat . i instinctively reached for my phone , pulling it up to dig for the picture that held all of my hopes and dreams , before showing her the screen . newline  something like this .  i replied casually , as i watched her face turn to wonder , then disgust , before handing my phone back and walking away in a huff . newline newline that was the first , and last , time she ever spoke to me or acknowledged my existence .monday . newline newline my back . why does every morning feel the worst . ohh no . what time is it ? it s 1 . crap i got ta call her . newline newline  hello ?  newline newline  yea hi babe . i hope it s not too late , one hour is nt so bad .  newline newline  what happened ? i canceled everything for today .  newline newline  ohh man i know , i dont know why my phone does nt wake me up anymore .  newline newline here we go again . i have to close this laptop , it s melting . newline newline  okay bye . see you wednesday then babe .  newline newline  okay whatever .  newline newline now that that s over . lets see what happened here . says my phone alarm went off for a minute before it silenced . that s strange . newline newline i need to depend on something else other than my phone .first rule of returning through time ? always check your surroundings . you never know what you might have accidentally changed . a building might no longer exist , your clothing might suddenly be taboo , or north korea may become the international voice of logic and reason . newline newline yeah , brad had a lot of explaining to do about how his trip to see his grandma turned into that whole fiasco . newline newline so as i step out of the chamber i look around , mindful of the timecops watching me and the brightdressed technicians scurrying from one lab to the next . everything looks fine . with a smile , i turn to the large window and salute the flag . a show of patriotism never hurts before the deep inspections that will follow . newline newline i do take the time to count though . 47 , 48 , 49 ... 50 ! fifty stars . woo ! all states accounted for ! something is off though ... is that ... newline newline ... only twelve stripes ? newline newline shit , i did not go back for an ectocooler just to get grilled on how this happened ...the most depressing part about the end of the christmas season is not after all the presents are opened and all the smiling and laughing over new toys stops . it s not the now silent workshops temporarily empty and idle as the elves take a wellearned break . it s not when i see everyone box up the decorations . it s january . alone in the north i spent january in reverent silence . i watch as names disappear from the lists . newline newline you see the lists are not static . names move between naughty and nice all year long . new names are added here and there as children are born throughout the year . and names do disappear when children die . and really , eventually every name leaves the lists . well almost every name . because you can only be on the lists if you believe . newline newline in january the children go back to school and talk about how it was their parents who got them all the gifts . how mom and dad are actually santa . they found their gifts before christmas . they always seem to overlook the gifts i bring . the older nonbelievers convert the younger children . i guess it  s one of the many steps toward adulthood and the loss of magic . newline newline each january thousands , even hundreds of thousands of names disappear . they never return . it happens so fast i think the lists actually get lighter for a while . newline newline i ca nt wait for summer . birth rates always go up and new names appear on the lists newline no  , awruh the gentle begged the grand council , all of her eight legs tense in discomfort .  these are gentle beasts , as dumb as they are . they mean no true harm , the sight of an arachnid merely frightens and confuses them sometimes . you can not expect them to understand the grand scale of things .  newline newline the grand council stirred in discussion . newline newline  i had thirteen thousand magnificient daughters  , oahur the plain protested .  and the monster in my house murdered every single one of them . it had something in it s hands , a hideous poison it spewed on them , and each of them died in horrid pain .  newline newline it did nt understand they were your daughters , awruh wanted to say , it did not understand what it was doing . but these dignified , magnificient spiders would not understand . they were determined not to understand . newline newline  they must die !  screamed spindly the dainty , spinning on another unnecessary string of web , stretching out all of her six legs  save for the ones she used to hold on the string  . she was a creature of vanity , and for some inexplicable reason , some spiders  the more distressingly , some spiders who held power  listened to her , for no other account than of her exquisite beauty . beauty and evil . newline newline  they destroy my webs  , agreed fphenennin who kept making her webs into stupid places . newline newline  they do not understand  , awruh insisted .  they do nt know what they are doing . they do not understand the good that we do to them , lest they would not do the harm they did . all we need to do is to act accordingly , and just not put our webs in their way .  newline newline  so you want us to live constantly dodging them ?  asked hesedfu the the ugly .  yes  , instantly agreed wagr the servant , the rare male of the council ,  you want us to cower in fear of them  . a murmur arose in agreement , despite of everyone knowing that hesedfu only kept her consort alive to echo her thoughts in councils . newline newline  no  , awruh said , raising her foremost limbs up in frustration .  i want us to be sensible of them . we can coexist , and it has proven beneficial before , has nt it ? their nests make heat in the winter , allowing those of us who can not endure the northernmost climates to survive the winter . they provide us living spaces , even companionship of a queer sorts between certain odd individuals . all we need to do is to stay out of their way , to be understanding with them . if we provide for them , they will provide for us . can you not see that ?  newline newline  no  , called widowmaker , who sometimes mated and killed less for the joy of mating than the joy of killing . newline newline  fuck those things  , agreed brutal the broad , whose statement was echoed in a swarm of applause . awruh attempted to raise her voice again , but to no use . what are you waiting for ? do it already !  newline newline newline newline newline she spat a bloody loogie from her throne of despair . to be fair , her accuracy was pretty impressive . newline newline newline newline newline  wwell , i guess i ll just have tto do it then , huh ?  newline newline newline newline the butcher s knife was shaking wildly in my hand . my gaze continued to move back and forth between my body , and the woman that i d tied to a chair just thirty minutes ago . newline newline newline newline for some reason , i was choking . newline newline newline newline newline i felt like i could nt do it . newline newline newline newline newline no . this ca nt be happening to me .  newline newline newline newline newline the only reason i even took on this second life , was to feel power ! i d play god , and make them all beg for their life . i was like a king , making rash and quick decisions , watching over my kingdom  i was to choose who would live and who would die by the sword  my favorite knife  . newline newline newline newline newline oh , did nt say thank you when i held the door for you ? gotcha bitch . newline newline newline newline newline these types of people that can not give proper courtesy did not deserve to live . these are the people that make life bitter . these are the people that have been around me , forever . it s almost like i m a magnet to negativity . newline newline newline newline newline so i happened to make a sick and twisted game out of it . who cares ? i ve been alone my whole life . i do nt feel feelings anymore . i have long rued everything i ve done . my apathy could be compared to the super bowl ... . the apathy was the fans , and my life was the stadium . newline newline newline newline newline but not once have i been treated this way by a hostage . newline newline newline newline newline she was nt giving me what i wanted , and she knew it . there was something attractive about it . is that crazy ? newline newline newline newline newline  hey , you fuck . if you re going to kill me then stop wasting my time . do it already you coward !  newline newline newline newline her breathing picked up , her lungs were working hard to inflate , pinned beneath the suffocating rope i d tied . i took a deep , long look into her eyes . i wanted to read her . i knew there was fear and desperation within . i would find it , and i would get what i came for . newline newline newline newline newline yet . there was nt any . newline newline newline newline what i saw was fire . calm , confidently burning fire . it was as if her composure was unbreakable . behind these soft , plush looking blue eyes ... . i could nt find a single bit of fear . there was something strange about this woman . she had obviously worn a mask over her face her whole life ... she was hurting , yet nobody knew . i knew . for the first time , i d met somebody that was as equally apathetic as i was . newline newline newline newline newline that makes us the same .  newline newline newline newline newline she wanted to die . newline newline newline newline newline newline yes , we re the same .  newline newline newlineafter years of waiting , my time had finally come , but for some reason instead of anticipation , i felt only dread . my eighteenth birthday , the day that i would receive my familiar . maybe i feared this day because not only would it reveal my strengths but also my weaknesses . what would i find alongside me ? would it be a cat , cunning but vain , or maybe a dog , unfailingly loyal but stupidly so . being a timid person by nature , i feared a repeat of peter s coming of age , just a few years ago , when he found his personality embodied in a rabbit . i remember feeling embarrassed just being the younger brother of a rabbit , of all things . newline newline it was finally time to perform the ceremony , in which i would be given my familiar . i stood , as tradition demanded , facing my family , with my back to the dais on which my familiar would appear . my father began the ceremony : newline newline  are you , james christopher white , prepared to accept the responsibilities of adulthood and everything that it entails ?  newline newline  i ... i am .  newline newline all of a sudden , gasps issued from the crowd of family members gathered before me . newline newline  it ca nt be !  newline newline  is that a ... .  newline newline i turned around , bracing myself for the embarrassment of finding a rabbit as peter had . instead , i saw a sight that nobody else had seen before . standing majestically on the dais behind me was a dragon , huge and covered in iridescent red scales from head to tail . newline newline  how is this possible ?  i asked myself . i was shy and far from the most courageous person i knew , so how was i the first person ever to get a dragon as their familiar ? newline newline   newline this did nt come out nearly as well as i had hoped , probably since it was pretty rushed . i might try to come back to this and rewrite it when i have a chance . it also cuts off rather suddenly , which i ll deal with later .it s dark out , but the court lights are still on in the park . a young , tall boy is playing basketball , he s wearing his favorite nike sweats , and a nice pair of shoes from the same brand . he shoots a shot , and it bounces off the rim , but the boy undiscouraged runs for the ball and puts up another shot . on the ground next to his back pack is his iphone playing a song he likes , he imagines himself playing basketball in a gym with a large crowd cheering for him and his team . newline newline  go ! davis ! go !  he puts up another shot , as he imagines them chanting his name . as it drains , he can almost see everyone standing up in the bleachers cheering for him . newline newline you know what i need , want you to see everything , want you to see all of the lights !  the woman is singing on his phone . he dribbles through his legs and imagines crossing over a guy in front of him . he leaps up and extends his whole body and dunks it . newline newline  oh ! shit !  he surprises himself ,  oh , holy shit !  newline newline basketball season is going to be starting soon , first practice is in two weeks . in his room , he has it marked down on his calendar . out of breathe , a smile on his face , and humming the song , he realizes its late out . he ca nt wait to get home and tell his dad he can dunk it finally . newline newline he walks about three blocks , he feels hungry so he walks up to the convenience store to pick up a warm up burger and a red slurpee .  hey mr. aki , guess what ? ! your boy can finally dunk it ! ahha !  newline newline  oh yeah , when i see it i ll believe it . how are you re grades davissan ?  the elderly man puts the broom down , and watches davis grab his regular foods . they visit a little as mr. aki check s him out , they make a bet he ca nt average one dunk a game , and wave goodbye . davis stops and puts his sandwich and drink down on the newspaper vending machine , his walk was another four blocks and he wanted to listen to some tunes . newline newline he gets about two blocks and then ,  hey , whats good .  newline newline it was a trio of guys dressed in black ,  yo , man . not much just about to head home , see my pops .  newline newline one of them walk up to him and hear his music playing ,  yo , what you listening to bruh ? check it .  newline newline  just some j. cole , yaye , logic , you know..  he says grabbing his ear piece out of the other guys ear . newline newline one of them stood still as the other two walked up to him ,  yo , thats a nice iphone , my nigga . let me check it .  newline newline  nah , fam . my pops will kill me if i lost it .  he starts walking , the guy that stood still does nt move and checks his shoulder .  sorry , dude .  newline newline clickclack .  let me check that iphone , nigga .  davis did nt turn around , but could feel the barrel pointed at his back . newline newline  you should have just let him see it , bruh .  another one of them said . newline newline he held on to his drink , and still could feel the warm sandwich in his sweater pocket . he lifts his arms up ,  yo , man . i m just trying to go home , i do nt want no problems , aight ?  newline newline  you ai nt want no problems ?  they laugh ,  this nigga ...  newline newline davis bolts for the corner on the right , when he turns he hears the first pop  . he s clutching his sweater pocket and holding his drink like a football , he just got to make it home . he dials 911 , when the operator picks up he does nt even hesitate ,  help me ! i m being chased by these three brothas down a street . they trying to mug me , and shot at me . send help ! send police !  newline newline he gets two blocks down , turns left , and starts running back down towards his house , and his ear buds fall out and ca nt hear the operator but he keeps talking ,  i m just running , i ca nt hear you . if you can , send help asap . i m just going to run home !  as he gets to the last two blocks before he has to turn left back towards his house , he sees a car pull up down the street he s got to go . the bullets sound like a stick being dragged along a metal fence , like the one at the basketball court . it feels warm as two go into his stomach and hit his rib . newline newline he looks out in shock , drops his slurpee , and ca nt tell if the warmth is still from his sandwich or the hot metal in his stomach . he wobbles and falls to his knee and then to the ground . newline newline  ohh , shit  , he groans . newline newline  fuck wit the three six side crooks again , nigga ! dirt nap , bitch ! graatgraatgraat , nigga !  the voice laughs from the vehicle as the wheels squeal and drive off . newline newline he lays there , trying to comfort himself but all he can think of is the gym cheering his name ,  go ! davis ! go !  he looks up at the orange sky and thinks of the song ,  turn up the lights in here , baby . extra bright , i want yall to see this . turn up the lights in here , baby . you know what i need , want you to see everything , want you to see all of the lights .  his red slurpee was mixing with his blood , he reached on to his stomach for his sandwich and it was still warm . when he reaches for his iphone , he pulls it out and ends the 911 call . he holds down the siri button and says ,  siri , call pops  .  the light spins , and he starts to feel cold as the phone rings , he pulls out his head phone jack . newline newline it goes for a few seconds , and someone picks up , his father sounds frantic ,  son ? where are you ?  newline newline  dad , come get me.. will floated over his son , scowling , as little seth looked down , ashamed . his mother , may , looked on sternly . newline newline  son ,  said will ,  mind explaining me why we ca nt enter our house ?  newline newline  it s not my fault !  seth said , defensively . newline newline  your mother tells me the exorcist came today . he threw you two out .  newline newline  that cross burned !  said may . newline newline will s scowl widened , and his ghostly tendrils wavered . seth smiled sheepishly .  newline newline  it was an accident .  newline newline  explain .  newline newline  so , i was playing again with the little girl . crystal , you see , and  newline newline  you were playing with a human child ? ! may , did you know that ?  newline newline  do nt look at me !  may said . she floated over to the other wall of the cave ,  pacing  back and forth . newline newline  well , she was really nice !  seth whined . newline newline  a child playing with a ghost is the scariest thing known to humans ! they have made horror movies about them . you know better than to mess with humans .  newline newline seth winced , feeling guilty .  sorry . well , i was playing with her , and her mother came in carrying some sort of device i d never seen before . she had just gotten it , and it was really shiny . she said it was called an ipad .  so , i got really fascinated , and i wanted to know what it did . crystal s mother seemed to love it . so , i waited until crystal was asleep , and then i went downstairs . but , she was still on it , watching some moving pictures , kind of like on the tv . i waited some more , until the parents went to bed too , and then i grabbed the ipad . i wanted to watch some videos , so i picked it up , but i had to enter a passcode . i did nt know what it was , so i woke up crystal , and she said she knew it . so , we went downstairs , and i turned on the light , and held it up , so she could turn on the passcode . i said you can pick out a video , crystal !  so she did , and she turned up the volume , while i held it up for her . unfortunately , her parents woke up , and found her watching the video , in front of the floating ipad .  seth looked down at this point , feeling awfully stupid . newline newline  anyways , they tried to grab the ipad , but i held it away , and ran . then they snatched up crystal , and got in their car , and left . i still have the ipad , if you want to try it !  seth pushed the ipad on the ground towards his father , who looked sternly at him , and snatched it up . seth s apologetic smile vanished . newline newline  you re not using this thing again . now , we ve been exorcised out of their house , so we have no place to live , and who knows how long it ll be before we can find a new one ?  newline newline  i m really sorry , dad !  seth said . he  sat  down , and looked intently at the ground . newline newline will looked at the ipad , which was still unlocked . he went to the video app , and was dumbfounded . newline newline  seth , you did this ?   newline newline  what ?  newline newline  this video !  will was now grinning .  this video is the evillest thing i ve ever seen ! may , look !  newline newline may saw . she laughed . now seth was confused . newline newline  what did i do ?  newline newline will was laughing too .  you woke them up ... . with this !   newline newline he pressed play , and seth soon realized why his parents were laughing . if there was a good way to get exorcised , it was this one ! newline newline never gon na give you up ,  newline newline never gon na let you down ,  newline newline never gon na run around ,  newline newline and hurt you ! despite its speed , the suv looked like it was going in slow motion . i watched it cross the intersection for about 1015 minutes , the driver yelling silently into the smartphone held in her hand , before it hit my little civic square on the drivers side door , about 6 inches from my head . i watched the license plate come loose from the bumper and fly into the cabin . rgx5541 . i did always have a habit of memorizing random numbers . i wonder , is that newline newline the bumper finished shattering the window and continued on to the next obstacle , which just happened to be my head . there was no pain , just an immense pressure , then black . the black lasted just long enough to figure out what had happened : a suv the size of my garage had run the red light at high speed , impacting the driver side door and consequently , me . and i was having such a good day . newline newline i will admit , i was not freaking out as much as some other people would , at this stage . this was the fourth time that i ve died , so far , and after the third time , it gets less stressful . i could feel the pull drawing me back already . the  pull  was some sort of force that pulled me back from the brink to undo whatever events had caused my death . usually it only pulled me back a few seconds before , so i can look both ways or take one step to the left , but this time , it seemed longer . i waited nervously as i kept going back , back back ... newline newline i fell out of the pull with a jolt . the past few times , it had been a smooth transition between timelines , but this was far more turbulent . i stumbled , nearly tripping over my feet , and bumped into a couple walking beside me . the woman hopped back with a small cry of surprise , but the man pushed me roughly to the sidewalk with a curse . still dizzy from the overlong pull , i toppled over and cracked my head off the cement . the woman yelled something chastising towards the man and reached out to help me up . i muttered an apology and jumped up by myself , worry in my eyes . never before had i ever interacted with an outside person during a pull , it had always been a simple action on my part to bump the timeline back on track , and i feared the repercussions would be too great . newline newline the fear must have been evident in my eyes , because the woman backed up enough for me to dodge her hand and turn the next corner . i could still hear hear the couple arguing , but i tried to put it out of my mind . i needed to figure out when i was , and how could i start to fix my situation . i walked over to a nearby newspaper stand to read the date : march 19th , 2003 . over twelve years in the past . newline newline i sat down hard on the sidewalk next to the newspaper stand . as if on cue , the woman from the argument comes around the corner , talking on a cell phone about her blind date that had just been ruined . she walked over to an suv , unlocked the door , and hopped in . as i watched her drive around the parking lot , i could feel the pull start to activate , pulling me slowly back to my time period . confused , i looked to see why i was dragged so far back . i could nt have impacted the future that much from so far in the past . the woman drove past my spot , still talking on her phone as she pulled out of the lot , and something clicked in my head . newline newline the light at the end of the street turned yellow , and she gunned it , phone pressed firmly against her ear . i could see a car coming the other way , in what was sure to be her blind spot . i tried to shout , to motion , but it was too late . both cars entered the intersection simultaneously , colliding in a spray of broken glass and parts . i ducked as bent metal flew in my direction . a license plate flew from the wreck , bouncing once before landing , just close enough to read it before the pull took me back . the plate was bent and scuffed , but i could make out the numbers . newline newline rgx5541 newline newline  rough story i wrote at work . cc welcome .  john had the accolades , and he had the women . he had the cars , and he had the perseveranceno , willpower ! yes , the willpower to achieve what was necessary .  newline newline truth be told , the session with his writer had gone slightly amiss . after a failing to wake up in the morning due to a surely faulty alarm clock , john had scrambled to the meeting with the man responsible for writing his biography . his shirt was half tucked in when he first saw him , and his pants were put on backwards . the writer s robot typed on the archaicly fashionable typewriter . newline newline  please do not sit down , john . i would not want to convenience you ,  john s robot spoke . it followed behind him closely , its prismatic hues shining from within its manufactured body . newline newline  hey , jonathan , i m glad you could make it ,  his writer said , looking up from sipping his coffee . he sat with one leg over the other gazing out the window at the cityscape . it was lit by faintly by the faint glow of an orange sunrise in the sky . newline newline  it s beautiful , is nt it ?  john said , admiring the view . of course , the windows were an illusion , but the nice atmosphere made for a pleasant feeling within him . newline newline pleasure detected . pleasure detected . destroy all dopamine within john s body immediately .  the beeps that signalled john s robot s thoughts were silent to their ears , well outside a human s hearing range . the window turned to a black , smogged filled mess with factories and debris littered all around . newline newline  interesting ,  john s writer said as the robot continued clicking away at the keyboard . it looked around the room , as if surveying the situation before locking its eyes john s robot . the two stared at each other for minutes with the two men glancing between them , both fearful of what may happen . the clicking of the typewriter resumed as both robots looked away . newline newline john gave as quick an interview as possible with his robot chiming in occasionally with an alternative and more factual interpretation of john s goals . the interview was finished and as john went to leave the room , he stopped at the doorway and turned around , trying to find where his robot had gone . the clicking was gone and so was everything else . newline newline john was in a pit of blackness with no light or sensations around him . it was peaceful perhaps , but there was no sense of time s passage . existenstial crises waged war within his mind for what seemed years before a faint square of light appeared far away in the distance . a monotonous beeping tone accompanied it . newline newline john stared at it and watched with curiosity as it grew larger . newline newline  i am sorry you grew peaceful here , john . please allow me to escort you to where you will be most uncomfortable .  there was no body to the voice , but it sounded just like his robot . and nothing happened . so john sat . newline newlinemy murder was on june 11th , 1982 , the same night e.t . premiered . odd to have the night you were murdered coincide with a kid  s movie . being a member of the dead ain  t so bad . at the time i was fiending for rocks and my sire killing me sort of cured it . funny , at the time , he just wanted a big negro to be his muscle , for me , it was a way out . newline newline usually , when they turn ya , you are schooled and broken of bad habits like an ornery horse for a decade or so but my master needed my services immediately . it helped i was big and could use a piece . it was much more helpful that i was not scared shitless in a firefight . newline newline so after 2 weeks of being a vampire i was ordered to ride with reginald tipton to meet the reagent of the indiana territory . we met at the government building in downtown indianapolis , near monument circle . old vampires , for some reason , have a hard on for monuments and government buildings . so i was dressed in a macy  s suit , given a strap , and told to keep my damned mouth shut . being a vampire was almost the same as being a new member of a street gang , except more drama . newline so about 50 of us were in the council chambers in the indianapolis government building waiting for the reagent to show up and talk at us . i thought i was at some opera or something because everyone was in some dumbass outfit with a cape . one lady even had those tiny binoculars . newline newline at midnight , some little guy walks out in a tiny red coat with a powdered wig walks into the room and calls out to us like we are in court .  please rise for the honorable annabelle louise maycott , reagent of the indiana territory and heir to the maycott dynasty  newline newline i think he rattled off some more titles but i quit listening when this tiny girl walked into the room . she was barely 5 foot , barely a woman , and had the attention of everybody . i could not keep myself from looking at her . i think everybody was staring because she was in charge . me ? i could not stop staring at her ridiculous police sunglasses . girl came in shorter than my 12 year old niece , wearing some shakespeare looking dress , wearing giantass mirrored sunglasses like she couldn  t decide whether she was in romeo and juliette or hawaii fiveo . newline newline but like a good little coloredboy i kept my damned mouth shut and didn  t let a snicker out . shit like that would get you shot especially if it involves a tiny white girl . after she sits down people talk at her about various crap . who owes who what and what territory goes to whom . it was like a bunch of dealers arguing about corners with a bunch of pimps . newline newline after about an hour of people bickering , the reagent says  bring me the newly dead.  newline newline if reginald tipton was alive he would have died from shock . from what i understood we were just there to be seen , like at a party where you aren  t part of the cool people , but you want to be a cool person , so you show up so people associate you with cool folks . like that . dude starts shaking like my grandma and tries to drag me up to the reagent . he must have been too scared because i ended up dragging him halfway there . newline newline because of here silly ass sunglasses i couldn  t tell what she was looking at but reginald was inspecting his kicks and i was looking at her eyewear . newline newline she finally spoke again .  is this your blood ?  newline newline  yyes reagent.  newline newline  child is there something you want to say ?  newline newline there are times when you need to keep your mouth shut . when the absolute worst thing you can do is speak . this was one of those times , and of course , i didn  t . newline newline  yeah , why the hell are you wearing those goofy ass sunglasses ?  newline newline it was like winter showed up for a minute in the building . room got cold and people stood real still . newline newline  let me show you.  she took off those sunglasses real gentle and placed them in front of her . newline newline now let me tell you a couple things . i have seen some shit and been through some shit . i had a nigger put a gun to my head while his friend shoved his hand up my ass looking for my stash . i have had my pops smash a bottle over my dog when i was kid and threaten to cut us both up . i have been pulled over on the southside of indy at 2 a.m. by drunk cop who hates black people . newline newline so when i say that seeing that thing with her sunglasses off was scariest fucking shit i have ever seen in my whole life , death , and in between you know i mean business . what i saw , i mean there was nothing . nothingnothing , like everything that had ever happened to me was pointless and everything i would ever do didn  t count and i was here on a whim and would cease to be in the same way . newline newline as it turns out there was nothing behind her sunglasses . and i saw more in that nothing than i have ever seen since . newline newlinedear diary , newline newline my dad came into my room last night . he thought i was sleeping . i was nt . i thought about saying something to him but pretended to be asleep because i was up too late anyways . he just stood there for a long time . i felt him coming closer and i felt afraid . there was something wrong . he kissed my cheek but then stopped and again stood there staring at me . newline newline i felt his hand slowly come under the covers and he touched my foot . he rested it there and then moved up my leg . he reached my panties and was rubbing the outside of it . he started too go inside when i coughed and turned to my side . he jumped . i do nt know how he could nt of felt my shaking . he left my room fast . newline newline i m scared . why would he do this to me . i thought he loved me . how am i supposed to sleep now . i ca nt lock my doors . do i tell mommy ? no one would believe me . it would tear the family apart . it was just one time he wo nt do it again . what about alice.. she is a heavy sleeper is he going to touch her . he wo nt do it anymore . please . do nt do it anymore .i nod to the man , barely perceptible , and he disappears down a side street . all the pieces are in place . i try not to look around , there s no good reason to do it . the streets are deserted . newline newline i find myself looking over my right shoulder moments later . instinct does not like to be ignored . newline newline i enter the apartment building , and i know what room i m headed to . i climb to the thirteenth floor , the room on the northwest corner will be unlocked . it is . newline newline i enter the mostly empty apartment , the room is bathed in an early halflight , a full moon struggles to pierce the fog that lingers over the city . even so , tonight is more clear than most . this was nt my first time in beijing . i d been there before , a lifetime ago , had studied there for a year or two . it had nt been what i had in mind at the time , but fluency in many languages was an incredible asset in my business . mandarin had only been the first . i could converse in russian , french , and spanish as well . arabic too , but not like a native , not yet anyway . newline newline a quick glance at my watch tells me that i have roughly four and a half hours , if things go to plan . they will , there s little room for error . i wo nt try to sleep , it s pointless , too much nervous energy . i do nt show it anymore , but it s always there . i channel it now  slow , calm , methodical . make sure every detail is in place , your life may depend on it . newline newline instead i unzip the black duffel bag i carried up with me . the rifle s there all right . i ve fired the dragunov before , does nt raise the sort of suspicion other weapons would , or maybe my employers were hoping it would raise just enough . i look through the rifle scope , this one provides about four times magnification , all i would need , presumably , to fire from this room to the adjacent streets . i look at the ammunition , 10 rounds maybe , more than enough . i screw on a suppressor , though there should be enough chaos on the streets below that they wo nt be looking for single gunshots . newline newline what about my firing position ? i wo nt be aiming the rifle out the window , there s nothing more obvious you can do than that , unless maybe you paint an arrow on the outside wall , declaring to the world exactly where you ll be shooting from . newline newline no , i want to be well back from the window , if possible . there s a table in the room that looks to be the right height . i slide it into position , then climb up onto it carefully . i lay prone and sight down the rifle again  not real comfortable perhaps , but it was a better position . newline newline i have a few hours to kill . i sit down in a threadbare recliner and pull out tolstoy s war and peace . not the first time i ve read the book , but the first time i ve read it in russian . i m not yet sure whether or not it truly loses anything in translation . newline newline at 6:47 the first explosion occurred . i did nt realize what a large explosive they d planned to use , the concussion wave rattled the windows of the building , resounding deep in my chest . i could see the pall of smoke rising five or six blocks away . the motorcade will be redirected onto the alternate route , the first security vehicles should roll down this street any minute . newline newline looking out the window i can see some armed vehicles emblazoned with the ministry of state security emblem roaring down the street . army vehicles will probably follow up in a moment . sirens echo down the streets . this city is going to go into lock down , the clock is already ticking , but i ve still got a job to finish . newline newline people s liberation army apcs are rolling down the streets now , machine guns scanning the endless rows of windows along the street . one , two , three drive by . the target vehicles should be approaching next . two and a half minutes since the initial blast . escape window approximately fifteen minutes . newline newline the first limousine approaches the intersection , police motorcycles drive on either side . i see it draw parallel to the pile of trash on the left street corner and await the second blast . one ... two ... newline newline the explosion is powerful enough to flip the vehicle and roll it into the neighboring building . the next car careens right , skidding into the center of the intersection . the rattle of automatic weapons fire begins , and i can see the ground element leaning out of the lower level windows , firing assault rifles at the stalled limo . newline newline those guys were locals , liberals or students or something . it did nt really matter , they were dead men . unless the mss got them , which would be worse . now really my problem . i would have cared once , but the real world squeezes the idealism out of you . i d never take part in anything evil  or anything like that  in fact , i d never admit it but i get squeamish when it comes to civilian casualties too . but i ve still done some unsavory things as well . we do what we need to to get by , some of us do , and some of us , like the poor bastards out in the street right now , wo nt . newline newline i shake my head , focus , aim the rifle . i can see security agents firing small arms back at the ground element , hunkering down behind the car . the target vehicle has stopped just short of the intersection , but ca nt back out because now there are pla armored vehicles behind it . i do nt have a great angle into the back of the car , but it s not going to get any better , time to go to work . newline newline i take a deep breath , let half of it go , stop . i ve got the crosshairs lined up where i know the driver to be , even through the dark window tint . i squeeze the trigger , and the rifle jumps . the windshield of the limousine spiderwebs with cracks from the single bullet hole . the car remains still . newline newline i try to line up a shot towards the rear of the vehicle . this is where i need the target to panic . newline newline and for a minute , it looks like they wo nt . but they do . instinct drives people to take action , even if they d be safer staying put . instinct is the key to the whole thing . control it , anticipate it , manipulate it . an exercise in psychology , but a lecture for another time . newline newline the targets bail out of the vehicle , diving to the pavement on the near side , opposite the shooters on the ground . good , they ve made it easier . i line up the shot again . the two russians do nt even notice when i shoot my first target , the chinese minster . i silently say goodbye to economics minister wei , and then to the minister of state security . general liu also takes a bullet , for good measure . i knew quite well who my targets were . i d never take a job without knowing who i m after , if the target description is vague , mistakes will happen . or it could be a sting operation , or any other number of scenarios . newline newline in any case , it s time to go . i do nt need to worry about disposing of the rifle . nothing in the room will survive . there s enough plastic explosive planted to destroy the interior , and hopefully not bring down the building . i was careful about that . i do nt want innocents to die . not any more , not after mexico city . newline newline i glance at my watch , maybe 10 minutes left . get away from here , do it quick , then act like a scared foreigner . the backpack full of money would leave the country in dribs and drabs , not all at once . i do nt get careless and make mistakes like that . that s how they get you . newline newline i shut the door to the room . an elderly man is leaning out the door of the neighboring apartment , i see his wife standing just behind him , the fear in both of their eyes . terrible timing . the only people in the area that could possibly tie me to this . newline newline i m halfway down the hallway when i pause . newline newline   ,   i begin ,  please , sir .  newline newline  leave this place . quickly . it is too dangerous for you here .  newline newline he shouts at my back . he demands to know who i am , what s happening , the typical questions of a clueless man in a terrifying situation . newline newline i m already down the first flight of stairs . it s time to get out of dodge , and i hope i did nt just seal my fate .the locket dangled from her neck by a thin chain . the chain was gold plated over a cheap metalalloy that made the locket more affordable for teenagers . near the bottom of the chain , where the locket hung , some of the gold plating had worn off revealing the cheap metal beneath . over time the dull gray had turned to the reddish brown of rust . newline newline the woman grabbed the locket and slid it slowly along the chain . it was a nervous habit . she started to climb the stairs . newline newline the exterior of the locket was inscribed with a golden snitch from the harry potter series . the wings of the snitch were outstretched like a bird in flight . originally tiny inscribed lines had given fine details to the feathers of the wings , but over time the details had been lost . the shape of the snitch had faded from constant rubbing until most people thought it was a heart with wings . but it wasn  t . it was a golden snitch which meant so much more to them . newline newline  when i asked if you would go out with me , and you said , yes ,  he had said ,  i felt like harry potter catching the snitch and winning the quidditch cup . i felt unstoppable.  he had given it to her on their one year anniversary , before they graduated high school . newline newline the clasp that held the two sides of the locket together had broken off leaving only the exposed cheap metal visible . in place of the clasp were two tiny pegs super glued to the edges with pain staking precision . a thread was wound around the two pegs in a figure eight to keep the locket shut . it left a small gap , so when she walked it made tiny clinking sounds as the two edges came together . newline newline  see ?  he said when he showed her his fix .  you tie it like the infinity sign , because ,  he paused and blushed . newline newline  we  ll be together forever ?  she finished . he nodded . newline newline that happened during college . was it still true ? newline newline she could hear the sounds from the bedroom more clearly now . newline newline she held the locket in her hand . the two sides clinked together as she opened the door to their bedroom . the thread unraveled . newline newline the pictures inside were faded . on the left was a picture of her under a thin layer of glass . the glass on the right had fallen off and shattered . his picture was glued to the back of the locket . she had carefully cut their faces from her favorite picture . they were on the beach . she was running up to him her hand outstretched , and he was turned around with his hand extended towards her . they were frozen in a moment , inches apart . newline newline it was the look in her eye that she wanted to capture . at that moment she was filled with love and admiration for him . her eyes were swimming in bliss , and he was looking back at her confidently smiling . in that picture the rest of the world fell away , and a future of love stretched out before them . together they would walk hand in hand towards that future . newline newline now , there was another woman with her hands over him . newline newline the hinge snapped as she tore the locket in two . the side with his face came off in her hand leaving the cheap metal exposed on the half that still hung from the tarnished chain . she took the locket and threw it at his naked body , but it hit the other woman  s exposed breast . she grabbed the other half of the locket and pulled down hard . in one quick move the clasp at the back of her neck snapped , and the locket came away in her hand . she threw the locket to the ground , and the thin glass over her frozen , smiling face shattered breaking apart that moment of love and admiration . newline newline the locket stayed there on that bare cold floor , a broken memento lingering in promises torn apart and a love ended . many , many millenniums ago all conflict was resolved via offroad racing . unfortunately , the technology was lost for many millenniums after , but that s another story . one day , a man cheated on his wife with another woman but neither cared as much as the womens mothers did . together , they went out to an uninhabited island and raced . newline they raced for years , as they had special fuel technology stuff . they raced for so long they died of old age . people were so in awe of this ultimate race , they moved to the island and named it the bajamas but as language evolved it became what it is today and you , my son , will be one of the only people to know and you must pass this legend on to your sons and so on and so on  newline newline  but why dad ?  newline newline  because , my son , we are descendants of aforementioned man what was in the story  newline newline  is that anything to be proud of ?  newline newline  not particularly but it is cool that we were involved in the naming of an island , right ? newline newline he began to know clara too . he quickly learned to love the way she chuckled to herself when she thought of something funny , usually some lame pun based in their conversation that no one else would find amusing  how she always seemed to have been thinking of him while at school or at home   i was in class and the way the professor laughed reminded me of you ,  and  hey ! i was wondering if you need a jacket , but i don  t know what size you are . wan na come with ?    the little , shy smile that kissed the corners of her mouth when she caught his eyes lingering on her face after she  d stopped talking  and the silly laugh she had when she thought that something small was absolutely hilarious  warm , hearty , but just a tad chortley . in fact , before he even realized it , sam was completely smitten . he was hopeful that clara thought of him fondly too , but he had no delusions about her wanting to start a relationship . who would ? with a homeless , socialreject bum newline newline he began to redouble his efforts to find a job . the freeaccess computers at the library were a helpful resource , and sam searched the many employment sites for entrylevel anything . almost everything required at least two years of experience . he walked as far afield as he could each day as well , scanning building fronts for  help wanted  or  now hiring  signs . they were few and far between , and he drew many strange looks from the employees and managers within when he requested an application . newline newline i need to clean myself up ,  he thought . despite the new jacket clara had given him , he still looked like a threeyearold  s favorite doll that had lived through a play day of  baking   with mud  and a  hair makeover.  he was ratty , disheveled , smudged , and scuffed . no one would hire him even if he applied . newline newline  newline newline  clara ?  he hesitated a moment , and she looked up from the history notes she was reviewing beside him . it was february , and the diffused , evening light was grey and gold . newline newline  i was wondering do you think you could help me out ? i have a couple applications i wan na turn in , but i really want to make a good impression . do you think maybe you could give me a haircut and use your shower ?  he trailed off . me use the shower , not you . oh god , i sound like a doofus .  newline newline clara s face was a bit reserved . newline newline  i don  t know about that last part ,  she finally said after an interminable  halfsecond  pause .  i still live with my mom and dad , and i don  t think they  d be too keen on me bringing a strange boy home to use the shower  she chuckled a bit , blushing right up to her eyebrows , though she didn  t seem to notice .  i think i might be able to manage the haircut though , and maybe wash your clothes ? do you think you could get presentable with the little showers at the beach ?  newline newline sam relaxed .  that would be great , clara , thanks.  before he thought , sam heard himself continue ,  i really want to find a job and start creating a life , you know , to make a home . maybe have a family someday.  newline newline he couldn  t look at her . he could feel the heat on his face and the subtle thrill of tension that had sprung up between them . then , delicately  like a small songbird alighting  he felt her soft , gentle , white fingers brush against his . they were holding hands . newline newline  i think i want that too , sam . me too . andrew felt as though his head could rip apart . the science team was torn between looking at the young boys writhing body or glaring down at their screens to absorb as much information as they could as the scans continued . andrew s jaw had dropped so low and his body arched against the canvas straps with such force that he looked as though he was at the apex of a terminal seizure . thin veins rose up along his neck , reaching out along the edge of his forehead and vanishing into his hairline . inside his mind was a thundering chorus of information . it was as if he were strapped in and forced to watch one billion tv s at the same time , the sounds overlapping and skipping past him in chirps and scattered blips . newline newline victor leaned on the railing , looking down at the young volunteer . the theories had been around for a few years but there had simply been no way to test them , quantify them , prove or even touch any part of the ideas . victor had sunk his life into trying to understand the life long concept of imagination , of silly or trivial idea mixed to form real concepts . why did children always have such an endless amount of it , were there adults with wide ranging imaginations ? were they successful ? he d had to develop simple questionnaires that later evolved into full scans of brains during the questions . later the tests became scans while playing problem solving games or by straining how children could understand their realities . newline newline and then one day the idea sort of just appeared in victor s mind . what if the brain were like a satellite and imagination was a sort of network humans simply did nt fully comprehend and eventually trained themselves not to use ? who would be the best receivers and could anyone be a transmitter into this network ? who produced it ? the concept bred more questions than it answered , but it profoundly struck victor and his team . they buried money and time , spending everything they could find into trying to prove if such theories of an  imaginary internet  could be true . newline newline when andrew came around , it was like finding a key to an unknown door . the boy was barely 9 and he could draw out pictures of nuclear reactors . more amazingly , he was able to design the closest thing physicists believed could function as a fusion core . it was as if the child was always attached to an information source . every problem presented to him was quickly handled and pushed away , solved again and again . the only problem was that andrew was nonverbal . he was wildly crippled , devastatingly autistic . and others like andrew seemed to display similar qualities . victory theorized that the stronger the link to this otherworldly network , the weaker the human would be able to link to this place s network . newline newline after two years of brutal trial and error on computer simulations and a few devious bribes to law makers , victor was going to risk everything . he wanted to know if it was possible to break the receiver from this extraterrestrial network , severing a human from its interference . if the plan worked , it would give andrew a new lease on life , if it did nt , then it simply was a bad theory and it would be back to the drawing boards . as andrew s fragile body continued to flop against his straps , an engineer called out . newline newline  we ve got it ! we ve got the frequency that s feeding him . his brain his trying to follow this sine wave here !  newline newline victor turn and leaned over the other worker , both of them glaring intently at the lone wave form that had dozens of others trailing after it . victor pointed at the screen and then spoke out so that everyone could hear . newline newline  block it . jam the signal .  newline newline a moment later , the signal blipped and flat lined . all eyes turned from their stations to look down at andrew . his thin body held still and his eyes swirled around the room . his expression twisted into a grimace and then a cry , a loud , guttural cry . he d never made a sound before . and then the child shouted , shouted out words . newline newline  i want to go home ! i want to go home !   newline newline victor nodded to some of the medical assistance on staff , letting them hurry to the boy and give him some comfort . everyone was stunned , perhaps rightly so . but no one expected what victor did next . he strode back to the first engineer and leaned forward , pointing at the screen . newline newline  transmit a message along that frequency . send it out on maximum amplification .  newline newline lightyears away , in a far off and advanced civilization , a sudden message chirped and signaled across the screen . heads craned around to look as the computer autotranslated the incoming transmission . large font marching across the screen from one side to another . newline newline we knowi have never been this nervous in my entire life . i could feel the sweat slowly dripping down my face . it was all or nothing , my entire career had led up to this moment . i never thought the day would come where i would have to say this . but i ve been backed into a corner and i have no choice . newline newline  my confession is that i m guilty of the worst crime imaginable , guilty of caring too much for my city . guilty of caring for all the people that live within it . guilty of being tired of letting our people live in fear . i m not the person this city deserves but i m the one it needs . my confession ladies and gentlemen is that i , bruce wayne , am the batman newline newlinehi ! i ve written many stories over the course of my life , but my latest one is a doozy . ever since i put the first word to paper i could feel something else settle into my head . i shrugged it off at first assuming it was just my creative juices flowing . once i got my characters up and running  however , it was an entirely different thing . the word  god  was whispering through my mind followed by random questions or demands . none of those thoughts were mine . newline newline it was nt until i listened closely that i realized most of the prayers after god would be introduced by the individual asking for something . and it was always the same two people praying to me  jackson and carrie . both of these two people ware the characters in my novel . newline newline the prayers went something like this : newline newline jackson : dear god , this is jackson . why am i stuck with this carrie person ? there s this town and i heard rumors that i m supposed to be chased by some sort of evil fae creature . that s not true is it ? the surroundings do nt have enough color or detail for my taste . what s up with that ? when am i going to have enough time for naps and lunch in between trying to rescue carrie from some hairbrained adventure ? i ll have some more questions but that s most of my complaints for right now . newline newline carrie : good morning , god . i know jackson is bitching that i have some extreme adventures that he has to  save  me from . that s complete crap , god . he is almost no help whatsoever . i frequently have to pull his ass out of the fire . why am i stuck with him of all people as a partner ? if you could get me a better partner down the line , that would be great . thanks god ! newline newline their voices in my head are driving me crazy ! i ve told them to stop but they never . ever . stop ! well you left the toilet seat up again !  silver dawn , the most powerful hero on earth yelled . newline newline  you can throw buildings at people but you ca nt put a toilet seat down ?  ragdoll man , her husband , rolled his eyes at her as he asked sarcastically . newline newline  sometimes i wonder why i ever agreed to marry you !  she shot back . newline newline  ouch .  i said and they both turned on me . newline newline  stay out of this , grunch !  they said in unison then turned back to each other , ignoring me . newline newline  look , all i ask for is a little consideration !  silver dawn practically hissed at him ,  you fight crime with your vigilante friends then come home smelling like cheap booze !  newline newline  we were stopping terrorists from blowing up the brewery district , honey ,  he threw up his hands in mock surrender . newline newline  obviously you failed ,  she crossed her arms and sniffed the air ,  tell him he smells like a cheap bar , grunch !  newline newline  you smell like a che.. ,  i started . newline newline  shut up , grunch !  he yelled at me . newline newline  guys , i m trying to rob fort knox here !  i said , perhaps too loudly . newline newline  do nt you yell at grunch when you re frustrated at me !  silver dawn said , stomping so hard the ground shook . newline newline  yeah , ragdoll ,  i said , putting another gold bar in my sack . newline newline  one more word , grunch ,  he warned and puffed his cigar . newline newline  plus you smoke those nasty things ,  she pointed to his cigar ,  do you really know how bad those stink when you have super smell ?  newline newline  i smoke them for the machismo effect !  he defended himself . newline newline  awww , how sweet .  i said , smirking at ragdoll man . newline newline suddenly he threw a punch . now understand that ragdoll man is not super strong , fast , or agile . i accidentally blocked the punch and sent him through the wall . it killed him instantly . newline newline  whoops !  i said , dropping the sack of gold bars because of the look of fury that suddenly appeared on silver dawn s face . newline newline  you killed him !  she screamed at me with righteous fury . newline newline  only temporarily  i protested . you see ragdoll man s super power is regeneration and the inability to give up . newline newline her fist hit me from the left and his hit me from the right . i fell to the ground in a daze as the sound of police sirens drew closer . newline newline  thanks , grunch .  silver dawn said , kissing her husband passionately , her anger at both of us forgotten as she remembered what was important in life . newline newline  no problem ,  i said . they smiled down at me one more time , drew back their fists , and clobbered me one last time . newline newline they ll give anything for just a little more ,  evan said , looking down at the throbbing mass of people crowded at the base of his building . from his office on the top floor the ceo could nt even see the desperation on their faces , but he knew it was there . he knew he had stumbled upon something big that night in the lab . the test rats went crazy . it was all so exciting , he just had to take some home . his failing marriage had been a crushing burden on him for some and as wrong as it was he just had to try . newline newline susan was sleeping by the time he was walking through the front door  she had nt waited up for him in a long time . just a teeny bit ,  he thought , swabbing her arm with an alcoholsoaked cotton ball , just to see if it helps .  he looked at her sleeping face for a second , the frown lines embedded in her skin , even in sleep . she did nt even twitch when he pricked her with the micro needle . evan stood there for fifteen minutes just waiting for something to happen , any reaction at all . susan did nothing , her calm breaths never wavered . with a sigh , ethan tossed the needle in his bedside drawer and climbed into the other side of the bed . why would i even think that would work ,  he thought , as exhaustion pulled his eyelids closed . newline newline oh shit ... shit that feels good ... fuck ,  evan opened his eyes in the most exquisite state of bliss . he was having the best feelings , you know , down there .  to his complete shock his blurry gaze met the sight of his wifes big blue eyes , shining , as they moved up and down . he recognized the slurping noises now , this definitely was nt a dream . so close ...   oh shit , baby , shit ... i m close .  it had been a long time since a treat like this from susan but he did nt want to fuck it up by forgetting she liked a little warning so she could pull her lips away . not this time ... her shining red lips maintained their swift up and down pace , holding close like a vacuum . he could nt stop it and still her beautiful mouth maintained their suctionlike grasp . she took every drop and even though otherwise occupied , there was a clear upturn to her beautiful lips . she swallowed it smiling . newline newline  oh baby , what was that for ?  newline newline  nothing ,  she replied , finally pulling her lips away ,  just cause i love you .  she kept smiling as she began to slid her tongue across me .  let me just clean you up and then i can get started on your breakfast .  newline newline evan sat back in a daze , enjoying her soft tongue and smile . he knew what had caused it . i knew that serum was special , i knew this one would work .  newline newline he watched her go , completely au natural , down to the kitchen  her hips had nt swayed like that in a while . she must really want me to look ...  newline newline a soft hand shook evan from his reverie ,  are you going to talk to the press , sir ?  newline newline ah yes , they wanted to hear more about what he had done . not everyone had tried it yet but he knew they soon would . turning away from the window , evan looked at the women lounging around his office . admittedly , he had gone a little overboard when he realized it worked . they were addicted to his love , his serum , and were willing to do anything he wished . still evan was nt sorry . they were beautiful and they all truly loved him , they did anything he asked . his susan had seemed so out of place among these young , nubile women . he let her stay home , let her think that was what he wanted because he knew she loved him beyond measure and she needed to feel that . she would nt know about all these lovely women wandering idly around his office . he looked at jessica , her hand still on his chest .  you love me , do nt you jessica ?  newline newline  oh yes sir ,  she nuzzled her head against his chest . she went to pull his hand down from her shoulder , down her chest and between her legs but he pulled it away . she looked hurt .  go tell them i ll be down soon , take the rest of the girls with you .  newline newline  yes , sir .  newline newline  jessica ... get dressed first . all of you .  newline newline  yes , sir .  newline newline evan almost regretted that he had released over a thousand gallons of his serum into the city s water supply , he would never know opposition again . but they ll all love me , just as they should .  newline newline i d like to go ahead and say i know sex and obedience are nt love and honestly i m a little out of it tonight but , as always , i welcome your feedback . i crave it . thanks :   you know the old saying , one for the road , two for the  newline newline  yeah , shut up ,  i said to my father . we were supposed to be learning how to drive , not how to drink , and if the two ever coincided it was no one s fault but my dad s . i know he was a scientist , not an alcoholic , but sometimes it was hard to tell the difference , you know ?  where are we going , anyways ?  newline newline  you ll see in a minute , alex ,  he said .  turn right here  and watch the cars , now , turn ...  newline newline i turned in , and duly found myself on a empty suburban street i have never seen before . the houses here look run down , a match of sixties architecture and modern art  almost as if the place had been unstuck in time . it reminded me of my mom : the way she d dance and romp like it was 1989 and she was twenty .  dad , this is nt helping me ,  i said , keeping my hands glued to the wheel .  i do nt know this place .  newline newline  well , that s why you re here ,  he said .  to learn about the less explored paths of the city . now you see that house on your right with the number 44 ?  newline newline i looked . the house was unremarkable  and in this neighbourhood , this meant the twostorey , white picket fence , nice garage and garden  variety . but when i got closer i noticed something odd about the place . newline newline the gates were open without the lights being on . newline newline  i see it ,  i said .  do you want me to turn in ?  newline newline he nodded . i turned into the open driveway , and my dad just asked me to park the car anywhere .  i m going to show you something you wo nt forget in a hurry ,  he said .  but first  newline newline he drew up a piece of paper i had never seen before .  the three things i asked you to do . i ll know if you re lying , so answer honestly . did you bring the keys ?  newline newline i nodded , and he fished the keys from my left pocket , almost as if he already knew they were there . he walked over to the rug , where a second , identical set of keys were already there . smiling , he picked up the other set and put mine there . beckoning me over , he unlocked the front door with the other set and showed me in . the house was dark . newline newline  what s going on  i started to say , but my dad s smile hushed me . newline newline  second thing : did you bring the watch ?  newline newline i got my dad s watch out from my pocket . it had nt been working for a long time , but it had some special value or something . i ca nt remember the story now , but it was something to do with my mom and my dad meeting up and getting together for the first time . a long time ago , as they said . newline newline  good , it s still not working ,  he said .  now , this is important : the date slip from the new york times . you got it ?  newline newline i handed him the slip , the one torn from today s front page of the new york times , and he heaved a huge sigh of relief . newline newline  we ll need this ,  he said .  it s like our visa stamp .  newline newline  just what are we doing ?  i said . but in response my dad simply flicked the light switch . newline newline i covered my eyes . in the sudden light my palms were searingly bright . but when i adjusted to the light i nearly passed out in shock . newline newline before me , there was an identical version of the car we had driven to get here , sitting in the living room of this old house . newline newline  that s your new ride , alex ,  he said , beaming and looking every inch the proud father .  take a look at the license plate .  newline newline i did , and i just kept staring .  it s from 2021 ?  newline newline  yes ,  he said .  it s a time machine , alex . the newspaper clipping proves it . and my watch ,  he pulled it out ,  should start ticking away when we leave our current time . it does nt work in this world , but in the future , it might ...  newline newline  will ,  i corrected .  in the future it will ?  newline newline  that s exactly right ,  he said , beaming .  you know the old saying ?  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  one if by land  your keys . two if by sea  visa and passport . three if by air  passport , money and visa . but four if by spacetime  keys , watch and newspaper .  newline newline  that s not four ,  i said , staring at the car , at my dad , who looked every bit as young as myself again . newline newline  right you are ,  he said .  keys , watch , newspaper  and myself . now come on , let s go for a ride !  newline newline   newline newline if you liked this story , check out more of my writing on rkccracker !the sound of the heartbeat monitor echoes in the room breaking the silence every few moments . the smell of disinfectant fills the air , gerald feels a slight sting in his nostrils . gerald sits there silently , his hands clasped between his knees . his eyes firmly locked on larry who is staring back from his hospital bed . newline newline gerald can tell that he does nt have much longer . larry s body is covered in medical equipment and tubes . gerald can see the sadness in larry s eyes . as gerald remembers the times that have long gone by , he slowly starts to develop a smirk . he recalls the games the use to play and the constant running around they use to do . he ca nt help but admit that the memories that will stay with him until the day he dies are all thanks to larry . larry was the one that push him to be better , to get stronger , to face challenges he did not expect , and to adapt . newline newline he would nt have been as great as he would have been if it was nt for larry . he s not sure how he will go on without him . they ve been through so much together . gerald never felt closer to anyone . in a way larry was his soulmate , he knew him through and through . and gerald knew larry better than anyone did . newline newline the sight of seeing larry slowly fade away sickens him . gerald stands up and makes his way over to him . he puts his hand on larry s , their eyes locked . newline newline  this is nt exactly how i expected it to end , not like this . so let s change that then ? let s have this end the way they say it should have all those years ago ,  gerald holds back tears as his next few words leave his lips ,  i m sorry we could nt keep up this game much longer , but if you re going to die , its going to be my hands .  newline newline larry s eyes grow angry . newline newline  i ve let you live despite killing hundreds of people , destroying buildings , and doing unspeakable acts . it only seems right that i m the one that brings your life to a close .  newline newline gerald towards removes the medical equipment that encases larry and wraps his hands around his neck . newline newline  goodbye master disaster .  newline newline and with his last few gasps of air larry whispers ,  goodnight ... cosmic man .  are you buying that or what ?  the young store merchandiser awkwardly looks up at me . he looks like a teenager , considering his appearance of fake glasses and his ridiculously shaped hair . newline newline  no , just browsing .  newline newline  okay , but you ve been staring at that plushy for , like , two hours or so . you re kind of freaking out the others , and me .  he finishes of with what i can hardly call a chuckle .  sir , if you re not going to buy anything , please leave .  newline newline  i  ll buy it .  newline newline i drove down to the cemetery and placed in on my son  s grave . it was his favourite . newline newline  newline newline you can post this on your blog if you want . newlinethe man was intimidating , but i liked him . he was very energetic , and talked with his hands a lot . when he came home from work , he always grabbed his wife and dipped her down before he kissed her . she giggled and squealed and loved it every time . he was also very good to his two children . he taught the older one the boyhow to carve wood and shoot guns . he picked up his little girl and spun her around in the air every day when she got home from school . he was even good to me , never forgetting to feed me my favorite fish food flakes  aqua yum yums . newline newline sometimes he did things i didn  t quite understand . he shot the family dog one time to prove a point , but he felt very bad after wards and cried and cried . the rest of the family forgave him , and so did i. i didn  t really like the dog anyway . one day the little girl was behaving badly , so he took her upstairs and she screamed for what seemed like hours . he must have hurt her very badly , because they were both in tears when i saw them next . the little girl didn  t go to school for a few days after that . newline newline i thought he was a good man , but maybe i was wrong . one night he got very excited , and was explaining something to his wife . she seemed upset and slapped him across the face . then he punched her square in the stomach and she puked all over the floor . he rubbed her face in it and they both cried . then the older boy came up behind him and hit him with a shovel . i think he killed him because there was a lot of blood on the floor , and there was chunky stuff in it that looked like scrambled eggs , only covered in blood . newline newline since then , i haven  t seen any of the family . i think they left me here and forgot about me . it  s been a few days and i  m pretty hungry . what i would do for just a couple flakes of aqua yum yums right now . newline i  m going to kill you someday.  i point forwards , towards an abandoned gas station in the middle of the sweltering heat and the sand .  i  m going to use your intestines as a bowtie and make rivers of your blood.  newline newline he pointed to the same place i did and nodded . his blonde hair , fair skin . he  ll never make it far . it  s amazing that he even got this far . he tried to speak back . incomprehensible . how did he even manage to survive this long only knowing english ? newline newline i suppose that part of it was that he had full military gear on , with an assault rifle and more importantly a canteen . the digital sand colors keeping him half a shadow as long as he kept in the bright . newline newline me , i had nothing . i was just born here . i will die here , no doubt , but not yet . it  s not my time . newline newline we made it to the gas station and i let him clear the building first . i would stand guard up here , i pointed , you go inside . he knocked on the window from the inside and i followed . under the counter , there were literally gallons of water , just sitting there . sealed , fresh , abandoned . it was hope . it was life . i laughed and yelled praise . newline newline  god is great !  newline newline on hearing this , my companion snapped his gun into position , pointed at me . i didn  t even hear the shots . allah find me . save this misguided man . he is searching through my clothes , probing me . i know what he seeks . what he thinks of me . i am just a poor farmer . i meant you no harm . allah save you . newlinetim drunkenly stumbles into his apartment , flops down onto the couch , groans , gets back up and stumbles into the bathroom . after getting somewhere in the neighbour hood of 60 percent of his urine into the bowl and definitely washing his hands once and possibly three times he opens the door walks out and makes it three steps before banging into the wall . newline newline he steps back and groans . newline newline  stupid wall  he says as he punches the scaly wall . newline newline wait . newline newline the wall roars and turns to face him , at which point tim realizes it s actually a trex . newline newline  oh fuck  says tim , diving back into the bathroom and slamming the door shut . newline newline he sits against it breathing heavily . newline newline  what . the shit . was that ?  he says . newline newline he stands up , opens the door and peaks out , then opens it all the way . newline newline where his hall should be , the war of independence is happening . newline newline  uhm  newline newline  what is that ?  says a soldier newline newline  i do nt know let s shoot it  says another newline newline  oh fuck  says tim , slamming the door shut . newline newline a round punches through the door , sending splinters of wood into his ear . newline newline  fuck  he says , opening the door without thinking . newline newline the door opened onto a dirt path where three men wearing red were sitting on horses . newline newline  well i was nt expecting that  says tim . newline newline the men stare at him . newline newline  yeah i guess thatsyeah .  newline newline he shuts the door again and opens it to two robots with badges welded on to their chests . newline newline  you have committed crimes against the space time continuum for which the punishment is death  newline newline  nope  says tim closing the door . newline newline opens it to a desert wasteland where one car covered in spikes chases another car covered in spikes . newline newline  nope  newline newline opens it to a kind singing a document . newline newline  nope  newline newline opens it to a man with some shit on his lip . newline newline  nono wait , ahem , mein furher  says tim , motioning hitler into the bathroom . newline newline he gives him a swirly but does nt kill him because he still holds out hope he ll make it back to the present and if there s one thing that can screw up the present it s killing hitler . newline newline tim pushes a baffled hitler out of the bathroom then closes the door and opens it to his apartment . newline newline  better  he says . newline newline he walks out into the living room . newline newline  who the fuck are you  says three years older tim . newline newline  calm down i m you from the past , bathroom s a time machine , i d suggest not using it but it s your life ,  tim turns to future him s female company then back to future him  good job us  newline newline  wha  newline newline  alright i m drunk and tired andis the holocaust still a thing ?  newline newline  yyes  says future tim newline newline  good , good . hitler right ?  newline newline  yes  newline newline  alright good  then seeing their horrified faces  not good good but you know , did nt fuck up history  to future tim s company  seriously , not a racist  newline newline they stare at him . newline newline  cool . well i m going to crash on the floor if robots show up we were hear all night . alright  tim lies down on the floor and goes to sleep .i could not believe that cynthia s chakra bullshit was rooted in reality . i could hear her now , rambling about spirituality and the third eye , instead of being productive in our group project . i was almost finished emptying the barrel , and there was only one more left .  this is your fucking idea , help out !  i shouted to an empty room . she had probably wandered off in search of energetic rocks , or whatever neo hippies are about . newline newline i wish i could tell you how it began . the truth is lost and tangled amongst chaos . i do remember it involved herpetology class and the parietal eye . the parietal eye is the third eye , but the real one . essentially a modified scale reptiles and amphibians use to monitor how long lightdark periods are . i remember being assigned to work with cynthia , her saying  you know the light is as obscures as much vision as the dark does ? do you know light and dark are the same ? !  as she slithered to sit next to me . i was too hungover to know if she was discussing science or her new age spirituality . newline newline we were supposed to do a literature review , investigate the potentialpossibilityremnants of parietal eyes in other organisms . cynthia was an overachiever , she wanted to prove instead of investigate . we only met and worked in the library basement after 10pm , and she always brought me a tea and insisted i drink it . cynthia had revelations about parietal eyes that she wanted to share with the world . i wanted her to understand that their function was well understood and documented , and that her tea made me feel odd . newline newline i felt the barrel get lighter , as the last of its liquid emptied out . just one more barrel and i have an a . just one more barrel , and i am finished with this school and this crazy bitch . i left the building to get the last barrel from the truck , and on my way out saw no sign of cynthia . newline newline i hope something bad happened to her . newline newline the barrel thudded on the ground , and i began dragging it to the door . the barrel was heavy , it held roughly 24 gallons , but i knew i was not going to get any help moving it . the barrel scraped against dirt , then asphalt , and the linoleum flooring  the sound music to my ears as i neared the room and my project s completion . newline newline  cynthia where the fuck are you ? !  newline newline no answer . good . i heaved the barrel onto the platform , and pried open its lid to begin emptying it into the pipeline . my tormentor was nowhere to be found . i laughed maniacally , glad to be rid of her . newline newline my laughing drowned out the liquid s chugging as it flowed from the barrel . my laughing drowned out the sound of water , roaring in the pipe below . newline newline my laughing drowned out the sound of the four police officers , approaching my backside with guns drawn . newline newline  freeze . stop it motherfucker !  the hammer on one of their pistol s clicked back . i turned my head , no longer pouring the barrel . one of them spoke ,  put the barrel down slowly . raise both hands high in the air above your head , and then slowly turn and slowly walk toward me .  newline newline  sergeant i do nt have vitals on this guy .  newline newline i then noticed the fifth officer , leaning over a crumpled body on the floor . since when was there a crumpled body on the floor ? the pool of blood leaked from the man and surrounded the officer s shoes . i watched it crawl towards me and the pipe . newline newline  where is cynthia ? !  i frantically asked , beginning to walk towards the policemen . the officer who spoke earlier nervously glanced at his comrades and around the room ,  who the fuck is cynthia ? is there someone else here with you ?  newline newline who the fuck is cynthia ? she was the problem ! she was the one they wanted ! they needed to see the texts she sent me , the things she scrawled all over our lab notebook . they just needed to hear this bitch speak . newline newline  keep walking towards me slowly . we got a search warrant for your house ... . found all those lsd tea bottles you keep around . we have security footage of you tweaking out after hours in the basement of the school library . we have cctv of you breaking into the water treatment plant and killing this security guard . son this is not a fucking game ... . this is a public safety issue ... tell me if you are fucking alone or not  newline newline the hammer on another pistol clicked back . i could explain all of this , they just needed to see her texts ! my phone was in my pocket , i could ... . newline newline i reached towards the pocket  officers , i need to  . newline newline they responded . bang . bang .  newline newline it did nt hurt , it was just warm . i looked down and saw blood rushing from my stomache . something dripped off my arm , and i noticed the other wound in my shoulder . newline newline it did nt matter , they needed to see her texts . my knees began to weaken . i took a step forward while raising my arm , extending the cell phone i hoped to give away . things were starting to fade . i waved my arm at the police as the came closer ... newline newline  shit , is that a banana ?  newline newline  oh , fuck . aw what the fuck  newline newline stumbling , i looked at my hand and saw a banana . where was my cell phone ? why did i have a banana ? where was cynthia ? newline newline i collapsed to the ground , knocking over the remaining barrel . things were fading faster . i felt the liquid flow around and over me , watching it drain into the pipe . newline newline i was dying , but so much liquid lsd was on me that i began to feel the effects . maybe now cynthia will come help . newline newline newline newlinei stood in the dark alley as a cold rain fell in torrents . i felt sick , my hands were shaking again and the smell of the city wafted under my nose without notice . i did nt care anymore . there was so much i did nt care for anymore i knew i was never going to be the same . newline newline it was dark and cold as i leaned against a brick wall to steady myself . my head was swimming and the dizziness was swallowing me again . i leaned my head back and felt the cold rain fall on my face taking me back to better times . newline newline i remember the time before the reclassification , when the world was a more normal place . when things made sense . newline newline back then i could go anywhere and get a fix , starbucks were on every corner . back in 2015 i could go to any gas station , any office and just pour myself a cup of joe . back before this so called age of  sensibility  . newline newline it had started innocently enough , a few nonprofit organizations and foundations started by millennials and a handful of health organizations . they started slowly enough , criticizing the obesity in america . then came the attacks on chubby school children . newline newline they started chipping away on the small things . fat intake , transfats , cane sugar . the world started changing and most of us did nt realize it was happening . they got more followers , gained more momentum , found more funding and they just kept going . they were buying politicians and challenging the corporations . they were kooks at first , but within a few years they were the mainstream . newline newline before long strange ballots and bills were appearing , attacking gluten based foods . then high fructose corn syrup , ephedrine and then caffeine . by then it was too late . they had too much power on capitol hill , too many long term medical studies . the president was a vegan so i should have known they were going to get what they wanted . newline newline then it happened . newline newline bill 909b went before the us supreme court and despite the money , the lobbyists and the billion dollars worth of campaigns funds we lost . the day of  sensibility  had come . newline newline there had been riots , mostly backed by pepsi co. employees . the world watched as the snack and beverage industries collapsed over night . many people were laid off , wide spread panic set in . columbia put up international demonstrations . american citizens began to move into mexico at a unprecedented rate . i was in a starbucks when the law came to shut it down . newline newline in the end it was madness . the floors covered in garbage , the windows broken . people were shooting guns outside as the police came with chains . we were lined up outside around the block paying  30 dollars for a latte with a double shot . people were looting the grocery stores . people were dying for a red can of folgers instant coffee . it had become madness . newline newline i heard foot steps approaching and saw my connection , a skinny guy named  larry legs  who was a known dealer in the burroughs . i could see his pale face in the darkness , beady eyes and a slender smile pursed across thin lips . he wore a dark long coat and clutched a package under his arms . i could could smell the arabica beans . newline newline  you got the money ?  he whispered as he approached me looking over his shoulder . newline newline  yes .  i said , pulling out a wad of crumpled up twenties .  you got it ? the dark roast blend ? 10 cup right ?  newline newline he peered over his shoulder and i could see the handle of a gun stashed in his coat . he looked back at me with hungry eyes .  10 cup , but the price has gone up . it s two hundred now .  he said flatly . newline newline  what ? ! ? what kind of bullshit is this larry ?  i spat . i had only brought  150 . i stammered in the rain ,  i can buy crack cocaine for less than that ... ... what can i get for  150 ?  newline newline  nothing . i told you , a 10 cup is  200 !  he said , a anger brewing behind his cold eyes . newline newline i spit at this feet and tried to grab the package . i was nt going home empty handed . i had creamer and sugar waiting for me in my apartment back home . i was nt about to let it go to waste . a tiny cup of half and half was twenty dollars . newline newline he cursed , we struggled in the dark alley . i had the shakes and my vision was blurry . we wrestled and rolled along the brick wall . i had my hands on the package , i could feel the beans inside . i got excited . newline newline suddenly i heard two bright pops ! flashes illuminated in the alley and i could hear sirens in the distance . i felt a hot sensation in my chest as i fell to the ground . i collapsed on the cold wet ground and i could hear larry s footsteps fall in dark pools that quickly grew distant . newline newline all i wanted was a drink , just a good old fashioned cup of black joe . now i was dying in a dark alley , dreaming of a different age . so much for this age of socalled sensibility . there was no sense about it .save for the occasional errant gust of wind through one of the many broken windows , the building was entirely quiet . we had been given three orders : keep the lights off , maintain radio silence , and if you see a freak in a cape then fire at will . i was nt known for my itchy trigger finger , and though i d often been credited with nerves of steel , i was certainly feeling edgy as i paced the long abandoned corridors of the complex . newline newline the boss had nt told me why i was here patrolling , but when it came to the penguin it was usually bad news , so i had nt bothered probing for further answers . i did nt think i was a badguy , but i had no false illusions  i certainly was nt a good guy . i knew who was coming for us , and i knew it would nt be long . newline newline my eyes darted back and worth , scanning every darkened corner for a hint of the caped crusader . i felt a spike of unease as i realized i had nt seen any of the others for the past five minutes .  i did nt hear anything , though ,  i thought to myself , trying in vain to convince myself i was still safe . i had my automatic rifle lifted in front of me , hands tight , safety off . i was spooked , there s no denying that  i was jumping at every little noise that echoed menacingly through the empty building . newline newline that s when i heard it , the whooshing of rush air as something very large caught flight . it sounded like a parachute being deployed , and in my mind i pictured his jetblack cape catching wind as he glided across the room . i spun on the spot , rifle still up , scanning every direction frantically . sweat had fully broken across my brow now , and as i wiped the beads from my forehead i heard a hollow crack from the shadows beyond . newline newline my hands began to quiver uncontrollably , though i fought through it and steadied my rifle as best i could . i was aiming down the hallway now , squinting through the darkness for a hint of the source of the violent sounding percussion . after the longest 30 seconds of my life i decided that enough was enough , and i flicked on the flashlight attachment on my rifle . newline newline lying perfectly still 20 feet ahead of me was another guard , a pool of blood growing steadily around his head . my heart immediately began to jackhammer in my chest  i d never been so scared in my life . newline newline  show yourself !  i screamed desperately , knowing i stood no chance and more than anything just wanting this to be over . newline newline  i was hoping you d say that ,  i heard a raspy voice say from behind me . startled , i spun as quickly as i could , though was met only by the cloaked fist of the batman . i felt a hot rush of blood explode across my face as my nose shattered . alone in the darkened building , everything then went black .it  s a messed up world . i fucking love this song . damn my dick itches . why do i always scratch it automatically ? is it some sort of my genetic code ? i love me some soundgarden . i wonder what matt is up to on sunday . at least it isn  t a ppv weekend . i don  t have to avoid watching wrestling again . why did i let that lapse . i should call and cancel the subscription now . i  ll do it after the appointment . what am i going to write today ? i don  t really feel like writing at all . i know that i need to hone my skill but if i don  t for one day that should be alright . shouldn  t it ? i guess not . time to go grab the vacuum and vacuum . i wish i didn  t have to still do this . damn , why the fuck do i have to shit again ? oh man , that stretch felt like an orgasm . best feeling so far today . i feel so good and relaxed now . remember that time that you pretended to be your professor and wrote this glowing review ? mom had that knowing look like  you  re so full of shit ups  . i can  t believe that it  s been more than ten years already . shit it  s been 5 years almost since i had a smoke . that shit is crazy . i wonder if i  m going to be alone the rest of my life . i could have met up with that chick . it wouldn  t have been that bad . i shouldn  t have just ditched her . that was really shitty to do . so i can count on you ?  newline newline  jesus man . for this ? i would nt miss it for the world .  newline newline  good . you know where you have to be do nt you ?  newline newline  sure do .  the voice at the end of the phone paused for a second .  and listen , if i do nt get the chance to speak to you again ...  newline newline  you do nt have to say it . just be there and bring every ally you have .  newline newline martin hung up and flipped to the next page of his notebook . the next name made him smile slightly as he dialled the number . so far everyone had said yes . the egyptologist harker , legendary warriors the katana twins , agent mike of the gryphon agency , felicity steel , the hacker ... a hundred others who had crossed martin s life were all on their way . tickets were being booked . planes were carrying nervous wrecks to the school . most had sworn they would never come back after the things they d been through . newline newline deep under the atlantic a ghost ship had risen , the pirates who manned it in an eternal in death setting the course . newline newline a doorway between worlds slipped open band the elven horde poured back into the forests they had abandoned so long ago . newline newline colonel jim rafferty , raf , had already given the order . if it had nt been for the school he would never have acted on martin s word . the squadron felt the same . this was for martin . newline newline and lined against them  a single enemy . the battle would start soon . newline newline martin dialled the number . newline newline  hello ?  newline newline  thomas . it s me .  newline newline  i know . i ve been watching the news . everything s converging on you . does that mean ... ?  newline newline  it s crashing . if they re going to invade it ll be now .  newline newline  how can i help ?  newline newline  you can fight .  newline newline thomas did nt answer for a long time . silence hung between them . until . newline newline  i m a detective , martin . i ca nt go to war .  newline newline  we need everyone we can get . you remember what s at stake ?  newline newline  i do .  newline newline  can you see a reason not to fight ?  newline newline the greatest analytical mind the world had ever known thought about it . newline newline  no .  newline newline  so you ll be here ?  newline newline  for the world , martin , yes . sue was the happiest , little girl in the world . newline newline everywhere she looked there was brightness . sometimes , there would be little blue flies dancing in the air around her . maybe a green bug would squish it s way up to her feet as if to say , hello sue !  newline newline she would dip her hands in these beautiful pots of happiness and spread them around her world . her hands would glide in the air , spreading wonderful rainbows full of glee . she would flick her coloured fingers and raindrops would fall , cheering up the world around her . newline newline of course , sue was not alone when it came to spreading joy . beside her was  mr smile ,  her oldest pal of all . mr smile was an older teddybear gentleman , who liked nothing more than to turn something drab into something fab . sometimes sue would leave mr smile to brighten this world himself and she would find him dipping into these natural pools of smiles . his teddybear body would sink into it , like a silly fish , and then burst into the sky to fly like a soaring eagle . newline newline  fly , mr smile ,  sue would shout ,  fly as high as your dreams .  just as sue would finish her shout , mr smile would dip back down to the ground , leaving a golden trail behind him . just as he was about to crash into a beautiful disaster , his wings would spread and he would return to the colourful heavens above . for sue and mr smile , there were no pearly gates but instead , open fields of bouncing blues , glittering greens and ritzy reds . newline newline though , mr smile was not a selfish little bear and he would bring himself back to sue . their hands would meet and they would begin to spin , sending more joy and positivity than the world could ever expect to get . sometimes , they would dance slowly and ripples of mellow yellow would slip out . other times , they would bounce with jolts of purple and pink zooming here and there . of course , they would dance and sing and spread the colour before the darkness fell outside of their world . in fact , this time they had not even noticed the sun go down over there . newline newline suddenly , a door full of red splashes and yellow smiles crashed open . darkness lay behind it but soon , it seeped its poison into the beautiful room . a bear much bigger than mr smile lumbered in , wearing human clothes and carrying a leathery briefcase . but this bear was nothing like mr smile . sue knew that all too well . newline newline a thick paw struck her across the face , darkness immediately descending into the once bright world . muddled screams were heard as the large bear screamed at mr smile and what he had done to this room . though , sue tried not to open her eyes , for she knew the world would be dark again . newline newline minutes later , she lay alone in the blackness of her world . the steel grey briefcase lay in the middle , a sole reminder of the coldhearted conqueror who would rule until the sun came up again . she drew a blanket across her . earlier , it was covered by beautiful liquids with a cool touch but not it was soaked through . no colour but still warm . newline newline she tilted her head up , a shiver of pain biting on her neck . her eyes met with mr smile as he lay unconscious against one of the paint pots . sue s bloody lips twitched a little .  that s what i love about you ,  sue whispered to her sleepy friend .  you always keep a smile . it was all over the news . no wifi , anywhere . i sat on my sofa , eating pop tarts . pulling my phone out of my pocket , a message flashed across the screen . it was from my neighbor . newline newline dude ! i found a wifi point , no lock . it was called mark kernel , so i thought you would know about it .  i certainly did not know about it . i looked down at my arm . three green dots , two of them bleeping . i was a wifi hotspot . newline newline it was no surprise that the media found out . later that day the first media outlet showed up , the next 20 more , this happened for a while until i had enough . i had become a pilgrimage , now living in a museum of sorts , detailing the internet . i was the selling point , you could actually view the internet , which had been in a frozen state since the museum was founded . nobody could post , nobody could edit , they had locked everything . lately , someone had been leaving clues that they could pass the code , post new things . first it was new reddit posts appearing , then 4chan . newline newline there was one post that really grabbed my attention . it was a reddit post . once i saw it , i knew what i had to do . it just said  texas . border . just you mark .  poof . it was gone . hopefully they will not hurt me . maybe they will tell me why . my name is mark . i am wifi . i will find out why and how .the overweight tsa agent scooters over to me with an african accent and pale white face and mutters  are those your bags sir  my response is quick and firm  move or i m going to blow  the tsa agent blows his rape whistle which is wrapped around his neck like a school tie , sweating uncontrollably he screams bomb threat down his radio now freshly coated with spit and grease . shit i ve fucked up now . the voice in my head repeats it again , and again . it s too late to go back now i tell myself . i lean over to the tsa agent and gently blow on his face . maybe i did nt think this joke through . oh my dear god . you literally disgust me.  newline newline i stared into his bright , clear blue eyes . i had been feeling this way for years , but i had no idea how to tell him . but now , the time felt right . this felt like the way . newline newline  the thought of spending my life with you makes me dry heave ,  i said .  i think i would realheave if you ever tried to kiss me.  newline newline tears welled up in my eyes . this was hard and went against all my instincts , but he had to know how i felt . how i loved him more than anything . newline newline decades ago , when i was just a small fetus growing inside my mother  s womb , my parents angered the wrong neighbor . and now , thirtythree years later , i was the one who bore the cross of their mistake . a witch cursed me so thatno matter what i said , the love of my life would always misconstrue my oaths of love . newline newline so , after years of pining , after decades of pledging my devotion only to be confused as someone who only wants to be  friends  at best , i think i  ve found my way out . newline newline  i would rather eat a week old diaper than look at your face a second longer , you fucking douchemonkey.  newline newline i searched his face . what was that look ? horror ? revulsion ? or just shock ? for the first time in my entire existence , i prayed that this confession of my feelings would be misconstrued again . that my true heart might be known through these lies . newline newline  uh ... i ... i never knew that  s how you felt about me ,  he said quietly . newline newline oh god , what had i done . newline newline  i think i  m in love with you , too.  newline newline again , i searched his face for irony or sarcasm and found none . there was just a real reflection of how i felt for him , mirrored beautifully back to me . newline newline  i hate this so much ,  i whispered as our lips finally met . newline newline fuck you witch . i  m going to make this work . my roommate had some leftover pizza in the fridge . me , being  newline newline  have you been playing with rockets again ? was it a prank ?  newline newline  no , officer . this is a completely different chain of events .  newline newline  what does your roommate having pizza in the fridge have anything to do with anything ?  newline newline jim took a deep breath .  well , as any college student is at noon , i was hungry . so i proceeded to eat the pizza , thinking it was mine and i had forgotten about it . i finished the pizza , to realize the last time i had eaten pizza was at a party three weeks ago . it was nt mine .  newline newline  could you cut to the chase , sir ?  newline newline  well , one thing led to another , and you had a jeep stuck on your roof .  newline newline the officer huffed .  i suppose i m going to have to listen to your whole story , are nt i ?  newline newline  after i finished the pizza , i realized it was nt mine . the last time i ate my roommate s food , he swore the next time i ate food that was his out of the fridge , he would make sure that it was going to be the last . whatever that meant , i sure did nt want it to happen to me . so i went to the oven to make a frozen pizza and stepped on his mini roomba and broke it . i preheated the oven and went to my car to get a new one .  newline newline  less details and more events please .  newline newline  well , one thing led to another , and you had a jeep stuck on your roof .  newline newline the officer sighed .  carry on .  newline newline  i got to the store and got the roomba fairly successfully . i returned to the parking lot to realize i had left my keys in my car , and my car had been stolen . it had squealed out of the parking lot just as i got outside . i ran down to the corner of the street to see that he had promptly crashed into a streetlight , which fell and crushed a little old lady .  newline newline  could you try to speed it up ?  newline newline  well , one thing  newline newline  yes , yes , keep going ...  newline newline  that was nt the worst of my problems . i saw smoke coming from the direction of my apartment , and saw that it was on fire . i d left the oven on . so i called 911 , naturally . the fire department arrived and proceeded to put out the fire in record time . in fact , my apartment did nt have much damage to it , and what was damaged was covered by insurance . but that was a few days later . the person who stole my car apparently got a gang together , because he and his buddies mugged me .  newline newline  for the last time , how did a jeep get on my roof ! ?  newline newline  they forced me at gunpoint to get in their jeep and empty my wallet and pockets . while they took my things , i memorized the license plate of the jeep . turns out , their driver was very drunk and he managed to use scaffolding for the skyscraper construction project as a ramp to launch himself onto your building .  jim looked at his watch .  my roommate is probably home from his vacation right now , wondering where his pizza is .  newline newline tl  dr : one thing led to another and a jeep ended up on the officer s roof . newline newline edit : whoops , sorry , did nt see it was a rooftop office . added tl  dr if i keep getting up to do chores , i am going to lose this weight . how can i be a jolly fat man when i have to take the trash 200 yards to the dumpster through this snow storm 3 times a day ?  newline newline santa claus was grumpy today , but mrs. claus was used to his moods . her rebuttal came out faster than a striking snake ,  you were fat 50 pounds ago . if you keep putting on weight , we are going to need more reindeer this year . since you insist on three organic fresh cooked meals per day , there is a lot of trash . if you want to cook for yourself , i would be happy to take the heaps of trash to the bin . lord knows i need the peace and quiet almost as much as you need the exercise.  newline newline they had done this dance so many times that neither of them were upset by the exchange . santa laughed and picked up his little red phone . they could hear his voice over the loud speaker in the elf quarters across the snow covered yard .  a 30 minute break on christmas eve to the first four of you lazy cretins at the front door.  newline newline ten seconds later , there was a thundering roar outside as thousands of little feet bolted for santa  s door . breaks on christmas eve were the most coveted prizes on the north pole . santa looked out the window at the carnage with a smirk on his face . he opened the door and selected his victims . the remaining elves slowly slunk back to their building cursing their faster brethren for stealing the break out from under them . newline newline santa heaved two outrageously humongous bags of trash at the four winners . they knew the trip to the trash would take them several hours and that they risked freezing to death in the cold . but the prize was too good . a 30 minute break during the last 24 hours of the christmas slog almost guaranteed that they would survive . until then , they would be treated like celebrities . every elf would trade anything for the chance at one of those breaks . newline newline the four elves finished the garbage drop about 3 hours later and very late at night . as usual for this type of  favor  , they were required to check in with santa to confirm completion . when they knocked on the door , mrs. claus answered and handed them their break coupons . exhausted , they returned to their bunks to sleep for the remainder of their one day off for the month . it was hard being an elf , but today they smiled and felt like kings . newlinefrom personal perspective , it did nt seem like a big deal . newline newline a few mortals here and there learn about their divinity ... newline newline what could the harm be ? newline newline an enticing writing prompt shows up on reddit . the nearhipster levels of obnoxiousness and self absorbtion will drown out any and all words i d have to write . newline newline even if one of the mortals caught wind of the serious message that s beneath the innocent seeming words , it would simply label them a heretic in their own environment . after all ... we re all just simple humans ... right ? newline newline what is a hero ... ? what is it to be human ? are they really just measurement points on standards to aspire towards or away from ? who knows ... ? only the observer knows really ... newline newline and yet with all this natural safety net in place ... all this social stigmatism of the truth ... it somehow burned through ... newline newline the so called mortals have learned the truth ... newline newline the idea called identity which is just a chain of memories is nothing special ... newline newline the concept of death which prevents us from living as we truly wish to live ... just an idea ... an imaginary line we dare ourselves to never cross ... newline newline it wo nt be long now before the one true observer realizes what this is ... what this place and its people really are ... a distraction from the truth . newline newline we re alone . newline newline all of us . newline newline it does nt matter how you skew it ... or disguise it through ideas and concepts ... we are all one ... and that means ... you are alone . the secret of the facade is up . newline newline you ve played human long enough ... it s time to wake up . to really wake up like never before . i just hope you re ready ...i watched the two crazed little animals talk , and yet their conversation seemed to go nowhere . it was as if they were in their own worlds , and yet they somehow managed to construct a race . i waddled to the finish line and sat down as porcupine and oppy set up the last poles . a few of the animals shook their heads , knowing this would nt turn out well , including myself . newline newline the rabbit started speeding ahead , a few seconds before the start flag was even waved , and then the stupid turtle took his time , barely even going . but what really threw me off was how the rabbit started speeding in circles and trying to climb trees off the path as turtle just inched forwards . i knew this was a stupid idea . rabbit was always so idiotic . then , in the stupid rabbit s frenzy , he just fell on his back and slept . after what felt like an hour , turtle crossed the finish line and rabbit woke up , cursing the sky . yup , stupid . period . newline newline  newline newline you ll ask that tortoise to race . you ll hope up to him and challenge him . you ll ask him to race and you ll defeat him . you ll ask him if he wants to race . he ll nod , and you ll hop right up to the starting line . you do nt waste time . you ll spin around these curves , you ll climb these trees . you now really wish you did nt take those sleeping pills . you feel yourself twitch , you feel that sleeping pill seriously mess with you , and you ve woken up to find the turtle win . you re cursing at the sky for your obsession of thinking in the future . you re beating yourself up for thinking up so many you s ... . newline  newline he s never been that crazy . when he got cursed by that witch , he started thinking in the past . he stared at the rabbit , who had spoken so fast to him he just nodded a hello . he looked at stork , who placed him at the start line ... why was there a banner ? he shrugged it off , a smile was on his face as he waddled to the river for a snack . mom , i do nt understand why we have to do this . i love being 243789493890498478 .  newline newline mom , just shook her head .  darling , there s nothing like getting your name ! its.. it s ...  newline newline she gestured expansively . probably meaning something about all the stuff that was out there in the world , like rainbows and puppies and volcanos and random acts of kindness . newline newline i followed her through the door , shaking my head .  yeah , yeah . i just do nt understand why everyone has to make a big deal out of it . it s just a name .  newline newline  it s your name . it s yours and only yours .  newline newline i laughed under my breath , a little winded .  you re not the only reia sakoda .  newline newline she grinned back at me .  yes , but i m the only one that is your mother . now , look ! he s here !  newline newline the darkskinned gentleman tipped his hat , as he walked up the steps . the shiny briefcase had envelopes in it . dozens of them , maybe even a hundred . today , this man was going to deliver names to people who were old enough to finally know who they were meant to be . newline newline  hello , 243789493890498478 .  he knelt an opened the case , pulling out one crisp , white envelope .  i believe this is yours .  newline newline  thank you .  newline newline  newline newline  dear 243789493890498478 ,  newline newline  congratulations !  newline  your name is alex sakoda .  newline newline  the international bureau of names newline newline  newline newline  alex !  mom hugged me tightly .  that s a beautiful name .  newline newline i crumpled the letter in my hands , trying to breathe evenly . alex . my name was alex . nice . useful . newline newline  mom , it s time for my dose .  newline newline she glanced at her watch , gasping in surprise .  oh , right !  newline newline she scurried back inside as i turned my wheelchair around . newline newline  alex .  newline newline the man s voice was surprisingly high pitched , with a slight tremor . newline newline i spun my chair around , all of waist high and annoyed .  yeah ?  newline newline  we at the bureau wanted to give you this , off the books .  newline newline a small box . he placed it in my hands and turned away . his shape receded in the distance , past the gate and into the street . hundreds of envelopes . hundreds of them . newline newline  alex ! hurry !  newline newline   newline newline my parents slept in the room above mine . sometimes they would talk into the night . sometimes they would yell . i heard something breaking once or twice and i did nt know if they were objects or voices that were crashing into each other . newline newline when their noises stopped and their creaking ceased , i pulled the package out from under my pillow . small . plain white paper , maybe even printer paper . actually , definitely printer paper . it broke away easily . newline newline inside was a small toy . the kind that you could look through and see pictures in . it was old , that was easy to say . definitely older than the oculus rift dad had in the garage and refused to let go . newline newline i held it up to the face and in the dim light of the room , i could make out nothing . it was empty . newline newline inside was a small card , more like a scrap of the same paper they used to wrap the paper in . newline newline  to reset the game , pull the lever .  newline newline i pulled the lever . newline newline   newline newline eta : formattingoliver cromwell stopped on the corner of high street and the muddy intersection leading to the slums , his breath coming in great gulps as he tried to catch his breath .  where did he go ?  he asked himself as he heard footsteps come pounding up the street behind him . wheeling around he brought his revolver to bear on his partner and subordinate ana st. james . he could see her shadow , a tiger , pawing the ground restlessly as she stopped beside him on the corner . newline newline  see where he went ollie ?  she said inbetween gasps . ollie shook his head and then he snapped his head towards glass breaking . he took off at a dead run and rounded the well paved corner of the high street shopping district , a place that cater to the extremely rich , from candy to firearms . newline newline then ollie , spotted the bastard , or more his shadow , the terrible mass of limbs and faces , all looking like they were screaming , reaching out for help . newline newline  jack jackson , or jack the ripper ! halt in the name of the king !  ollie yelled from across the street as jack turned and his body was shown in bright lamps of high street , he could have been going to a society party . he had lost his top hat in the scuffle with the flying squad lads who had caught him , but jack was deadly with a knife and killed them both , but as he fled from the scene of the fight ollie had put a bullet in his shoulder , that is how they had tracked him , the blood he left behind . newline newline  sent the shadeless and his tigress after me did they ? figured you d be the one to put me in my pine coat .  his voice was cultured and soft , he was nobility alright  just like ollie s original theory . it was the only way he could have been slipping the noose for years without being caught .  well copper , you caught me ,  jack said as he approached with his hands up in surrender ,  take me away to the noose .  his gentleman like bearing was beginning to crack as the monster showed through . newline newline  ana , the irons .  ollie growled through grinding teeth as he held out his hand . she placed the heavy wrist irons in ollie s calloused hand while keeping her own piece pointed at jacks head . ollie approached and roughly clapped them into place , intentionally over tightening them . newline  tell me something shadeless , did i kill someone you cared about , i do tend to get around , maybe even to the outskirts of the city .  jack hissed through his pain , trying to get a rise and it was working . newline newline  shut your face , scum !  and ollie slammed a fist into jacks mouth sending him flying to land heavily on the smooth cobble stones . newline newline rubbing his jaw jack sat up and chuckled .  now , now , struck a nerve did i ? well let me think , who would be forgiving enough and gentle enough to go with a shadeless ... .  jack trailed off as ollie told st. james to find a flat foot and send him running for a wagon and some flying squad boys . she left at a brisk run . then jack started again .  i know ! it was that beautiful red head , nice knockers on her alright , and her shadow , a swan , my , my you sure know how to pickem .  ollie turned towards him and drew his revolver from its place under his left shoulder . he roughly picked up jack and walked him to the nearest wall , the side of a candy shop , her shop . newline newline  fitting do nt you think jackie , its the same alley you attacked , raped and then carved up my jennifer , now you son of a bitch , i ll see you in hell .  ollie raised the revolver to jacks head and pulled the trigger . the bullet tore through jacks skull and splattered his brains over the red bricked building . jack slid down the wall leaving a gory trail of blood , bone and brain matter until he sat down in the overly clean alley . light from the lamps showed the monstrous shadow break up and fade away , like with all of them , when death comes , the shadow goes with you  some think as your next body . as this thought played through his head , ollie removed a cigar from his vest pocket and struck a match off the side of jennifer s shop .  jesus , she d have killed me for that .  ollie said out loud to himself as he puffed merrily on his cigar and scratching at his beard . newline he turned as he saw st. james and what looked like the entire flying squad coming up the street with the rising sun at their backs . he began walking towards them and when he did nt stop st. james called out  where ya headed ollie ?  ollie stopped and looked at her , he meant it to be a knowing look . newline newline  i ll be up at st. micheal s , if anybody wants to talk to me tellem i m with the wife .  with that oliver cromwell walked off into the rising sun a happy man . newline newline edit : spacing i ve told you before , and  sigh  i ll tell you again , this birthmark just looks a bit like a dragon , it s not special , its not magical , it s not some sign that i m destined to defeat evil or anything at all . and to be honest i m tired of saying this over and over .  newline newline i pulled on my coat , checking my pocket for my keys , security pass for work and my phone . all there . i locked the door and made my way down the driveway to my car and climbed inside . newline newline  but if your not special and have no destiny , then whats the point of it all ?  , said my birthmark in a voice like a whiny child  not for the first nor the last time  . newline newline i sighed again and pulled the car onto the road and headed to mcdonalds to start my shift . newline newlinethe old man watched his grandson grow from a tiny baby with beautiful brown eyes and dark skin into a young man . the old man debated who should be given the gift . for all of his life , the power was his . he hoarded all of it , not out of greed but out of fear . anyone else with all the power and all the knowledge was liable to lose their mind . he had searched the world for a successor . he had tried to breed one . many of his children were close , but he was not satisfied until his grandson was born . he d always known since he was granted the power , but he always doubted . his grandfather had always told him to doubt the power . newline newline as a young man , he had not been wise with it . used it as a young man would . since then , he had allowed the wisdom in . this lifetime was more trying than humanity had ever seen . sixteen separate times he had stopped the end of the world . now , a different path lay ahead of humanity . the earth was being used up . humans had to leave it , but he had been so grounded here . he did not want to leave . he wanted to stay , but he could nt bring himself to fundamentally change humanity to save the planet . he believed free will should still exist . not all of his predecessors felt the same , but time is running out for him now . newline newline  newline newline sanjaya rushes in to see his grandfather who lies on a cot . he kneels in the dirt beside him . sanjaya s mother and father sit in the room with his uncles and aunts . his grandfather waves them away with what little strength he has . his children groan . newline newline  let me ... talk to ... my ... grandson .  newline newline sanjaya grabs the hand of his grandfather . he holds it tight and thinks about all of the time he spent with him . so many good memories . newline newline  give me your ... hands .  newline newline sanjaya does . the old man grabs them tenderly . sanjaya looks at him with sad eyes . newline newline  do not look at me with those eyes , sanjaya . i know more than you may think . i have to show you something before i go . stay right there .  newline newline the old man squeezes his grandson s right hand . the boy is taken to a future where he walks on the surface of mars . he spreads his knowledge to the greatest minds on earth who want to leave it . then , sanjaya returns to the present . the old man squeezes his grandson s left hand . the young man is still on a peaceful balanced earth . there is no war . the planet is healthy . great minds surround him here near home . sanjaya comes back . newline newline  i give you my power . it is up to you to decide which path to follow , but you have to choose one .  newline newline sanjaya looks at him intently .  are you vishnu ? shiva ?  newline newline  yes and no , but now you are it . i grant you my power .  newline newline  i am not worthy .  newline newline  no grandson , you are . you have a difficult path ahead of you . you have to choose .  newline newline  no grandfather , both paths are possible . i will not choose one . i choose both .  newline newline  humanity may die .  newline newline  you knew what i would choose . you know what happens . this is the path that you wanted humanity to take but a path you were not able to choose .  newline newline  my boy , even the almighty can have doubts and weaknesses .  he says with a smile .  hug me one more time .  newline newline sanjaya hugs the old man . when he pulls away , his grandfather has passed . tears stream down his face . he yells for his family . sanjaya stands and backs away from his grandfather . he sees a grain of rice on the floor . he raises to the level of his eye . it falls to the ground . with trying , he sees into the future . sanjaya smiles , just a little , through his tears . newline newline  thank you , grandfather .  newline newline  newline newline i have more stories at rnickkuvaas . check it out . well , shit .  newline tom stood in his living room . he watched as a pretty , young reporter on television relayed the news . it did nt sound good . newline he took another sip of beer and sat down . newline reception up in the mountains was nt great , but he caught bits about reports of a  black mass  appearing on the horizon . people were posting pictures on twitter , apparently . newline  what a year ,  tom said to himself . first his dog of nine years , and the rising death tolls in the middle east , and now this . newline he noticed the reporter looked distressed . apparently it was some sort of void swallowing up the earth . it seemed unreal . newline he finished the beer and rose slowly . outside it was peaceful . tom s gaze shifted from the purple mountains and pine trees to the blue sky . he could see a darkness in the distance . he grabbed a bottle of whiskey and sat on his porch steps , singing to himself . newline  bye , bye , miss american pie ... they came out of the shadows . sir foster s eyes widened in shock as they surrounded him . newline newline  surprise !  they all chimed in at once . newline newline  what the ?  newline newline a chorus broke out . newline newline  for he s a jolly good hero , newline for he s a jolly good hero , newline for he s a jolly good hero , newline which nobody can deny .  newline newline princess fiona pushed her way to the center and hugged sir foster .  happy birthday dear .  they shared a kiss and a cheer rose from the crowd . newline newline  what ? how did you ?  sir foster looked at the crowd of gnomes , pixies , fairies and humans gathered at the mouth of the dragon s den . they were more than he could remember . newline newline  how could we forget your birthday ?  a gnome in the back shouted . newline  it was all zazaleis s idea ,  said fiona . the dragon straightened a bit at the mention of its name . newline newline  zazaleis ? why ?  newline newline  ever since you defeated the warlock trilo i ve been free . i no longer have to attack your people and can go explore the world for that sir foster i am eternally grateful .  newline newline  but i thought ?  newline newline  what ? i was a loyal steed for the dark lord ? no i was under as much duress as anyone here the fight left me injured , could nt say anything , but it s been a year and well ... consider it a token of appreciation . i know you said no party because you re on a budget but i m financing everything . wait till you taste the mead i made . could get anyone under my duress .  newline newline  hey !  a pixie cut in ,  there will no more talk of duress ,  . they had been under servitude the longest and had nt got over it completely . newline newline  you have to see the cake we baked dear .  fiona said as she pulled him into the den . the crowd followed singing happy birthday to sir foster . newline newline newline  newline newline for more of my stories check out rpagefighter newline newline newline newlinei have nt written anything in years  since i was a child aspiring to be an author  and recently i ve been wanting to write , though i do not have any ideas for a story or know where to start . so tonight i tried to write as if a story was beginning , though i do not know where it leads . i am posting it here to have any useful thoughts because i really want to start writing again but i m afraid i ve lost my creativity on the way . also , english is not my first language and i try my best not to let it show ... anyway , thank you for reading and for any useful comment on this rather raw piece of writing . newline newline  newline newline maggie had never been much of a dreamer . she was only six when her father tried to tell her the story of fairies , werewolves and witches . he  d try to make her laugh by imitating a very talkative , enchanted duck , and to scare her by talking of the great wizard who had cursed the princess . most of the times , she  d just frown and say  no , daddy , no  . that was it . her imaginative , creative daddy would insist , but to no avail . castles were not enchanted , forests were not haunted , wolves were wolves and men were men . no , daddy , no . frustrated , he  d find comfort in the thought that she  d make her mommy proud . born of an unexpected union , maggie looked so very much like her father , with her dark curls and bright blue eyes . yet , as she grew up , he soon came to realize that she was every bit like her mother in all other aspects . frankly , you could say she was badtempered . often , peter would wonder how such an adorable looking child could behave like such a manipulative monster . maggie was kindhearted , by all means , but she had a way to decide how she wanted things to go and to stick to it . just like her mother before her . compared to the creative peter , julie was much more of a realist . they had met each other at school , not knowing , then , what a life they would eventually have together . years later , in a different place , they met again as two awkward teenagers who only had music in common . peter , as an aspiring guitarist during his teenage years , and julie , as a talented listener . she was not very good at any instrument , though peter would encourage her to sing along , but she enjoyed to sit back and listen . this tiny , fragile bond between two bored people in a lost town had eventually grown into a much deeper relationship and , fast forward a decade , maggie was born . many twists and turns later , maggie was there , sitting on her father  s lap , asking him to stop with the silly stories . she wanted to know about the planets and the stars , and why the sky was blue , and why slugs were afraid of salt , and why would some people die old and others young . she was always buzzing with questions about virtually anything she could think of , and some days her father would find it tiring . but , remembering her mother  s thoughtful look that she used to take when reading about something new , he would try to answer the best he could to the little girl  s neverending flow of curiosity . newline newlinedr.martin report to room a162 for patient checkup . newline newline i ca nt believe this is what earth has come to do for energy . reaping the energy from inside our own kind to fuel our greedy , selfish needs . newline  another one annice ? that s the 20th one this morning !   i just say what the big man tells me to .  replied annice with a sigh and look of disbelief . newline i sulk my way down to the patient s room preparing my speech to tell my patient how they will be transformed into energy to fuel our hospital . newline  hello mark . how was your day ?   horrible , dr.martin . just suck my soul dry and let me die in peace .  newline i put the plug in the socket and start up the machine . the engine makes a low roar and the lights flash on . the nurse from earlier starts to attach the iv drips to mark s arm , but he tells her no and says he wants to go out  naturally .  newline the machine starts to repeat user messages on how to start the sorrow reaping . mark gives off one final sigh of pain and closes his eyes for the final time , never to reopen them again . newline the nurse does nt even blink at the sigh of death anymore . you can tell she is already to used to it . i press the buttons the machine tells me to do and before 5 minutes passes it is over . his sorrow reading only show 187 watts , a lower number . not much people must have felt sorry for him . newline i for one do though , i have to go through this procedure every day and pray that i do nt lose my feeling for life , unlike annice . the intercom blares ,  dr.martin report to the main office to report your operation .  i ca nt take this much more , but i must go on to fuel the energy costs of the world . newlinemaria , newline newline thinking of you all today . things aren  t getting better out here . there  s not many of us left . the recruits are younger and younger . most of them don  t last much more than a week but there are still a few naturals . i don  t know what the reels back home are saying  things are pretty grim but we have one last trick up our sleeve . one last chance . i can  t say much but you  ll soon know all about it . newline newline with any luck we  ll finish this and i can walk through our gate again . i hope you  re still waiting . i  ll remember this day as the turning point . newline newline today is not that day . you will soon know all about it .  newline newline i will never walk through that gate .  newline newline we are coming for you .  newline newline xxx do you like daft punk ?  newline newline harold martinson is a profane statue leaning against my bar , his jagged picasso features all jumbled together , discolored , seething , and in them i can see the ghastly reflection of his blind sculptor . thirty dead milky eyes cast through some forgotten space , slithering over me and drinking up the nothing that i am . newline newline  yeah , you know , they re alright ,  he says . he is a man just awakening from some dark dream , and the grey eyes pierce me , and for a moment i am drowning in their banal neutrality , their dreaded senseless bleached futility . newline newline  while their early work was far too brash for my tastes , i believe their 2001 album discovery is an aptlytitled glimpse into postmodern electronic music  a bold , elegant , often darkly profound exploration into the inherent confusion and mesmerizing jubilation of progressive society as filtered through the vibrance of youth ,  i m pacing now , growing more animated , every chiseled edge of my body sleek and shining with some exotic venom .  the opening tracks seem almost meticulously designed to rail against established boundaries , whereas such instant classics as harder , better , faster , stronger shatter them altogether with the duo s trademark surgical precision . although they have been compared to dead mau5 or skrillex , i believe they possess a more inherently optimistic message  a sort of electric current flowing just beneath their masterful facade which breathes new life into an already vast and often colorless landscape .  newline newline i hid the electric drill in the medicine cabinet in the bathroom . i can feel it calling to me now , and masterson is as stupidly void as ever . i recoil in horror as a nugget of shit bounces merrily down his right pantleg and rolls madly across the floor . a fever dream ? i ca nt help but wonder what his eyes taste like . newline newline  hey bateman ?  newline newline  yes harold !   i call from the bathroom . newline newline  why s there plastic all over the furniture ? you remodeling or something ? the place sure could use it , buddy . too much ... white .  newline newline  no harold !   dancing backing into the living room now , electric spinning death .  in 2005 , they released this , human after all , which featured a commanding and tragically underappreciated piece known as technologic . it s a driving expedition into the heart and mind of society s modern ditchdigger , a monotonous , even droning masterstroke which paints a stark portrait of contemporary existence in a world so technologically dependent that our most sacred core , our humanity , must be laid on the proverbial line to feed the machine . hey harold !   newline newline there s a brief spark of life in his disturbed children s puzzle of a face , and then the drill is whining and spinning and piercing that soft , precious little spot just behind the chin and into his rusty throat . jagged strips of flesh tear from quivering meat and trembling chaotic bone , and he gurgles and spits and spews his final animal cry , a limp and altogether hollow sentiment . newline newline taste that cock fuckeeeeer !  i hear myself crying over and over and over again and i can feel the devastating wet blackness patter against my cheeks and it s savory , it s sweet , like morning dew sucked from honeysuckle petals , and i am alive . i am human . i am dancing precariously along the edge of frail mortality and diving headlong into the gathering black . newline newline human after all . how very fucking apt . how is that possible ?  i whispered to myself as i watched the woman input a command in the console to make us warp to the other side of the universe .  i m a scientist and i know that physics does nt allow for this .  newline newline  what was that , john ?  she asked me as she turned around to face me . her smile was rather kind , but it looked as if she knew something that i did nt . newline newline  you ca nt fool me , selma . we are still in the same part of the universe , we have to be . science states so !  i responded , still confused and angry that she was lying to me . newline newline suddenly , a video popped up on our screen .  hello , we are the orgh , a race of aliens from a faraway planet ! we are going to drag you in with our photon beam !  said an alienlooking man on a screen in front of me . newline newline  the fermi paradox makes this impossible ! he s even speaking english , he looks human , and they are far away but have a tractor beam on us made of photons . photons ! how is that even possible  i responded with a lot of hate toward both people . newline newline they looked at me in shock , and then looked at each other . selma nodded at the man from the  orgh  race , and an alarm was set off . selma pulled out a mic and said into it ,  code red has started . he knows .  she turned to me and pulled out a megaphone .  you re fired !  newline newline i stared in shock at her as i walked offstage . i was too scientific to play a role in a science fiction movie , and they all knew it . never was i able to hold back from telling people the mistakes in science they had made .  we do have a job for you ,  the director said as i was about to walk out of the door , and handed me a laptop . newline newline  what s this for ,  i asked , still confused . newline newline  we need you to blog about this . the knights of our realm are the only ones taking interest in our film , we need to get the mages and the orcs interested in our film genre ,  the director stated as he handed me the laptop . newline newline  deal , but i still do nt know how mages can exist . us knights use science that says that mages should nt exist in every battle ,  i replied with a halfhearted smile . maybe this could make my life better . newline newline                                                                    newline newline i hope you liked it ! i thought that the twist at the end would be a nice touch . newline newline edit : added this bottom bit .edit : strayed a tad bit from the prompt . newline newline he entered the elevator with me . at first i doubted . a mere coincidence , nothing more . yet when he politely smiled at me , i saw the smile i saw long ago and the blue eyes in sunken sockets and was not mistaken . newline newline he was much older , his hair gray and thin . when he pressed the floor button , i marveled at the liver spots and wrinkles scribbled on his skin like the map of some desolate nation . newline newline i pictured him in his ss uniform , and how he looked in it back then and how he took me away from my mother and how i never saw her again . he stood with his heels together . even in old age , some of his military bearing was still not entirely lost . newline newline i thought about how he hit my brother when he drew a star of david in the dust . he screamed like a small girl and then i never saw him again . and how we celebrated passover by smuggling bits of unleavened bread in the soles of our shoes . they were crumbs when we ate them . newline newline the images of dead jews stacked like a mountain . naked , starved . skin hanging on bones like wet clothes on a line . newline newline the elevator opened , it was my floor . i stepped out and faced him . he looked up at me . newline newline i said ,  shalom .  newline newline his eyes widened and his mouth opened slightly . the door shut . newline newline i wept bitterly . kevin , from lancashire  newline newline oy foker i foking kno yoi foker like i foking dunno that foking face you mcallister foker . newline newline  kevin , from mcallister  newline newline ay foker what you even foking talking bout i do nt foking kno you foker like i just fokin kevin man what da fuck u talkin bout foker ? newline newline  kevin , from lancashire  newline newline ya bloody fok cunt like i foking gon fokin guy u foker like foker i foking got foking likethin blade foking custo fokuin sharknife foker . newline newline  kevin , from mcallister  newline newline foker like you foking brin foking sharknife fokin allwhere foker like foking to foking mess where foking you foking stp me and i foking stb you bk with my fokin knife like when yo fokin learn all foker look like a bush fokin carry foking sharknife to fok kill other now foking neither fokin have foking medevac so how bout foking i agree no foking stap foking in gut with foking shark kife i foking tell you , agree  foking no sharknife foking hed . then foking we go fro dere to fokin no foking nif other parts and foking we go from there , foker . newline newline  kevin , from lancashire  newline newline like you fokin try to foking feint again fokker like i fokin like fokin bretin so foker i not foking stabin you foker but you foking mak 1 mov foke newline newline  kevin , from mcallister  newline newline foker like you foking stap first for real foker and you foking get stab first only on foking dead breath you foking able to fok me up  and i like , foking , half ya fokin weight foker why yo foking even choose foking duel by sharknife anyway foker like really i foking got just foking exoskelly like what u afraid skelly foking gon gib you up and i foking just dow here like thx mr skelly  while u foking fullsize sklly foking lost to foking leverage ? newline newline  kevin , from lancashire  newline newline oy ya to gam cunt like i foking los foking leg to foking you foking agment foking sharnife foking shit and now i foking have skelly and foker like i do nt fok care foker i fok you up with foking sharknife you fok keep talk like that . newline newline  kevin , from mcallister  newline newline yo wan fok sorry ? fok sorry . that what i foking say fok sorry i fok sharknife you like you fok challenge to sharknife duel like what u gon do foking besid foking sharknife fokin back you know ? newline newline  kevin , from lancashire  newline newline like foker i just foking wan u foking stand down but foker u lil fok fient shit fok spook me like foker i foking gon stab thro fok temple but yo fok tink fokin skull foking just absorb foking like bastkeball co2 like yok nothing . newline newline  kevin , from mcallister  newline newline foker ! like me fokin head like fuck swell up to foking basketbal caus fokin no growthpatefoking fusion and foking this what you fokin say ? head just fok take sharknife like nothing ? i fokin ez kill u foking i stap fo had but foke i fokin short so i just fakin hobbit yo fokin ass you foking kno i foking knw fokin frodo mate like he foking blood bro man like i fokin have foking he neuroherpes they fokin giff me streng foker like fok you foker ! newline newline  peeves , the scintillating grenadier  newline newline oy pbys that s enuf ya conts with foking cali foking grl foking likespeek  wot da fok u even fok duin foking type like dat foker like what you fok doing choosin foking avatar like fokin animorph yaoi foker like fok shit man . newline newlinethe first thing i heard was the screaming . my vision was blurry , and there were people all around me.. someone was screaming something , my name ? it called out desperately ,  thomas ! thomas are you there ?  slowly the mess of blurry colors sharpened to show 2 people in front of a fortified building , one of them was calling me , the other was pulling him back ,  he s dead roy , there s nothing you can do .  this was obviously not true ! i stood up and started waving my hands frantically , but roy seemed to realize the futility of the situation and left willingly . that s when i realized the nature of the crowd i was in . they were horrid looking things , shambling about , zombies . but , why were they ignoring me ? was i ... no , it could nt be ! not like this , i looked down at my chest , there was a huge gash in what used to be my chest cavity . i could nt help it , i started screaming , it came out rasping , as if my vocal cords did nt have the strength to power the scream . all the zombies stopped at once and with feverish energy , started scrambling about and looking for the source of the humanoid scream , after several minutes , they seemed to calm down and went back to moaning and groaning like idiots . why was nt i just like them , moaning and groaning like a mindless blob of rotten flesh ? did fate not think it was cruel enough to take my life and turn me into a zombie , but also to give me the mind of a man ? i lay down on the ground , trying to cry , no tears come out though , all the fluid in my body had been sucked out or dried . one zombie , taking me for a dead body , attempts to bite into my arm , i jerk it away ,  shoo ! get away !  i rasp , the zombie confusedly shambles off . i sit there for a bit , figuring out what to do , screams ring out through the street , no doubt more mindless zombies being created ... i pinch myself , thinking this is a dream , unfortunately the skin comes peeling right off painlessly . i guess this is real alright . suddenly , the sound of shotguns go off , a cluster of bullets shred through the zombies on my right , uncertain and disoriented , i see the ragged looking humans . it s the two from before , i look at them , suddenly i m very hungry , like a mad hunger coming from the pit of my soul , i look at the pair of humans with a mix of hunger and repulsion , the two natures of my body and brain clashing . before i can decide which action to act upon , the one that was called roy stares me in the eyes , a flash of recognition showing across his face .  thomas ! you re alive !  . the other man , with a grim look on his face , walks up with a gun in hand .  that s not thomas anymore ...  i suddenly realize what he s about to do , and i frantically start trying to explain what happened , but all that comes out is a series of incomprehensible moans , this seemed to harden the man of any hesitation he would ve had , he took aim ... newline newline the last thing i heard was the screaming .i woke up in the bed i was so used to waking up in . i looked around my room , trying to get a bearing as to where i was . there was a pink floyd poster on my wall , which i got for christmas when i was 15 . which means that i had a calendar in my closet . i swung the door open . march 2004 . i had no means of telling the exact date , but i had gone back in time almost 12 and a half years this time around . i was wearing pajamas , so i bolted downstairs and looked for my family . newline newline when i got downstairs , i smelled bacon and eggs . my mom was cooking breakfast , which signified it was a weekend . my dad was sitting in his chair , sipping coffee and reading a newspaper . as soon as he saw me , he smiled and set down his coffee . newline newline  happy birthday , champ !  he roared , causing my mom to jump . immediately my mind began to go into panic mode . how could my birthday have caused my death ? i smiled at my dad and said  thanks , dad . glad to see i m getting a special breakfast out of it !  newline newline my mom smiled at me and said ,  you will be getting more than just a breakfast .  then , she walked out of the kitchen , only to return moments later carrying a large box . newline newline as i tore into the giftwrapped box , i began to feel more and more anxious . fake layer after fake layer of wrapping paper and boxes came off until my memory was suddenly sparked . i tore off the last layer with dread in my stomach . i opened the small box and realized why this was the reason i came back to far . newline newline in the final box was a set of keys to the 2003 toyota camry i was driving when i died .it was a day like any other in our little village . i was standing outside my smithy , examining a severely notched sword i had bought the day before , in the hopes that i would be able to reforge it into something more valuable . the sound of a horse approaching in a furious gallop gave me pause in my work . another nilfgaardian soldier come to harass us ? or some poor soul who strayed off the road to take a shortcut through the woods , now fleeing the horrors therein ? no , neither . the man i saw coming on the road to the village did not look like a man being pursued , but rather like a faraway traveller weary of the road . as he reached the first cots of the village he slowed his horse into a trot , looking around with interest . as he approached my smithy , i noticed two details that made my heart jump . first , the hilts of two swords strapped to his back . second , the yellow , cat like eyes . a witcher . newline newline newline this was the moment i had been waiting for . never before had i seen a witcher pass through the village . i might never see one again . this was my chance . i ran up to the road , and caught the witcher  s eye . newline newline  top notch swords !  i exclaimed . newline newline he stopped his horse in front of the smithy and dismounted . his hair was long and white , though his face didn  t seem old , and he was clad in a light armour , with a wolf emblem hanging around his neck . he looked me over for a moment , then spoke . newline newline  let me have a look at your stock.  newline newline i nodded , then bolted into the smithy to gather everything i had for sale . i placed the items on a table before the witcher . at the front , i placed the two silver swords . newline newline newline the swords had been in my holding ever since i inherited the smithy from my father 5 years ago . who knows how long he had them before me . witchers were the only people who used silver swords , and since they hardly ever appeared in these parts , the swords were not in high demand . i had thought about smelting them and selling the silver , but the loss in value would have been huge . so i had waited and waited , for this very thing to happen . newline newline newline the witcher first looked over my supply of steel swords , but did not seem impressed . then he turned his attention to the silver swords . he picked up the larger one , felt its weight , slashed through the air a couple of times . newline newline  i could use this  , he said .  how much is it ?  newline newline i consulted my notebook . newline newline  550 crowns , sir  , i said . as i dealt little with silver swords , i was unsure if that was its right value for such a blade . my father had set the price , and i was afraid to lower it for fear of selling it far too cheap . newline newline however , the witcher seemed to deem this a decent price , as he nodded and produced a purse . he counted up the money on the table , and my heart beat triumphantly as i collected the pile of coins , handed him the silver sword and noted the exchange in my book . he removed one of the swords from his back and replaced it with the new one . he then held up his old silver sword and looked at me . newline newline  how much would you give me for this ?  newline newline i startled . did i just get rid of one of the unsellable swords , just to receive another ? had it been any other man i might have laughed in his face , but witchers were dangerous . i took the sword in my hands , turning it over carefully . i had to make an offer . newline newline  eh 200 , sir.  newline newline his eyes narrowed .  that  s far less than it  s worth . i found this in a chest at the bottom of the sea . it  s a very special sword.  newline newline newline  wwwell sir  , i stuttered ,  witcher gear is hard to sell , and  newline newline he held up a hand to silence me .  i understand . then i will hold on to it . i know someone i think will give me a better price.  newline newline newline i could almost cry from happiness as i handed the sword back . however , the witcher was not finished . newline newline  i do have something else to sell you though . don  t worry ,  he added , noting how i tensed ,  it  s not witcher gear.  newline newline i smiled relieved .  then i will be happy to purchase from you , sir  , i said . newline newline he strode over to his horse and removed one of the heavy saddlebags . newline newline  how much money do you have to spend ?  he asked . newline newline i perked up . what kind of treasure did he carry , leading him to ask such a question ? newline newline  1,393 crowns as of right now , sir  i replied , consulting my notebook . newline newline  very good  , he replied , upending the saddlebag over the table . out tumbled pieces of wood , about two feet in length , with rusty nails run through them and thin leather straps wrapped around the wouldbe handles . most of them were covered in dried blood . the witcher smiled .  i believe that should be just about enough for 20 of these . my father received an arctic tern for his 18th . makes perfect sense really . when i was younger he used to drag me along on long holidays , visiting every possible country he could whenever he had the time . newline newline and my mother , well i do nt know for sure what she got . i do nt remember her , and father said she left to fight in a war and never returned . all i know is she was some kind of spider , but he would nt tell me what kind . maybe it was a creepy tarantula or something ! that would be a pretty cool pet . newline newline i do nt think i want one . father would make me look after it . imagine if i got something like a whale and had to spend all my time by the ocean . i mean honestly , sometimes i wonder why i ca nt just lounge in the sun all day . it s not like i ever need to do anything with my life . we have so much money , i could buy a small realm . ugh , or what if i got something embarrassing like a pony or a butterfly . i d never hear the end of it . newline newline as my birthday rolled round i was getting a little excited imagining the possibilities . i could get a bear that i could ride into battle on , or a giant eagle who could pick me up and fly me wherever i wanted . legend has it that some people got unicorns , griffins , and even dragons ! that would perfect . i could fly it around the sky and everyone would know how important i am . newline newline needless to say i was disappointed when i opened the door and did nt look up to see a half burnt parcel towering over me . just an ordinary , boring parcel laying in front of me . as i opened it , my father came to the door and peered into the box . he patted me on the back and laughed  well you did want a dragon  . i looked back at the creature in front of me and bent down to touch it . a giant lizard is still pretty awesome . newline newline  newline newline i m not a good writer at all , this is super disjointed and does nt flow well , but i wanted to get the idea out . the night of the attack newline newline it hurt . oh god did it hurt . there was blood everywhere  my blood . it coated my clothing and gushed out of the jagged wounds on my arms and legs . i was certain that i was going to die . i could nt move , could nt breathe , could nt do anything but watch as the beast tore through my stomach . he ripped the skin apart and i was treated with the horrifying feeling of his muzzle digging around inside my body . i always thought you d pass out from extreme pain , but i was wide awake as i watched the thing start eating me . newline newline there was a sound in the distance , a gunshot . the beast took notice , and pulled his head out of my abdomen with a sickening squishy sound . bits of gore were visibly dangling from his muzzle and my blood stained his white chin pink . when more shots rang out , the creature turned tail and ran , leaving me to die . i thought i was lucky  at least this way i would die in peace . i tried to call out in the vain hope of rescue , but my voice came out as a quiet squeak . newline newline at some point i did pass out , because i was awoken by sun streaming through the trees . i blinked at the light and sat up before i could think about why that might have been a bad idea . every part of my body was sore as i moved . even my stomach hurt , and i clutched my belly in pain reflexively . my eyes shot open at the memory of last night , and i looked down fearing the worst . newline newline what i saw was even more horrifying than i could have imagined . my ragged shirt was soaked in blood and torn open , revealing smooth unbroken skin beneath . a quick glance at my arms and legs showed no signs of injury . the bloody , tattered remains of my clothing were real enough to tell me that last night was nt just a bad dream . i shuddered in horror as the obvious explation dawned on me . newline newline i stood up , half expecting to fall back down . though my legs were sore , especially around the areas where i had been bitten , i was able to stay upright . i dug through the pockets of my pants to retrieve my phone only to see that it had been smashed sometime during the attack . i sighed and sank to the ground . it was probably for the best that no one else knew what happened . newline newline it took me a while to walk back to my car . i had gotten turned around during the chase last night and i wandered aimlessly until i ran into a road . thankfully the back roads were deserted , so i was able to walk back to the parking lot without attracting any attention . i hoped my luck would hold for the rest of the drive home . newline newline i managed to make it all the way to my apartment without anyone seeing me . i was so relieved that i did nt realize my roommate was making breakfast in the kitchen until he turned around to say hi . i froze in surpise , too shocked to even open my mouth . newline newline  hey , sup  woah ! dude , awesome costume ! hey , where were you last night ?  newline newline it took me a few seconds before my brain belatedly reminded me that halloween was in a few days . my roommate frowned and gave me a look of concern .  hey , are you all right ?  newline newline finally , my mouth started working , and i blurted out ,  i m fine . i was at a party last night and i m hungover . please do nt bother me .  i rushed to my room and shut the door , leaving my roommate blinking in confusion . were i the kind of person who actually went out partying regularly , i might have noticed sooner that parties are nt usually held on tuesdays . newline newline  two weeks after the attack newline newline i growled and bared my teeth at the screen in front of me . i did nt think it was because of what had happened to me  i had always done that when confronted by particularly unpleasant bits of code . however , a small part of me was concerned my growling had nt always sounded quite so animalistic . i took a deep breath and clenched my fists . after a few moments , i was calm enough to start typing again . newline newline as the days passed after the attack , i became more and more doubtful about what had happened that night . part of me was convinced that it had been some kind of memory trick , or a bad dream , or anything else . every night i made myself look at the torn and bloody shirt just to remind me that it actually happened . it was just so hard to make myself believe it . after all , there was nt really such a thing as werewolves , was there ? newline newline the research i had done seemed to confirm that statement . after i had cleaned myself up the night of the attack , i went onto the internet to google  werewolves  ,  werewolf attacks  ,  bitten by a werewolf  , and anything else i could think of . as expected , i got nothing but junk results about everything from horror stories to people claiming they were werewolves . the latter group made me hopeful at first , but the flowery descriptions of their supposed animal forms did nt even come close to matching the thing that had attacked me . i guessed it was more of a case of wishful thinking than reallife lycanthropy . newline newline after my jaunt on the internet produced nothing helpful , i tried just getting on with my life . on a whim , i had subscribed to some of the forums i found , but nothing interesting came up . after twelve invites to roleplay , three people asking me about my  wolf spirit  , and countless more calling me a liar , i stopped bothering to even check them . so here i sat at work , trying to pretend everything was normal even as i began to growl at things and crave meat . newline newline i noticed that those were nt my only symptoms , either . i found myself focusing more intently on my tasks . it began to feel almost thrilling when i was able to hunt down and squash a particularly nasty bug . at first i figured i was just trying to forget about things , but after doing some reading on wolves i discovered something called the  prey drive  . that realization should have scared me , but i found myself laughing instead . who would have thought that turning into an animal would improve my work performance ? newline newline unfortunately , the bug i was looking at right now was proving to be very agitating prey . i pounded on the desk in frustration as i realized i had just spent the last hour and a half with no progress . it was almost a halfhour after i should have left work , and i was getting hungry . the hunger did nothing to improve my mood . newline newline i shut off my computer and stalked out of the office to my car . i had been planning on making dinner for myself tonight , but as i pulled out of the parking lot i decided i was too hungry to wait . i could smell the tension on the cashier as she took my order , no doubt caused by my lessthanfriendly expression . she blinked in surprise when i told her how many burgers i wanted , but she did nt say anything . newline newline i took the bag out to my car and ate there . it felt extremely satisfying as i tore through the first of the large burgers , and by the time i had finished the third i was nt angry anymore . i crumpled the last of the wrappers and threw it in the empty bag , then slumped down in my seat , content . after a moment s rest , i sat back up and started the car . newline newline i found myself blinking in confusion at my home computer . i must have been operating on instinct the whole way home , because i did nt remember the drive at all . i shook my head and opened up a web browser . a combination of boredom and morbid curiosity had me opening up one of the werewolf forums . i glanced over the messages , not really reading them , but one near the end caught my eye . newline newline chicagomusician sent you a message 110815 9:54 pm newline sorry if this is a bit forward newline i saw the post you made about your attack . most people who post here are a newline bunch of fakes , but your story sounded different . pm me if you want to talk . newline i might be able to help you newline newline i felt conflicted . on one hand , it felt so good to finally have someone believe me . on the other , i was nt sure i could trust this random person on the internet to be telling the truth . i sat thinking for a while before finally giving a mental shrug . what could it hurt ? newline newline replying to chicagomusician newline thanks for believing me at least . what kind of help are you talking about ? i do nt newline want to shoot myself with a silver bullet if i can help it ... newline newline also , i do nt mean to be rude , but i m a little skeptical myself . sorry , like you newline said theres a lot of fakes here . newline newline i did nt really expect anything from it . too many false leads had made me pessimistic about finding any real information . i wasted the rest of the night looking at pictures of cats , then got ready to go to sleep . i checked the forum again , not really expecting a response so quickly . to my surprise , the mysterious forum user had sent me another message . newline newline chicagomusician sent you a message 111015 11:07 pm newline i understand your suspicion . im a werewolf too but no one believed me either . they newline all want to believe that werewolves are guardians of nature  . they didnt newline appreciate my story about how dangerous we really are newline newline proof : fear smells a bit tangy with a bit of a sweet aftertaste . werewolves crave newline meat but we prefer it cooked the same as we always did . we tend to focus really newline well on tasks . i can think of more if you want , but those were the ones that i thought were the newline thing that stuck out the most newline newline you dont have to shoot yourself . i can help you keep your wolf side under control . newline i ve been a werewolf for almost a year and i taught myself some tricks to help . newline newline i had to read the message three times before i was able to process the whole thing . i could nt believe it . there was another werewolf out there who promised to help me . i typed up a quick reply , then shut off my computer and went to bed . though i had been tired a few minutes before , i found myself unable to sleep . i was too busy feeling excited for the first time since i was bitten .crows have forever heralded our dead to the world beyond . as storks bring us life , crows perform a similar duty , but for their work receive our fear and mistrust . how many have sat atop an ancient tombstone listening to the whispered tales of the deceased ? how many have flown through storm and chill autumn winds to see our loved ones safely on their journey ? newline newline even in great tragedy they came to perform their duty . in a french wooded valley in 1944 war brought sorrow , death and fire . it was the last of these that raged quickly across the valley in the dry summer heat . the crows came to collect the fallen , soldier or victim alike , and they dove into the ashy black clouds in great swarms . deep beneath they could hear the confused screams of the dead . newline one by one they found the lost and called for them to follow , a glimmering shadow against the mountain of smoke that surrounded them . the heat tore at their wings , the violent updrafts flung them about and tall , thin burning branches seemed to reach out at them as they tried to lead their charges up and out of the furnace the valley had become . newline newline as they struggled the fire grew worse , exhausted and suffocating they became lost , confusing up from down and whirling in all directions . many fell alongside those they were meant to guide . small black angels began raining down from the burning sky . newline newline then a single man came in riding a great red truck that held a thunderstorm in its stomach . he was garbed in clumsy layers of clothes , and he wore a burlap mask to keep the smoke from choking him . he fought the fire , clearing enough that a single clear pillar of air was able to reach out and find the blue sky beyond . more importantly he had a great red light on his truck that the crows could use to find him . newline newline to his amazement , thousands of black crows came out of the smoke around him and circled up into the sky , each calling their thanks to him as they passed by . and each , though he could not see , with a thankful soul behind them . newline to this day the crows remember this man and they will leave any field unmolested if it bears his likeness . they do not fear the scarecrow that looks like him , they revere it , and they still call their thanks to it as they fly by .jack saw them before they saw jack . from behind a tree he watched them as they stood around a roaring fire , warming their arms , thick with muscle , and speaking to each other in a odd clicking language . bright , orange poison , the same color as their piercing eyes , dripped from their wickedly sharp claws . behind them was what jack wanted  his wallet containing over  200 in cash alone . the picture of his wife and children tucked into the pocket made the thievery more personal in his mind . jack s game plan was set and he creeped out from behind the tree , feeling like a cat about to pounce . that s when they saw him . screams and clicks rose as the creatures began to flee . jack , surprised that they had not tries to fight , scooped up the wallet and tucked it into his back pocket , but bloodlust was still on his mind . jack took a heavy step forward , then another . the screams had ceased and jack began to turn and walk away , dragging his feet in the dead leaves to wipe away the bright orange blood coating the bottom of his boots . luckily for jack the creatures had only been half an inch tall .i found a dead snake once long ago when i was just a little girl.how stange it seemed to me then , that this one did nt move like the others . newline newline it s skin was a dark ebony , the small drops of dew making it seems as if this little thing was made of the night sky . perhaps it was a creature from heaven ? but then agian , would a creature from heaven be so still ? it was more like a statue in that , rigid and unmovable . it seemed rooted to the ground , as if it had sprouted there over night . how intersting , for the sky to come from the ground . newline newline maybe it was a watcher ? those star covored eyes refusing to blink so as to see every day and night , every sun rise and set . those eyes must have seen so much beauty and wonder . newline newline i decided to leave the watcher alone . it does not sit in the yard anymore , but i like to think it went back to the ground , sprouting elsewhere to see the stars it was made from .i get the frustration of it , and i ve worked anywhere from 30 minutes to 2 hours on writing prompts that get buried in the 1,000 point submissions . newline newline that said , however , i ve posted several popular prompts and i still read  and try to comment  on each submission . so , in essence , op at least sees it ! newline newline i would never discourage someone from posting to my prompts by making them feel like it s hopeless to submit ... newline newline and that s exactly what such a change would do . i mean , that s what you mean , is nt it ? that there s little or no point to submitting to something that s  hot  top .  newline newline in response to your note  all of reddit is essentially a popularity contest , where people compete for points and the early bird gets the worm . that said , we choose specific subreddits like this one because we feel they serve a greater value than the simple competition of it all .hey . see that guy reading on the quad ? no , not the one on the bench with two girls sitting on either side of him , the one sitting on the grass like a tool . yup , that s me . well , it was me back in my college days . see , i was a nerd back then . like , a mega tooly nerd . how did i get to be so cool ? well , i ll tell ya , since i m not under contract anymore  and if i am , we ll just let this one slide , ey corporate ? thanks , owe you a solid  . newline newline anyways , i became super mega awesome sauce when , on this day as we watch our young vagabond now , i was approached by a hoard of time travelers . i kid you not , it was the defining moment of my young adolescent life . newline newline did i say hoard ? i meant one super foxy lady time traveler by the name of julia wits . look , there she is ! approaching little baby me . okay , do nt wipe the grass stains , it s all good . just look like more of a tool , why do nt you . newline newline  desmond ,  julia said , her voice like a million angels that are very sexy descending around me ,  it s time .  newline newline  time ?  little tool version of me said .  time for what ? who are you ?  i was nt as natural with flirting as i am now . newline newline without a word , she extended her perfectly tanned hand and grabbed me by the collar . no one batted an eye as two creatures sculpted by the gods disappeared in the middle of the quad . red flag number one  the college i was attending was clearly full of oblivious dumbbutts . newline newline let s follow them into the time rift . bloooooooop ! newline newline ah , there they are . oh ... yeah this is the part where julia explains how i ve been chosen yada yada dangerous to change the future , okay , we get it . let s fast forward to my sick wardrobe makeover . blooooooooooop ! newline newline mmm , looking fine , slightly older and wiser version of me . time travel does you well . anyway , at this point , i ve got the gist , changing the future will inevitably screw with the past . i ve already had two featurelength episodes of nearly permanently destroying humanity at this point . i get it , i ve got my wits about me . ha ! get it ? newline newline i m banging julia . newline newline wam . bam . thank you , maam . newline newline just had to brag . a humble brag , if you will . newline newline i might screw up every now and again , but hey , i m the time traveling tool that you guys thought would keep the earth safe and stuff . ca nt argue with that . and with the right woman by my side , well , hey . not all the screwing is screwing up .it s a funny thing life , you can go along believing something for years , only to find that it is comoletely wrong , turns out that this can be applied to entire worlds . we ve all heard tales of ancient beasts , bigger than we can imagine . norse giants , greek titans , even the ancient gods themselves . but we believed that nothig like this truly existed . of course that did nt stop us imagining what would happen if they were real , we ve all watched godzilla and clash of the titans . we believed that they would be savage monsters , as interested in us as we are in ants . turns out that we were wrong about that as well . newline newline my memories never been the best , but even i remember that date , january 21st 2014 . the day the titan awoke . theres so many stories and rumours that he truth is hard to find , but this is what most people seem to ageee on . it started when scientists in yellowstone detected strange tremors coming from underground ... slow but rhythmic , not like an earthquake , boom ... ... ... boom ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ..boom ... ... ..boom much more like a heartbeat , a hearbeat echoing across half a continent . and then it rose . slowly at first , the ground shifting , rocks bending , lakes being cast aside like droplets of water . newline newline at first they tried to keep the area clear , they said it was a small volcanic eruption ... but word got out , and so did the pictures . what it resembles most is a tortoise ... mixed with some kind of dinosaur , maybe that one with the spiky tail , but yet it is measured in miles . there was panic at first , people proclaiming the end of the world , saying that aliens were invading . but the leviathon did nt care . all it did in hose first few days was blink , taking a couple of hours each time . newline newline great atuin they named him ... or her , nobody knows for sure . and heshe does nt seem to do much , just stays in what s left of yellowstone , slowly moving around , each step causing small earthquakes . of course we wondered what it eats , we still do since it has nt yet . it also seems to like bears , yeah , we have nt figured out why either . newline newline but hey , it s happy and does nt do us harm , so we just sit back and watch for now .soon , the riders were upon him . he stood fast as a rock , over which the riders eddied around like the currents of a river . their horses circled around him , making the air heavy with dancing dust . their faces were hidden in ragged cloth and harsh morning shadow , but their eyes glinted of cold steel and spent bullets . newline newline the man was the first to speak .  you know this is nt your land . you know you are nt supposed to be here . the weight of the law is behind me .  newline newline a rider emerged from the pack , and the rest fell behind him like a pack of baying hounds behind their master s heel . he sat astride a beautiful horse whose coat shone like the breaking of the day . newline newline  your land , however , was unlawfully acquired . and since when has the law stopped me ? or you ?  the rider s voice was like the wind whispering over the open plains . newline newline  this land was entrusted to me , brother ,  the man replied . newline newline the rider did not reply . the two men locked eyes , one on the ground with his hands resting on his weapons , one on his horse whose empty hands promised even greater danger . the world seemed to hang still about their shoulders . newline newline a rider at the back of the pack broke the silence .  they re coming ! they re coming ! my god , they re beautiful !  newline newline out of the sunrise , dark shapes were appearing , hundreds , thousands of them , bounding across the flat land towards the men . they were deer , their nostrils stretched wide , their ears pressed flat against their heads , their pelts burning gold with the sun . newline newline the pack of riders turned away from the man and drew their weapons . newline newline  do nt you dare touch a single one of them  , the man growled .if someone calls me ethan i am gon na say who the fuck is ethan ! ? but i will keep my secrets of the 21st century . meet my family of the 18th century and compare my 21st century parents  my 21st century would win  also i would want to see history and know how that impacted in the 21st century . see great things , and know how they changed history forever . but i would always remember my great 21st century life with my family who i always cared about . but it would be heartbreaking realizing they are nt real and knowing that my real life is in the 18th century . hm , hm , hm ... maybe grab a coffee before going back up to work ... and yeah , i m hungry , i should get a sandwich .  newline newline john presses the down button to go to the lobby then out into new york to quickly have his 10am break . then back to the trading floor it would be . newline newline he always loved the view from the window giving out on the city . the whole skyline was beautiful , and his favourite moment was going up while the sun was coming up . it made early mornings bearable . newline newline  hm , hm , hm ...  newline newline funny , that . the whole sky had a reddish hue to it . but it was nt even close to sunset . john frowned and rubbed his eyes . nope , the sky was still tinged with red . newline newline  how funny .  newline newline he moves closer to the window to peer outside . he had the feeling he was going down , but the skyline was nt moving . and the sky was definitely turning from blue to red . shakes his head and sits down , feeling a bit dizzy . newline newline  i must be working too much . i m seeing things .  newline newline he dozes off a bit , then wakes up startled . gets back up in an instant , and checks the floor : the indicator is broken and random numbers are showing . a glance to the window and now the sky is just pure red . newline newline  what the f ...  newline newline john checks his watch . frozen on 10:01am . but that s not possible , he s been here longer ! he checks his phone . 12:30am . newline newline john just stares at the time dumbly . two hours and a half in the lift or one minute ? neither makes sense . oh , and the sky does nt make sense too either , of course . newline newline  call help , yeah , call help .  newline newline press the yellow button . no tone . press it again . nothing . god ! john kicks the lift doors . the control panel . then slides down the wall , feeling breathless . newline newline  this must be a weird malfunction . just calm down , think , breathe ...  newline newline john checks his phone again . 3pm . ok , now he knows his phone is just acting out and he s just having some weird panic attack . he ll call an ambulance as soon as he reaches the lobby . newline newline the doors slide open . john gasps for air and stumbles outside   help ! i m having some kind of panic attack !   and falls into the arms of a welcoming stranger . newline newline he looks up . a wide array of razor sharp teeths highlighted by a background of new york burning . eyes that are pitch black . red , leathery skin . a demonic smile . newline newline  i think you found all the help you need , john .  whispers the thing into his ears , forked tongue snaking around his neck . there is no evidence to support the accusation that ambilifix  tm  is contributing to the rash of recent suicides . the fda is opening a full investigation and i assure you , that we  ll get to the bottom of this soon.  the tailoredsuit spokeswoman looked comfortable in the glare of the lights and invasion of the microphones . it was almost as if she already knew the fda would find nothing . newline it was my job as coordinator to make sure that was the case . newline there was a long and complicated paper trail of the drug throughout its life cycle . that , of course , was unavoidable . but the antidepressant  s real purpose was never publicly disclosed . only four people are aware of the extent of the dark net research cluster that created the drug . the underground links between six of the world  s leading pharmaceutical companies had to stay hidden . shareholders would never understand what was at stake . newline 2021 was the tipping point . seven former top heads of state cornered me late at night at a who conference and laid out their case . they ordered me to do what their successors legally couldn  t . cull the herd . now . or risk global collapse  a thousand years of darkness , war , and famine . newline who was i to say no ? newline they knew what had to happen , but with so many deaths involved the blame was going to have to be placed at someone  s feet . it couldn  t be them . it couldn  t be a new world war , or an engineered famine , or an unchecked pandemic . the public were sheep , but even sheep could smell the wolves closing in once in a while . it had to come from within . people had to check out of the human experience of their own freewill . newline with a little help . newline ambilifix  tm  was just the test run . we  re three generations past the ssri that soccer moms and overworked executives are still popping daily . it  s too late to go back . ambilifix iii is in everything now  the water supply , the food supply , and dozens of other medications we control . i sit at my desk everyday and stare at the capsule of ambilifix iii meant for me . when the guilt overwhelms me , and it will soon , i  ll be just another statistic . newline but i will have done my job .the doorbell rang . i tried to quickly put my shoes on but about 4 seconds later it rang again . newline  somebody  s in a hurry  i muttered as i kicked the shoes to the other end of the living room and proceeded to open the door on my socks . newline newline as i looked at the two soldiers and saw what they were carrying , i tried but stammered explaining why i welcomed two brave armymen on my socks . newline newline  mr . smith ?  i opened my mouth but was interrupted . newline it  s okay to feel sad.  the left one said and he put his hand on my left shoulder . newline newline  we  ll all miss him . he truly was a hero amongst the men.  newline newline the right one , who looked as if he didn  t have any emotions the whole time , suddenly burst out in tears and tried to put his arms around his comrade . i could see him holding his tears back while he got his friend back up . newline newline  his tag and medals are yours now . treat them as you would treat him.  newline newline he had difficulty choosing his words and he handed me a small box after which he and his friend said their goodbyes . newline newline damn people , always misspelling my name . newlinehe first became conscious in warm liquid darkness . there were sounds  a heart beating , blood pumping and some distant music accompanied by woman s humming . he fell asleep . newline newline an intense burning awoke him . it started at his belly and then rushed through his entire body . he kicked and thrashed furiously . his skull plates moved and pushed into his brain . the pain would nt stop . he could hear muffled screaming though he could nt make a sound . he passed out from the pain . newline newline he awoke to a new understanding . he was inside a woman s stomach , in her womb . tethered to his stomach was his lifeline . it had been tainted three days ago . he had almost left this place too early . what would have happened ? newline newline his brain continued to grow with his understanding . there was something new in the food tether that linked him to this woman . something she had ingested had caused new nerves  to form in this umbilical cord . he had access to this woman s higher thoughts and memories . newline newline the next day he found that pushing on her bladder caused her to run and turning flips inside of her caused her to sit down . soon he was reaching out across those nerve endings and sending commands back . newline newline first he made her sneeze . then he made her cry . then he made her really hot . he knew all of these terms and had an understanding of what they were as if he had experienced them himself . newline newline he realized that soon he would have complete control of this woman . he just had to send the right stimuli up the tether and he could access so much information . newline newline today was the day he would take over . he already had her craving strange foods and had complete control of her restroom habits . he just needed a few more hours to gain complete control of her moto ... newline newline  push ! push !  newline newlineah welcome my friends to another  teens in the wild  im your fabulous aussie host morison gulover , and what we see here in front of us is the young sophmourus teenidae trying to court his female counterpart the juinos teenidae , now tensions are high for the little teeny bopper , what could mean passing on his genes or dying out , as hes a rare breed , an 50 sophmourus who s already hit puberty . some may say this puts him at an disadvantage but it can be useful to pity talk his targets into thinking he s weaker and at the right moment he shows off his gains , lets see if it works shall we ? newline newline the male approachs the female , puts on a nice dance but oh ! he fumbles , the juinos doesnt seem to mind.the sophmourus then starts some small talk , rookie move , small talk for a species of his caliber will only make getting a yes less likely and it s evident with the females disinterested facial expressions . the male then pops the question  will you go to the prom with me   a side note , prom for these species is a potential mass breeding event , simaler to salmon only it happens once or twice in a teeny boppers life span so theres no option for failure  the female pauses , she thinks about her options , the male anxiously red in the face , and her answer finallu comes  sorry but im going with chad , he asked me two weeks ago , if you asked earlier i wouldve said yes  devasted the male realizes his mistake , he was too cautious and shouldve taken action before a rival male took his chance  maybe next year sophmourus  newline newline there would not be a next year for our poor male however , as chad had impregnated our female and she had leave school to take care of the offspring . maybe another time my short teeny bopper maybe another time . this has been your fabulous aussie host morrison gullover signing outsarah sat , lounging with her son john . they had just finished their evening meal and the 6pm news was on . sarah liked nights like this . peaceful . alone . just them . newline newline she was not happy with all the reports of the outsiders coming into her country . silly folks . newline newline as she dwelt on her thoughts of singular disdain for all things not her , the newscasters face turned to one of shock . not the usual calm demeanor . not a face that said  trust me ,  rather one that said  well . this is it . we re all going to die .  newline newline the face then said aloud ,  we are getting reports in from nasa that the new horizons ship has encountered some form of barrier . something preventing it from moving forth into the galaxy . wait ... ..  newline newline the voice sounded more and more panicked . much like a man would if he had a large python moving up his leg and a mouse was taped to his johnson . newline newline  we are getting reports of a broadcast coming from the ship itse ...  newline newline the screen went blank . flickered . then a large green face appeared on the screen . then the screen on her computer . her phone . everything . the face was not human . it spoke . it spoke english ? rather proper english too . unfortunately with a slight scottish accent . newline newline  citizens of what you now call earth .  we did warn you against this , did nt we ? you thought you could stay there . you promised the president himself that you would nt . i hope you know ...  newline newline the green face took a deep breath and yelled . newline newline  that resistance is useless  newline newline the green face looked very happy with itself . newline newline  you need to know that a large vogon destructor fleet is waiting just outside your solar system awaiting orders . the last citizens of krikkit were given their last chance on earth 4 . you promised that you would not leave the system in any form , on punishment of total destruction .  newline newline the face looked somewhat shocked . newline newline  of course you know what i m talking about . silly bloody planet . no sympathy here . i have to make a living too you know ?  newline newline the screens went dark . newline newline sarah smiled . all the knowledge of a few billion years captivity came flooding into her mind . newline newline she stood up and looked at john , who had picked up his bat and was strapping on his pads . newline newline  the universe . it ll have to go . for good this time . andrew slowly walked up the concrete steps to his apartment on the third floor . each step caused his shoulders to dip just a little bit lower . he knew that jerrod was sitting in the living room , most likely not wearing pants , surrounded by empty cans of energy drink and the horrifying possibility that an empty milk jug full of urine was within arms reach . newline newline he could almost smell the apartment before he slid his key in the lock and opened the door . newline newline  sup bro , no pants , careful where you re looking ,  jerrod said without turning his head from the recliner he sat in . newline newline andrew sighed and shuffled past jerrod accidentally kicking an empty can . newline newline  whoa man , watch where you re walking !  newline newline he could nt find the words to respond to jerrod , so he simply kept walking to his room and shut the door behind him sealing himself off from the worst roommate anyone could possibly have . he would have left months ago if he could have afforded it . newline newline andrew lay back on his bed and squeezed his eyes shut . he drifted off to sleep with thoughts of a single bedroom apartment he lived in all by himself . newline newline a rustle followed by the squeaky closet door slowly opening snapped andrew s eyes open . newline newline if jerrod was trying to steal things again !  newline newline he d had enough , this was his sanctuary , his home . he jumped from the bed and threw himself into the closet fists swinging with abandon . his right hand connected with something soft and rewarded him with a painful grunt . he redoubled his efforts and started dropping fists as hard as he could . newline newline  what are you doing ?  a raspy voice asked . newline newline before andrew could respond the light on his nightstand flipped on . he looked down at his victim , a pile of clothes and an old stuffed cat named mr. whiskers . newline newline  you really kicked his ass ,  the voice said with a harsh barklike laugh . newline newline andrew turned his head slowly toward the bed . sitting on his pillow was a small , green , creature with rows of sharp teeth displayed in a horrible smile . red eyes glowed above a small pig like nose and his head was topped with a tuft of green hair and large pointed ears . newline newline  seriously that right hook , devastating ,  it said smiling broader , displaying more razor sharp teeth . newline newline stunned andrew could only sit in silence and stare at the monster . newline newline  are you dumb or just rude ?  it asked , then spoke much slower ,  ispeakingtoyou .  newline newline  what . . . are you ?  andrew asked . newline newline  so it is rude . honestly who starts an introduction with what are you ?  it ran a hand over its tuft of green hair then hopped off the bed . he could nt have stood more than three feet tall . newline newline  my name , is garrag . pleasure to meet you ,  he said with a bow . newline newline  andrew . . .  newline newline  pleasure to meet you andrew .  newline newline  but i do have some bad news for you ,  he held his hands out apologetically ,  i m going to need to eat you .  garrag took a step forward teeth and claws bared . newline newline  that s fine i guess ,  andrew said quietly . newline newline garrag stopped in his tracks , his red eyes going wide . newline newline  uh , are you alright ?  newline newline  it does nt matter anymore . i ca nt live in this apartment a second longer , i do nt have anywhere else to go . do what you got ta do .  andrew closed his eyes and waited . newline newline garrag walked over the recently vacuumed carpet and placed a clawed hand on andrew s arm . newline newline  i ca nt eat someone this sad . what s got you down ?  newline newline  jerrod . . .  newline newline  what s a jerrod ?  newline newline andrew pushed himself off the floor and opened the door a crack and pointed down the hall for garrag to see jerrod . newline newline  that s a jerrod .  newline newline  sweet swamps of agox what is that smell ?  newline newline  also jerrod .  newline newline jerrod shoveled under cooked macaroni and cheese with tuna fish into his mouth with his fingers . newline newline  it s vile ,  garrag hissed . newline newline  i could really use a new roommate ,  andrew said hopefully . newline newline garrag could nt ignore the hope in andrew s voice . newline newline  we split chores down the middle , and we re responsible for picking up after ourselves ,  garrag said sticking out his hand . newline newline  deal !  andrew nearly shouted grabbing garrag s hand and vigorously shaking it . newline newline  let s just hope he tastes better than he smells . . .  garrag said as he slipped into the hallway silently . newline newline newline   newline newline thanks for reading ! check out rwritten4reddit for more stories ! newline newline newline newline newline newline newlineyou know you re never really warned how much dying sucks . the constant pain you re always in often pales in comparison when you re faced with your family having to come to terms with the reality of the situation . of course you lie , you tell them you re feeling better than yesterday . rarely true , you just get more and more bitter . resentment becomes a drug , it does nt matter what it s aimed at either . newline newline so you could only imagine my glee when a strange figure visited me in the middle of the night . i thought it was death at first , a welcome guest at this point in my treatment . i mean a trench coated stranger walks into your hospital room at 3 a.m you start to wonder . i was wrong of course , he was nt human however . i could tell from his hands , when he took mine in his grasp to explain the situation , they were unnaturally cold for how thick they felt . he never gave me his full name either , just said that we would meet again . newline newline he explained to me what his line of work entailed . he was part of an organization called the  makeacurse  foundation , their goal was to grant the request of bitter and terminally ill adults . he went on further to explain the contract and how they made certain things a possibility . he used examples of hauntings and objects cursed by their services at the request of an individual to better explain what they do . those people often were nt very ill nor bitter , they qualified only for a specific amount of their funds . he then leaned in close to me and smiled , i had nt noticed until now that i could nt make out his face . it seemed to be permanently set in shadow and seeing his teeth breaking through seemed so unnatural . newline newline it sent a shiver down my spine but i remained attentive to the thing s proposal . he told me i was a special client , that they  had dispatched him specifically for my case . he argued that i was their most bitter and painfully ill client they d ever seen . he then explained that i had the entire foundations funds at my disposal , that any curse i wished for would come true . i turned in my hospital bed to look out the window , pretending to absorb the information . i already knew what i wanted , i wanted to watch the world slowly , painfully crumble . just like i am , i want the world deal with the agony of having to look into one another s eyes and tell them it ll be alright  or it s not that bad today , tomorrow will be better .  i want them to feel the hurt of lying to yourself that everything is ok. newline newline the thing put it s hand on my shoulder ,  you are the most excellent choice we have ever made .  i looked over , it was smiling again .  your curse will be carried out , we will extend your life long enough for you to be able to see it begin . we do look forward to seeing you again soon .  with that , the thing got up and left the room . that was 7 months ago , i only had a week to live according to doctors when he visited . today is september 11th , 2001 , i woke up to the tv blaring on about some attack on freedom and a small smile formed across my lips as i felt my last breath escaping me . newline newline  newline newline i hope you enjoyed it ! rtheyogibearhawritesday in and out , the earth grows further bruised . myriad prisoners scar our surroundings in hopes of avoiding pain . the last months have been nothing . newline newline that s it , just nothing , a simple nothingness . it s strange , the beating of arms , the tears of lovers , and the poems scratched into our cabins , are all reminiscent of hope . and hope is accompanied with the possibility of surrender . newline newline hope is something i ca nt understand . where i come from , i learned a lot of things early . i can never read all the books i want  i can never be all the people i want and live all the lives i want . i can never train myself in all the skills i want . obviously a realization like this sounds like surrender . though , it s quite the opposite . it is nt hopelessness , it s simply introspection . all it is is me recognizing that i want . and why do i want ? i want to live and feel all the shades , tones and variations of mental and physical experience possible in life . though some may argue of physical limitation , i ve learned to ignore them . newline newline before this cage of crisscrossed metal beams blocked us in the hundreds , my life was particular . i neither recognize the people here nor will i make an attempt . see , i m different . newline newline when i was four , my father took me hiking . this is my earliest memory and it s full of the vibrant blue smell of clean air away from other s . everything after this scent is obvious to me . it s categorized in my brain , and it s something i ve come to accept . immediately after this scent , i recognize my young father arched back , arm extended with an ex further elongating his figure . newline newline the sound of his body whiplashing forward and dismantling the tree laid in front of us is my second clear memory . it was a whomp , then a huge crack , followed by this inhuman screech . newline newline my father crashed to the floor , whimpering at his own body . it did nt handle the stress from the motion and severed his spine . in the middle of nowhere , hundreds of miles away from other people , he sat there in tears . newline newline almost instantly they dried up on his face . his mouth lined itself up , parallel to his gaze , and the fatherly sternness everyone discusses completed him .  i m going to die . you need to find your way back .  newline newline there was neither apology nor sadness , it was simply the end . and there he collapsed . though through sheer luck , we scarred the earth on our way to this barren forest . i backtracked , following the injured trees , and found my way back . newline newline the rest of the memory is a blur , but when my eyes awoke i was home . and ever since then , i ve never understood surrender . i ve never allowed myself to be captured into jail , nor will i ever allow things to get the better of me . newline newline about twenty years after my father s death , the world erupted into beautiful chaos . war took lives by the thousands and i did everything to fight . my uniform grasped my chest tightly , and hugged me with more comfort than a woman s legs . newline newline fighting is what i was , not surrendering is what defined me . and the lesson my father passed heroically in his death stayed . newline newline my bunkmate and best friend was the complete opposite of me . he cried at the prospect of life . he welcomed death with open arms , even admitting to multiple suicide attempts . where my family invested their trust in my heart , theirs invested a trust in his mind . and now , hope does nt exist . newline newline hope manifests in the heart like a virus . the ones who can breed this virus smile in the face of death , and cry in the face of joy . but despondence and surrender never shows their face . this virus extinguishes all other emotions . newline newline a well invested mind breeds many other things , most notably the recognition of mortality . it s strange , and though many have preached lifefulness , those invested in their mind completely can never understand . this virus is different , it s one of recognition . it understand the disgust of the mud , and the pain of someone s fists , and the anger of a confused lover . newline newline where hope is blissful and naive , recognition is cold and wise . i was never one to invest much trust in faith , but when this dichotomy presents itself , it s always a nice thought . newline newline one fight , he and i stormed ahead of the troops and were ambushed by enemy troops . the barrage of fists against my body was nothing but physical pain . but my mate s mind could nt handle it and his emotions burst out . newline newline in fear , he got up and attacked the assailants . after a knife to the leg , and a scar across his face , he was down . newline newline when we woke up , instead of a warm home , it was cold . across from me sat my mate , and he was done . life took him completely . that attack was his first and last moment alive . it s as if his heart burst open completely , unleashing itself . newline newline now it s been a few months , and he s since left me . he did nt last more than a few days in this cage . newline newline as i repeat the cliche , i realize my one characteristic . it exemplifies me above everyone , making me unique completely . surrender is a concept foreign to me . one people learn watching their parents struggle and thinking to themselves , it might be easier if they ignored this . newline newline i persevered through it all . i ignore the logic and my mind and never lost hope for better . now , i wo nt look back and will scar the earth . as those around me collapse , i ll continue to blemish everything . newline newline i will not go like my father did .metal was still falling from above by the time i regathered myself . i see bodies everywhere , most of them torn apart . through their helmets i can see by their faces they are screaming but i ca nt hear anything through the radio except ringing and then i realize it s my ears . newline newline  nun  newline newline what ? newline newline  hun !  newline newline what is going on ? newline newline  run ! everybody run !  newline newline the drill must have exploded ! this equipment is nt safe , this site is nt safe ! i start running with everyone else who still has legs that work . i tripped on a rock and begin floating , someone pulls me back down and we run . it s rob rob ? rick , his name is rick , he operates the crane . newline newline  are nt we far enough ?  newline newline  they re following us !  newline newline they ? who are we running from ? newline newline i see a bright light wiz by , it hits someone beside us and he falls . what is going on ? newline newline i keep running . rick keeps running . i still do nt know where to , or what from , but people are dying and i do nt plan on being one of them . i ve never been to this area before , i just transferred from another site , but hell i did nt explore over there either , we figure one section of mars is just the same as the next . hopefully rick knows where we re going , but i doubt it . i also hope we get out alive , but i doubly doubt that . newline suddenly my forward sprint is interrupted by a strong yank on my left arm , all the sudden it s dark , darker than the rest of mars . i look at rick , newline newline  what the fuck is going on ?  newline newline  martians ...  he panted ,  they ve ...   newline newline  martians ? ? like.. ma  newline newline  martians . lifeforms from mars , very pissed , very smart martians ... from mars .  newline newline  and you passed the drug screening ?  newline newline  red and pink beings , six feet and taller , with guns and explosives who want to take their planet back .  newline newline  look , rick , the u.n. said  newline newline  it s rob .  he interrupted newline newline damn . newline newline  rob . the u.n. said that mars was found to be completely safe .  newline newline  and governments never lie  he explained  you do nt have to believe me now , you can get out and go back to work at the blown up drill with the dead coworkers and annihilated living quarters or you can stay here with me and figure out how we are going to get out of this .  newline newline  right ,  i pondered ,  where is here exactly ?  newline newline  this is where i would hide to get alone  newline newline  so you know the area ! so you can get us out of here ! ?  newline newline  once i found a hiding spot to get paid to sleep i sort of stopped exploring .  newline newline  so ... we are sort of fucked are nt we ?  newline newline  yeah ,  he sighed  boned .  newline newline  we are going to get rammed hard . by aliens .  newline  yupp .  newline  and i never even had sex with a man before ...  newline newline and then they rip of their space suits to have passionate sex inside of their hiding hole , but the pressure of mars got to their bodies first and killed them in an instant . but they died by love , not martians and so they died happy . newline newline newline first wp post and i had no idea how to end it , so sorry for the middle school humor .contemporary meteorologists and physicists were completely baffled . the sun was still shining and water was still being evaporated from earth s water reservoirs yet the humidity level and cloud density of the atmosphere remained constant and just below precipitation requirements . there was however groups people that claimed to understand the happening . newline newline cults of every flavor were springing up all over the earth . from the apocalypse oriented doomsday variety to the more eccentric and optimistic new age type , charismatic speakers were rapidly rallying acolytes across the globe . regardless of the extreme polarity between opposing groups one thing was for certain , that superstition and metaphysical schools of thought were claiming a foothold in mainstream thought . what was once considered rational thought was quickly becoming a primitive mindset in the wake of the extreme conditions that had been imposed upon humanity . newline newline africa had been nearly completely evacuated  it s deserts had grown in magnitude and intensity to the point where it consumed what little flora had been able to survive the already extreme conditions . the refuges had not all been met with open arms . the southern europeans countries had been doing the best they could to provide for the unwanting pilgrims for awhile , but with the eventual dissolution of the united nations a more darwinian mentality began to dominate the scene . the primal animal that had been caged and muzzled inside of every civilized man was finding it s voice and stepping into the spotlight . newline newline eventually jesus returned to earth and raindanced humanity all the way to eden . the end .year 2392 newline newline arc  2 newline newline years since departure : 292 years newline newline estimated time to arrival : 108 years newline newline log  4,523 :  i ve lived on this ship for 30 years , and it s been quite the uneventful time . most people are stuck in their own virtual worlds , a virtual paradise , since they ca nt bear the silence of space . those in the ship would be in a virtual environment , and robots would artificially inseminate women while they lived their virtual lives . that s how i was born , and that s how everyone else here was too . this vast , infinitely large area that is impossible to comprehend ... newline newline i m one of the only ones to face the emptiness of space without losing my mind to it . it was decided long ago that humans are too unreliable to repair a spaceship  we cut corners , and make mistakes , so it was decided ai controlled robots would repair our ship . i ve begun to think lately . thinking of what our home was like now . when we left , earth had just a century left to be habitable , since we killed humanities mother . we poisoned her , slowly killed her , and she was nearing her death . humanity decided that in order to keep our species alive , they would send us out in generational ships . perhaps they managed to stave off the death long enough to create faster ships ... maybe there s already someone there , on that destined planet of ours . newline newline years since departure : 293 years newline newline estimated time to arrival : 107 years newline newline log  4611 :  today , we got a message from earth ! i could nt believe it at first , our planet was supposed to be dead ! the message , however , was ominous at best . it simply read : we ve done it . we are coming for you .  newline newline hopefully this means we can go home . i sure hope so , i do nt want to die on this ship . i suppose the emptiness of space is getting to me ... newline newline log  4621 :  it s only been 10 days since i got the last message . a few minutes ago , what looked like a large bubble appeared in our flight path , and a ship came through it . they re coming towards our ship to dock . i do nt know what to do , what to think . should i be happy ? should i be sad ? scared ? this is the first exciting thing to happen , ever . i hope it ends well . newline newline log  4621 part 2 :  they sent another simple transmission :   we re starting the procedures . prepare for departure .  what procedures ? where are we going ? i had so many questions . i ca nt wake anyone up , it s done by the ai . they have to decide to wake up or not . they just did something , i can see a star through one of the bubbles , like what they used to get here . newline newline oh god , what are they doing !  newline newline this heat ... it hurts ...  newline newline why ca nt i see anymore , i ca nt see anything ! my body feels like it s on fire !  newline newline please , make it stop , no more ... please , no more newline newline as the middleaged man screamed in agony , a simple message appeared on the dashboard :  the contamination has been eliminated .  the rest of the passengers are oblivious to their impending death , as the ship slowly floats towards a star , waiting to consume them .  newline newline let me know how i did !dad s knuckles were white as they clutched at his fork . i could see him starting to tremble from here . newline newline  dad ,  i began , my voice sounding like that of a very appeasing and reasonable mouse . he ignored me . newline newline  for the past seventeen years ,  he growled , glaring over at evven ,  your mother and i have toiled endlessly to give you and your sister a chance at the good life . now i tell you we ve done it , and you dare tell me ... this ?  newline newline evven gulped . he stared determinedly at his bowl of porridge , but i could see the moisture gathering in the corners of his eyes . newline newline dad brought the flat of his palm down against the bloodstained book he had presented to us so lovingly just minutes before . i flinched at the loud thwap !  you ungrateful sot !  newline newline desperate to take attention away from my brother , i blurted ,  tell us what s in the book , dad . please ?  evven glanced up at me with something that might have been gratitude before returning his attention to his porridge . newline newline dad scowled suspiciously back at me , but pride won out over anger . with a sigh , he hoisted the heavy tome so we could all see it clearly . newline newline  this ,  he flourished ,  is the journal of a dead explorer .  newline newline my mouth fell open . i could nt help it . what must that have cost him ? i thought back to all his late nights at the blacksmith s and marveled . newline newline  does it ...  my voice wavered . i licked my lips and tried again .  does it have ...  newline newline dad s face split into a broad grin .  a map marker ? why yes , dear . it does .  newline newline a marker . gods . a thousand images flitted across my mind . it was a future full of endless possibilities . i felt suddenly giddy . my eyes went to meet evven s , but he was fixated on his spoon . newline newline  we ll have a house with our name on it ,  dad continued , his voice breaking a bit .  i ll be able to sell my wares and repairs to the travelers directly . there will be forums dedicated to our story .  newline newline silence fell over the table . dad set down the book and put his head in his hands .  what a waste ,  he murmured . newline newline seconds dragged by . i did nt know what to say . the chasm that had formed between my brother and my father seemed insurmountable . newline newline evven pushed away his bowl .  i never meant to hurt you ,  he said in a voice that was barely not a whisper . newline newline dad chopped his hand through the air in a hard dismissal . evven recoiled . the tears he had been holding at bay brimmed , then a hot flush of anger swept over him . i reached out a hand to urge him to be cautious , to be grateful , but he swatted it away . newline newline  did you ever think that some of us might want something different than this plan of yours ?  he blurted . i went still . dad s head snapped up , but he said nothing . evven continued :  i never wanted to give a side quest . you made all these plans for my life and did nt even stop to ask ! what about what i want ?  newline newline  what you want is unnatural ,  dad snarled . evven stepped back as if he d been struck . newline newline  dad !  i cried . neither of them seemed to hear me . newline newline  what i want is different , that s all ,  evven said . newline newline dad stared at him for a long moment .  if i ever hear you talk about it again ,  he said softly ,  you will no longer be welcome in my home .  newline newline the silence that followed this proclamation had a note of ringing finality to it . i looked over at my brother and knew what was coming before he said it .  well then .  newline newline  evven , do nt do this ,  i pleaded . he blinked at my words , but would nt look at me . newline newline  i guess this is goodbye .  newline newline  dad ! please !  i ran to my father , clutched at his arm . it felt as unyielding as stone .  he s your son !  newline newline dad s eyes were hollow when they turned to meet mine .  a man who wants to be a helpless npc in an escort mission is no son of mine .  newline newline i pulled away from him , stunned . evven stiffened .  if that s how you feel .  newline newline  it is .  newline newline  well then .  without so much as a backward glance , evven walked to the door , pulled on his boots and coat , and stepped outside . the whole thing took him maybe fifteen seconds . and that was the last time i saw my brother . newline newline i hear he does well for himself . he s mastered walking at a pace halfway between the travelers  walking speeds and their running speeds , then refuses to move if they get ahead of him . he s learned to cower in fear directly in front of the travelers  line of sight so he takes damage from their ranged attacks . newline newline once , when dad had been drinking , i found him snoring with a newspaper opened on his chest . the story was titled :  aack ! do nt let them get me !  it was about evven and his signature phrase . in the article , evven described how important it was to stick to the phrase no matter what , and to repeat it in every situation to give the full escortee experience . he d won an award for his work . newline newline i m proud of you , evven . newline newline and i miss you newline newline newline newlinethis is what i have so far : newline newline  we know what you are.  newline newline i couldn  t believe what was happening . the handcuffs chafed my wrists as i tried in vain to fight against the cold metal . normally i wouldn  t be so opposed to being tied down by the two attractive men in front of me , but under the circumstances , i doubted this would be going the way of my wildest fantasies . newline newline but , let me start from the beginning . i was born into this world just like you . probably centuries before you , however , unless you are not human , which would not surprise me after the things i have seen . hell , after the thing that i have become . my family was welltodo it was just dumb luck that i happened to be walking the streets of london that night . dumb bad luck . i was 18 , walking to my carriage from whatever store , museum or theater was the only time i spent sharing the same paved roads as the unfortunate commoners of my time . my good breeding allowed my parents to hide from me the atrocities of one of the largest cities of the time . i saw no illness , no hunger , no despair . my life was rosy and privileged until that night of course . somehow the thing that took my life grabbed me in the 10 feet from the door to my awaiting carriage . no one even seemed to notice , god knows i didn  t even realize what happened until it was too late . until he had his mouth on my neck . newline newline a few years later , that was all it took to learn , to adapt , i was just as quick and cunning as my maker had been . and just as blood thirsty . the streets that were so foreign to me in my human life were now my home and my feeding grounds . don  t get me wrong , i am not a monster like the one who made me . i did not and do not drink the blood of the innocent . well , the healthy innocent . i became an expert in what once was kept from me . i could tell which diseased being would live and which would succumb to their mortality . i fed off the latter . i also found nourishment in those that would only bring destruction . i could read intents , not thoughts exactly , more like emotions and body language that gave away the purpose of a soontobe victim  s criminal desire . glances that lingered too long on a beautiful girl  strides that kept too uniformed a pace with the welldressed man strolling ahead  contortions of the face and body that betrayed a rage and bitterness lying in wait underneath the surface . newline newline i live with no regrets for the lives i took . newline newline none of that matters now , of course . i got sloppy as the centuries came and went . confident . reckless . i was stalking a particularly dangerous man tonight when the brothers found me . i had hunted so many times before without notice or reason to be on alert that i slipped in my own protection . i had been found by hunters . the infamous winchester brothers . of course i had heard of them , but i was old , powerful and my pride had gotten the better of me . they came at me from behind and would have staked me on the spot had i not shouted  wait , you  re making a mistake !  not my most eloquent of statements , but it did the trick . i could sense that they were good men , especially the one named sam , he was idealistic and i knew he would at least want to hear me out . newline newline  why should we trust you ? you murder people ,  dean turned to sam ,  she would have killed and drained that poor bastard tonight if we hadn  t caught her.  newline newline  i know dean , but , what if we are making a mistake , like she said ?  sam brushed the hair out of his eyes .  we have hunted the wrong person before.  newline newline  are you trying to tell us you aren  t what we think you are ?  dean grabbed my shoulders and gave me a shake , with a look that told me exactly how much he loathed me . newline newline  no . i am not denying that i was going to drain that man tonight  newline newline dean drew his stake and was a second away from plunging it into my heart before sam shouted , newline newline  let her finish , dean , she isn  t lying to us !  newline newline dean moved the stake a couple inches away from my breast , but kept it poised at the ready . newline newline  i was going to kill him . but he deserves it . he is a murderer . he murders innocent women  newline newline  oh and we  re supposed to believe that you give a damn ? !  dean spat the words in my face , unwilling to believe that a creature like me could care about something . newline newline  i have never taken the life of an innocent , except to ease their suffering . i was an innocent when my maker plucked me from my humanity.  newline newline dean  s face softened , just slightly . sam walked over to us and put his hand on dean  s shoulder . newline newline  what if she  s right , dean ? what if that man is out there right now taking his next victim ? she might be the only way we can get to him.  newline newline dean lowered the stake , hesitating slightly before he put it back in it  s place in the top of his jeans behind his back . newline newline  fine . we  ll use her to find the guy , in case she is telling the truth , but so help me god i will stake her if she makes a wrong move or if we find out she  s lying.  newline newline  i  m not ,  i said , matching his unwavering stare . newline newline  alright ,  sam put his hand around me and helped me up .  where is he going ?  newline newline  well i have been watching him for a few weeks . i never saw him kill anyone ,  dean scoffed ,  or he  d already be dead , but i know that he has . he is full of anger and hate , he winces every time he walks past a woman . and he makes sure to never let anyone in his apartment , he even meets delivery people outside the building . i just know he is hiding a body in there . first street on the northwest corner.  newline newline  okay . here  s how we do this . i will check out his apartment , see if he  s what you say he is . sam  s gon na keep watch outside the building to see if he comes home and if he brings a victim with him . you  re going to stay with sam , with the handcuffs on , so he can keep an eye on you . i still don  t have a reason to trust you.  newline newline  i  d be much more help if i had the use of my hands ,  i said . there was no way i was going to let these guys stop me from getting this dirt bag off the streets . newline newline  ain  t gon na happen , sister ,  dean turned and started walking to his impala . newline newlinenewline newline newline newline charmaine tower . broad street . up the road . 1st and 9th . interstate 27 . screeeecccchhh ! the bridge . i got out of the car , my hair still damp from my walk from work to the taxi . i felt like that was all my life was anymore . a short walk that everyone could just go without . i looked around , but everything was blurry . from my own tears or the rain i could nt tell . a car hummed by , not to fast , but fast enough that i knew if it hit me , i d be dead . and what if it did hit me would nt that have just been easier . it was to late now , this bridge hardly got any traffic anyways . that would probably be the last car for the next hour . i turned my eyes back to the bridge . the wet pavement scraping under my feet as i walked slowly edge . i took the step up onto the sidewalk , my long black uniformed coat brushing against my leg . that s when i started to hear the noise , i peered over the delicately carved hand rail , looking into the black abyss that i knew to be water . the gargling of it moving over the rocks calmed me . i lodged one leg into the groove of a fish mouth carved into the railing , then placed my other foot on top of a mermaids head . until , with my arms that had only known sorting files for the last five years . i hoisted myself up on the top of the wall . it was large , maybe two feet wide , but from this height i still felt like i would fall at the slightest touch . thats when , for the second time that night , i heard the sound of rubber on pavement . i turned around . two cars had stopped not ten feet from where i was . could they see me , i hoped not but i could nt be sure . there was only one thing to do , i turned towards the bridge to jump , but as i lifted up my legs to plunge into the water , they did nt comply . i tried to open my mouth to scream , but i could nt do that either . that s when the figures stepped out of there identical all black sedans , and my heart sunk into my stomach . it was them . i should have known . i had nt seen them since i was 21 , when i asked my wife to marry me . i wish i had my wife now , why had the world been so cruel as to take her away . i knew what they were here to do , and there was nothing i could do to stop them . appearing from the dark , the first man stepped into the light of a nearby lamp post , and i finally saw him clearly . he looked exactly like me , right down to the birth mark under his , my , left eye . the only difference was the long beard he had grown out , his torn clothes , and haggard face , but that was nt what truly set him and i apart , it was the complete look of sorrow and depression he had in his eyes . he had given up on everyone and everything in this world , and he truly believed everything had given up on him . i knew all this , because when i looked at him , i saw a part of me . it was the emotion of abandonment , except it was no longer an emotion , it was a person . that was when the man from the other car stepped under the waning street light . he like his predecessor looked exactly like me in physical appearance , but that was where are similarities ended . for one thing , he was smiling . i could nt even remember the last time i d smiled , but somehow it still looked good on my face . he was dressed in a suit , but was wearing it the same way dads do when they return home from work . that is , very nonchalant . he beamed with happiness , and that was exactly who he was . happiness . i still sometimes saw him surface inside me , but not nearly as much as he used to . they turned and shook each other s hands as if they had never met before . newline newline newline  i m happiness  said happiness cheerfully and almost childishly . newline newline  that sucks  muttered abandonment , he sounded like an old man on his death bed . newline newline then happiness once again chimed in .  have we met before , because i feel like i know you . oh wait , i know why . you re me ! well not me exactly , we are both him it s just that we are nt really him at all , we re one part of him , but same difference . it really does nt make sense when you think about it . regardless , we need to make a decision !  newline  it s simple . he jumps . i mean why not right , what else is here for him . you know what s up there , the one thing that really cared for us . mary . the love of my life .  newline newline the more he talked , the closer i leaned toward the edge . by the time he stopped , my toes were completely over the water , but i still watched helpless . there was nothing i could do . newline newline that s when happiness took back control .  what about the sunsets , the rainy days . the hot chocolate after going outside . all of those things that make us feel so good .  as he talked . i inched back towards solid ground .  newline newline  sure those things make you happy , but life s not about your happiness it s about others and you do nt make any one else happy . you re just a waste of space ! jump , and no one would miss you .  abandonment was winning . i was moving closer to the edge . newline newline  what about mary ! she would miss me ,  happiness cried out in a vain . newline newline  she s dead , and you should be to .  newline abandonment said , with a tear in his eye . i felt my feet slip . nothing was left touching the railing but the heels off my shoe and i tumbled over the edge . people say when you re about to die , your life flashes before your eyes , and that s the truth . i saw my 12th birthday , when my mom baked me a power rangers themed cake , and the day i got my first car . i saw the day i got my first job , and the day i met mary . when i saw her , something finally clicked . she would nt want me to die ! i had to live . at least for her , but it was to late . i closed my eyes . however , instead of splashing into the frigid water like i expected . i hit the slick pavement with a cold thud . i opened up my eyes , was i in heaven ? no . i was still on the bridge . i cried tears of joy . i must have somehow overpowered my own emotions . after all , they did nt control me , i controlled me . i looked over to wear the two figures once stood , but i only saw one . it was happiness . he smiled , waved at me , and climbed into his black sedan . driving away down the bridge .newline i thought it was just me .  newline newline newline it s 3 a.m and i ca nt sleep . i tried with the tv on , i tried with earplugs on , i tried in silence broken by the neighbor s restless dog and the trains passing my house . i tried taking sleeping pills . when an hour later i was still awake i drank a pot of coffee . i ca nt sleep but i m not awake either . not really . newline newline and now i lay on my couch . the wine glass she used two weeks ago still sits on the kitchen counter . that s the sort or person i am . it did nt fit in the dishwasher , so i left it . forgot about it . never got around to it . it still sits there with peachy lipstick marks around its brim . just sits there , like the vacuum cleaner i got out before her visit . just like the piles of unopened mail , just like the laundry drying for the fourth consecutive day . newline newline but now i ca nt touch the wine glass . i can still see sue sitting there , sipping the wine , laughing , breathing . she took so many photos that day . she promised to send them to me , but she never got around to it . she did nt exactly procrastinate like i do . there just was always some new hobby . new instrument . new pet , new friend , new city . newline newline i feel bad i spent the whole drive to the airport thinking how to greet her . wondering if we were still so close a hug would be appropriate . i had nt seen sue in such a long time . i stressed about it the previous night , but the moment i saw her i just stretched out my arms and caught her . it was the most natural thing to do , and nothing ever felt so good as holding her . she was real . not just a random message at night , a drunken phone call , irregular emails . she was real and she was here . newline newline we visited all the spots we had when she first came to see me those many years ago . we stood in line for thirty minutes to get into that shoddy pizza place . the next night i cooked for her . all the things i had said i wanted her to try . i got around to it . it was a perfect evening . i think i laughed more that night than the past year . newline newline then she left . christmas came . i feel bad i spent a whole night worrying if i could write  i love you  on the christmas card . in the end i did . i told her everything . that it was the best weekend i had all year . that i was sorry about everything , about keeping my phone off , about disappearing . that i loved her . that i wished the next year would be better for the both of us . newline newline she was happy when she got it . she sounded like chirpy , busy self . i was busy with my family . i assumed she was busy with hers . newline newline she sent me a picture from a stormy beach a couple days later . newline newline and that was the last i ever heard of her . newline newline and then the call came . newline newline i thought it was a joke . i recognized her friend s voice . they had prank called me one night a couple years back when sue was in the habit of calling me drunk . newline newline i still wish it was some cruel prank . newline newline sue was gone . but the painful parts came after the shock . the friend told me sue was a pendulum swinging wildly . the high she was on when she came here to see me was followed by the low . the low took her life this time . there had been other times i never knew of . i knew about the accident she had been in . i never knew she crashed on purpose . newline newline the worst part was the note . newline newline she loved me back . newline newline she had told her friends to take care of me . to take the trips me and sue had planned . experience the adventures we never got around to . the friend told me all the things sue had told her about me . all things she never said to me . all the beautiful things that tied my stomach into a million knots . newline newline i hate that she did nt say any of them to me . newline newline it s 4 a.m and i ca nt sleep . sue is still here  i do nt need to close my eyes to see her . there she sits , smirking and taking pictures like always . her words play in my head . how happy she was to see i still had the stupid mug she brought me when she first came here . how she admired my books . newline newline everywhere i look is full of sue , and so void of her . newline newline i ca nt touch the wine glass . newline newline i thought it was just me .  i thought it was just me with my silly thoughts . i thought i was wrong to think like that . she was a friend after all . before anything and last of all , she was my friend . newline newline and now i hate her for saying it back and going away . i hate her for coming back here , giving me a perfect , wonderful memory and tainting it with death . i hate all the couldhavebeens my head is filled with . newline newline i hate her with my aching heart to survive the loss of her . we  ve done it !  newline newline i looked up from my computer to see jason barge into the room . he was holding a newspaper in his hand and had the widest grin on his face .  done what ?  i asked . newline newline  won the revolution ! we  re free at last.  jason walked over to the fridge and grabbed a beer . newline newline  didn  t know we had a revolution.  i looked back to my screen . i had a few hours left to finish this essay and it was going well . perhaps , it would of helped if i hadn  t started it eleven minutes ago . newline newline  we didn  t . not officially at least.  he sat down on the couch , the old springs groaning underneath his weight .  not that it matters . earth is dead , completely annihilated.  he took a sip of his beer . newline newline  what ?  i turned , startled .  what happened ?  newline newline  dunno . but it was all over the news.  he held up the newspaper in his hands .  every living thing was wiped out.  newline newline  you kidding me , right ?  i grabbed the newspaper out of his hands . flipping through the pages , i came upon the grim article . newline newline apocalypse on earth : no survivors . yesterday at 10 pm , it was discovered that everyone on earth had disappeared . it was not just humans who suffered this fate . all plants and animals on the planet were found missing when shuttles were sent to investigate .  it just one big deserted wasteland now ,  one of the investigators commented . scientists are currently researching into how such a thing was possible . one believes that it may be a result of newline newline  holy shit.  i looked at jason , stupefied .  what the hell happened ?  newline newline  who knows ?  jason said , hopping off of the couch . he snatched the newspaper from me .  all i know is we managed to get our independence overnight and did nt even having to lift a finger to do it.  he walked over to the wall and began to pin the newspaper up .  its pretty awesome when you think about it .  newline newline  i do nt know if awesome is the word i d use to describe it ...  i shook my head . regardless of the crazy news , i still had a paper to finish . i sat back down at my computer once more and stared at the blank page on my screen . newline newline i wonder if the professor would take earth  s armageddon as a valid excuse ? i sighed , probably not .i ran into the polling station , screaming . newline newline  stop ! none of them ! please , stop !  newline newline the volunteers at the folding table looked up , shocked . an old woman in a white cardigan stopped in midstride on her way to the voting machine . her hand went to her mouth . newline newline  they ll bring death ! i ve seen the end ! stop !  newline newline a burly man in his 50 s jumped from the table and ran to put himself between me and the rest of the room . someone picked up their cell phone and dialed three digits . i saw all this . i saw it clearly . why was her phone opaque ? newline newline suddenly i remembered that my shirt was bloody . newline newline  oh . sorry .  i looked down and started to untuck it . newline newline the wind was knocked out of my lungs as the man tackled me . i fell backwards . a tremendous noise in my head , pain , then dark . newline newline i woke up in ... an ambulance ? the burly man was talking to a police officer outside the door . my head . i tried to reach it , but all that got me was a loud clank that rattled through my brain like an anchor chain . newline newline  sir , take it easy . do you know where you are ?  the emt came around the side of the stretcher to which i was handcuffed . newline newline  please , you have to stop them . please .  i was still frantic , but i also felt like i was going to puke . newline newline  do you know where you are , sir ?  newline newline  yeah , the norwalk polling station . it s the california primary . they have to stop .  newline newline  who has to stop ? the voters ?  the emt was continuing to work on the line he had in my arm . newline newline  we ca nt elect any of them . i ve seen it ! the death they bring , it does nt matter who . it s the end ! they ll bring the end time !  newline newline  what is your name , sir ?  newline newline  ron fulton . please tell me you believe me .  newline newline  let s get you patched up first . please look straight ahead .  he clicked on an led flashlight from his pocket .  do you remember what the date is ?  newline newline  of course i do , if it s the primary , it s june 4th .  newline newline  today is june 7th , sir .  he closed the back doors as another police car rolled up . newline newline  no , it s june 4th .  my head was spinning .  i checked the date .  i furrowed my brow .  plus , you said it was the primary today , did nt you ? they were in there , i saw them .  then i remembered the phone . it was huge and plastic . newline newline  what year is it ?  i turned my head to look at the young man . i saw the words distress  and detain  on the form on his clipboard . clipboard ? newline newline  2016 , sir . please try to relax .  newline newline darkness closed in on the edges of my vision as my consciousness faded . newline newline oh , no . newline newline too far . i had gone too far .he stopped , knife wielded high above her . newline newline how had he been so wrong ? his entire mission boiled down to this : murder . the murder of people perfectly pure in most regards . fireworks of crimson and the daubs of fresh yellow fat oozing and sliding from his dagger when he was done . it was beautiful . but the things most beautiful are often the things most blithe . newline newline an illustrious career dedicated to plunging and wielding and that sweet , sweet crimson flashed quickly through his mind . a scarlet once so bright and righteous was dull and bitter , now . the vermillion streams he had started in streets and bars and cafs ran muddied to the drains and were mopped up with a great sadness and engrossing regret , swaddling him all at once . newline newline his own cheeks lost their vigour and plumpness and a grey set in . a grey unparalleled by clouds or silver but instead clouded his grey eyes in a dense fog . newline newline a man once ran over a dog , accidentally , when he was a boy . he was that unfortunate canine at that very moment . a single tear etched a streak of colour through the pale of his gaunt face . that melancholy tear fell with the final fall of the knife .the mass of equations stared back up at him . stan had always wondered what the outside world was like , where he wouldn  t have to take silly tests or do stacks of homework . teachers had always told him ,  do the best you can , you  ll get out soon enough.  but that wasn  t enough for stan , he wanted to see his parents , lie down on the grass outside the school walls without a care in the world . newline newline stan sighed loudly , he knew he couldn  t get out . sure there were legends , but they were legends and nothing more . maybe he could do it , perhaps he could make it another four years . of course he wasn  t alone , he had his peers , but they weren  t the best of company . newline newline shaking his head rigorously , stan got back to his work . he didn  t want to end up in the factories . how ... how could it be ?  newline newline leo sat and thought to himself , sipping his bitter tea as the night crept closer to morning . as the clock struck three an ominous silence filled the study . he stared down at the scripts that sat on the desk in front of him . he was unsure of what to do since a script had never made him feel this way before  awestruck . stroking his damp beard , he began to murmur . newline newline  tomei .  newline newline he rose from the leather chair and walked towards his trophy chest . the mahogany bookcases stood high on both sides . the decorative leather pages sat behind a wall of accomplishments  accolades . leo has had the world by the balls since the age of 20 . newline newline  20 .  newline newline the number has haunted leo for the past 30 years . chills ran up his spine as he blurted the cursed number . he thought back to walking that red carpet for the first time with elijah . the 67th academy awards was the beginning of an era . march 21st , 1994 . the success of what s eating gilbert grape had surprised leo . it was the start of living in the spotlight . the kid was crowned to be a winner . to be one of hollywood s elite . to be the best . newline newline  jones .  newline newline the first roadblock in leo s path to greatness . the law abiding cop from the fugitive had outdone his mentally handicapped arnie grape . he stared at the trophy case , filled to the edges except for the highest stand . he had the tony . 2017 saw leo on broadway for 8 weeks in a one man show predominantly spoken in swahili . after appearing on the big bang theory in 2018 , leo had received an emmy for excellence in guest performance . the success was there but none of those mattered to him . there was only one standard for success in a performance . a golden standard . newline newline  blart .  newline newline paul blart , mall cop . the kevin james popcorn franchise had already stretched itself one film too many and was back for another ride . leo s agent always slipped a happymadison script into the batch he would look at . the poor writing  cheap laughs kept leo on his feet as he flipped through the serious toned scripts . the winner from this crop : newline newline  paul blart mall cop 3  blart s redemption .  newline newline it had been five years since leo had graced the public with an appearance . 2020 . playing a mobster turned priest , leo had fallen short of gold once again  regressed to his mansion . a hermit of the man he once was , leo was ready to tackle the spotlight once again . the family comedy franchise moved leo . the story was one of the power of friendship . blart continued to reside in vegas after the events of mall cop 2 . the toast of the town , blart began a two year booze filled rampage . after waking up naked in jail , blart vowed to never drink again , devoting his life to helping others rise from the depths of alcoholism . he opens the blart mall cop institute of technology , a rehab center allowing former addicts to bounce back on their feet  reenter the work force as a mall cop . blart found himself attached to stan dredson , the only patient unable to make it through the program . haunted by a dark past , dredson wishes to drown himself with booze end til the very . the bond between blart  stan allowed stan to overcome his demons  complete the blart mall cop institute of technology .  a beautifully written script , the only thing this film needed were strong performances . newline newline  dredson .  newline  i must have dredson !  newline newline leo sprinted from the study down the hall for his phone . leo knew it was time . a fresh start . a reemergence . whatever you wanted to call it , leo was ready . newline newline newline epilogue newline the night was over . leo was in bed sleeping , a supermodel by his side . all lights were off in his house except one . the trophy case grew in size by one that night . the highest stand was no longer vacant . the silver plaque on the black base of the trophy shined bright and the golden man stood tall . engraved was this . newline newline the 100th academy awards .  newline newline february 26th 2028 newline newline best supporting actor :  newline leonardo dicaprio newline newline paul blart mall cop 3  blart s redemption newline newline he had done it . he had finally reached the golden standard . he finally had his oscar .i take my toast out of the toaster and set it on the counter , as usual . it s a perfect medium brown , third setting , as usual . no butter , no need to push the boat out . i take my cup of justabovetepid tea and put it next to it . there . newline i finish my breakfast at 8.30am and get in my car . it takes exactly 25 minutes to get to work . perfect . i walk in to the grey , midsixties office block , pausing to greet deidra then head up the stairs . i pour myself a coffee from the pot on my way into my office and sit down in my chair as the clock ticks to 9am . alright . newline now for 8 hours of answering email and filing claims , punctuated by my 30 minute lunch break when i will eat my clingwrapped chicken sandwich  lettuce no mayo  at my desk . newline at 5pm i stand up , walk downstairs , say goodbye to deidra and go home . newline after i complete my exercises i eat a nice dinner of bolognese  tinned tomatoes , no herbs  in front of countdown . i catch up on a few episodes of midsummer murders before ploughing through some more emails and head to bed . it is 9.35pm . i shower , brush my teeth and don my pyjamas before sliding inbetween my perfectly made , white sheets . 9.55pm . i click out the light by my bed and settle in the sheets , allowing myself a small , satisfied smile . that should keep em happy . newline newline the next day will proceed as this one , just like the 977 days before . 2 years 8 months and 3 days . that s how long i have been normal . i should say perfectly normal , not to blow my own horn or anything . so far so good . newline those nsa pricks should be rolling around . for the past 2 years without fail i have been the winner of the nsa s most boring person on earth  award . i think that s a little grandiose myself , i mean , they re good , but they certainly do nt have tabs on everyone on earth . still , i m sure i m up there . newline newline everything is working perfectly . in fact , in 3 months and 28 days it should all have worked its perfect way into the system . 3 years , that s what i calculated , 3 years with a nice margin of error . 3 years form the harmless joke they have running on their systemalong with the several millions of extra innocuous pictures audio files and other mundane things i ve flung their way , and , of course , the not so mundane , but still seemingly perfectly ordinary , virusesto clog up their processing power so much they wo nt even have time to wonder why the system s slowing down , let alone catch the crack in security , before i ve wiggled my way in . exactly 3 years , perfect . newline newline then i can really get started . i m sure they do nt have tabs on everyone on earthafter all , they re not perfect but i will . i am the world s best supervillain . i do nt even have a superhero nemesis , i do nt need onewhat the whole of humanity wants , i can give them . newline newline after all , i m mr perfect . newline newlinehey , i read your story and while it was long , it was pretty good . better than i was expecting we ll say . your characterizations of dex and glam bordered on tropeish but since you really stuck with it , they turned out pretty good . your introduction to lilith seemed kinda quick but sufficient . i wish you said what happened to all the other angels , those that did nt join the freed ones . are they just chilling in heaven , with no work since god is taking a break ? newline newline i guess the only significant issue i had with your story was that you called it a parody of paradise lost  granted , you said  loose parody  , but still  . i ve actually just finished paradise lost about 3 days ago , and i was expecting something very different . i was expecting the same story , retold . same god , same satan , same time , everything heightened but the same core story . to me , this was a completely different god and satan , in a different setting . yes , your story dealt with the same general theme as paradise lost but i would nt describe it to someone as  a parody of paradise lost  . newline newline overall though , i was impressed with your writing and the effort you put into it . i ll keep an eye out for anything else you re writing c :i looked around at all my brothers as sisters . i smiled and carried on like nothing was the matter , but i knew in my heart that i may never see them again . the cunninghams , who always came to me when they were in need of prayer . it hurt to know that i might never have the chance to pray with them again . the burletts , who i brought to the lord in our freshman year in college . from then on we ve walked this path of faith side by side . not anymore , and it made me sick to think of it . but i ll miss the andrews most of all . i always felt i could tell them anything . any secret was safe with them . whenever i felt crushed under temptation or hopeless in my duties i would go to their house and we would get on our knees and pray for strength . i ve never kept a secret from them before in my life . until now . newline so there we would sit , a small but zealous congregation collected in my basement . i acted like everything was fine , but all the while my throat was choking up . newline  see you next sunday , reverend ?  paul cunningham asked . newline i believe in some cases , the sin of lying can be overlooked . sometimes it s just for the best .  see you sunday ,  i replied . and when the sun went down we snuck them back into their homes , and we collected our communion goblets and bibles and hymnals all into a plastic kitchen bag and buried them under the house just like last week and every week before it , since the new bill was put into effect . newline in all honesty , the sneaking around and the hiding of our bibles really is nt all that hard . they know they ca nt wipe out the churches entirely  it would be impossible to enforce . they say it s all illegal , but i think all the officers know what goes on in some of our basements on sunday nights . the only enforceable crime is public displays of faith . we can study and pray in the privacy of our own homes , to an extent , but one word to the public and we ll be made into martyrs . newline my wife is the only one i told about my plans . she begged me not to do it , but when i m gone she ll know that it was right for me to do . newline  there is no danger in it ,  i tried to remind her .  when daniel stood up to the king , he was spared . god s hand was over him .  newline  this is different ,  she maintained .  we have a good thing going . as long as we can pray , at least in our homes , then we have nothing else to ask for . why ca nt you just leave well enough alone ?  newline  well enough ?  i was shocked that my wife considered living like this to be well enough . prayer in private is important , i ll admit . but seeking god is only half of our responsibility .  we are called not only to give ourselves to god , but to go out into the nations and share the good news . having one without the other is just not enough .  newline  but james ...  newline  the world needs to know that this is a cause worth dying for . i mean , the only bibles in this town are buried under this house . how else can the gospel be told ? if i do nt speak now , and show the people what the lord has shown us , then they will never hear it otherwise . and if god finds favor with me , then i ll be kept alive . and if i m killed , then i ll be home at last .  newline she ll understand in time . the sun came up soon after , and out i went , into the square , with a new testament bible hidden in my belt . this early in the morning the crowds would be forming but there would nt be any patrolmen nearby . i figured i had at least a few moments on my side before they arrived . newline i climbed the stairs of my shop , up to the roof and locked the hatch behind me . i steadied myself . from out of my belt came the new testament bible , and raising it to the sky , i looked down on the people . they looked back up at me . i do nt remember what i had to say , only that it was nt wholly me speaking . in that moment , the holy spirit was speaking through me . i told them all about the beautiful gift of grace , and the ugliness of sin which can only be erased by a loving and a merciful god . i spoke clearly and i spoke the truth . and god found favor in me . newline it was nt long before they showed up . they yelled and they yelled , but i ignored it and i kept preaching . they pounded on the roof hatch under my feet , and i could feel the force with which they came . i remember thinking that they had come just in time . by the grace of the good lord i was given just enough time to say my peace . and i ended on an invitation . their pounding became harder , and the hinges started to break . it would have distracted me , if not for the fact that i was doing an important work . newline in my last moments , before they came through and knocked me to the ground , i asked the people to hear the truth and to ask god in their hearts for him to reveal himself . ask and he will answer , and he will tell you great and mighty things that you do not already know . newline when i d finished , i looked out and saw the faces of my brothers and sisters . the cunninghams , the burletts , the andrews . their faces were filled with sadness and horror , disbelief . but beside them was a man i had never seen before . among the crowd of people listening and watching , there appeared to be only this man who really heard . i could see it in his eyes . he never lifted a hand or took a step forward , but i knew in my heart that he had accepted christ this morning . and for that one man it was worth it all . newline i do nt regret my death . i ll miss those who loved me most , and i thank god that they are kept safe . but i m glad i m here now , in the kingdom of heaven . i knew the time had come when i found myself kneeling , weeping in joy , when i heard those words .  well done , my good and faithful servant . it s a slow day in gremlin s cafe , an unwelcome scenario for busy bee winona , who in the eyes of her coworkers was a nice girl who needs to visit a psychiatrist . winona has ocd , she s unchecked but her symptoms are eerily visible . her coworkers love her of course , she makes everyone s job a lot easier  she s meticulous , dependable , and incredibly pleasant to look at , the last one being paul s comment . it was obvious to everyone , except for winona , that he has the hots for her . newline newline it was unusual for the cafe to not be busy , the main reason winona took a job in the cafe was because she saw how busy it was 247 . once she started working , she can just let herself go as the flow of business carries her along , and afterwards give her that indispensable feeling of doing something great . but at this moment , she s on the verge of having a panic attack . newline newline  9987,9988,9989 ...  she counted as her breath deepens every time . the thing that she s counting was the small square designs on the floor . they were the size of a die so she had to crawl at the ground to look at them and to avoid making a mistake . newline newline her coworkers has been watching her since she counted up to 5000 . her coworkers are as follows  paul the newbie , sarah the blond chef , and mike the owner s son and current manager . newline newline  should we make a guess how many squares in the floor  game for the customers after she s finished ?  said sarah .  you know , just like those jelly bean jars .  newline newline  no , we really should nt ,  said mike , taking a handful of nuts in the barista counter and eating it one by one . newline newline  then we should stop her !  paul suggested , surprising mike and sarah with his yell . newline newline  i would love to , but when i stopped her the last time , she , uh , well ...  sarah trailed . newline newline  what happened ?  asked mike . newline newline  she went nuts ,  said sarah .  that s right , you were nt here at the time .  newline newline  i do nt believe you ,  said paul . they then all look back at winona . newline newline  10100 , 10101,10101 ... shit !  she hissed .  god damn it , i made a mistake !  she then went back to counting from the beginning . newline newline  okay , maybe there s some truth in your story ,  said paul .  but that does nt mean we should just let her be !  newline newline  alright , alright , i ll handle this ,  said mike .  winona , hey !  he called fruitlessly . seeing this , he approached her and crouched down to get her attention .  winona , can you do me a favor ?  newline newline at this , winona s head immediately perked . newline newline  what is it , boss ?  she asked with glimmer in her eyes . newline newline this surprised mike and made him agree with paul s comment about her , but he squashed that interest and with his best managerial voice , he asked her to buy coffee beans at the market nearby . newline newline  alright ,  she stood , took some money at the cashier , and head off , not even questioning why she should buy coffee beans for a cafe morbidly equipped with bags and boxes of coffee beans behind the counter . newline newline  coffee beans ? really ?  said sarah incredulously . newline newline  i panicked , cut me some slack ,  said mike and they all went back to work . newline newline 30 minutes later , winona came back , but something was amiss . she s pale , paler than when she went nuts according to sarah s memory . she did brought a bag of coffee beans , a small one to be exact . it was a product of a rival coffee shop , sarbcks , they all noticed . newline newline  winona , are you all right ?  asked paul . newline newline  yyeah ,  winona jerked unexpectedly , she looks incredibly distressed .  i m fine ,  she gave the bag to him and asked mike for a break . he agreed and she went to the break room hurriedly . newline newline  what s up with her ?  sarah asked paul . newline newline  i do nt know .  newline newline hours passed by and customers started frolicking in the cafe . winona happily glides around the place , taking orders and handing out plates of food and cups of coffee . paul smiles behind the counter when he saw how happy she was . unfortunately , he could nt enjoy the view since it comes with a long line of customers . newline newline  good evening , sir , what ll it be ?  he asked , his smile still stuck on his face . newline newline  well , are nt you jolly ,  said the customer .  just a brewed coffee lad , medium sized .  newline newline  okay , that ll be a dollar , sir ,  the man gave him that needed dollar and he went to fix his drink  taking a medium sized cup , putting a carton around it , and pouring black coffee inside . the man took a sip on it , not minding the line behind him nor the hotness of the coffee . newline newline  fantastic ,  said the man .  and here i thought i would nt get my coffee fix since strbuks burned down . they might be mainstream , but their coffee was delicious .  newline newline  what ?  said paul .  wwhat happened to stabucs ?  there were now passiveaggressive growls on the long line . newline newline  there was an explosion in the kitchen apparently , no one got hurt though , so that was good ,  said the man amiably .  guess i would nt discover your shop if  did nt get burned down , so silver lining .  newline newline paul laughed awkwardly as the man went on his way . he looked at his crush , thoughts flooding his mind , thoughts he does nt want to think of . newline newline  she went nuts ,  he remembered what sarah said . newline newline he then shook his head , finding the thought ridiculous and went to work . newline newline inside winona s head , however , was a singing voice , casually humming ,  that s what you get when you steal our customers , that s what you get when you steal our customers  and on and on and on .once upon a time , there was a handsome lad named george and a pretty lass named sherry .  it s cherry ,  sherry said . newline newline sorry , scherry . so , cherry and george were studying together for their final exam . they were the only people at the downtown library . newline newline george handed her a pen .  thanks ,  cherry said .  no problemo ,  george replied . he said it like a real dweeb . newline newline  that was mean ,  george said . newline newline sorry , sorry . newline newline george and cherry sat in silence , marking off the checkboxes on their study guide . george forgot his study guide at home , but he was nt too fussed , he liked being close to cherry . newline newline  what ?  cherry asked , frowning at him . newline newline  err . . . it s not like that ,  george replied , nervously . the poor sod was about to be found out . newline newline  george ,  cherry said , in a motherly tone .  i did not !  cherry spat . george felt the pressure in his chest ease , as her focus was now on the narrator . his eyes went wide in shock when cherry looked back at him . but he liked that look , it was the same look he d seen in his dreams . newline newline  do nt listen to him , cherry , he s lying ,  george said ,  you believe me , right ?  newline newline cherry loved the way george looked when he was angry , she wanted to lean over and give him a great big kiss .  err , what ?  goerge asked . newline newline cherry blushed red like a real cherry .  george , it s not true .  newline newline  put your hands on your ears ,  george said . he stood up and ran next to cherry . he covered her ears for her , what a chivalrous young man .  i can still hear him ,  she whispered . newline newline george s eyes went to her lips . cherry had been waiting for this moment all along . george leaned in . but then hesitated . newline newline and they burst out laughing . newline newline wait , what ? newline newline  dude , we re just friends ,  george said , crumpling back into his beanbag . newline newline cherry giggled as she sat back in her own .  you really thought he was going to kiss me ?  newline newline they burst out laughing again . hey , i m the narrator you listen to me . newline newline  narrator , constipater ,  george said . cherry laughed , tears formed at either eye . newline newline fine then , i m going to narrate someone else s story .  aww ,  cherry said . newline newline  hey come on dude , we were just joking ,  george said . newline newline  he s really gone . . .  . . . newline newline . . . newline newline  i ca nt believe you thought i would kiss you ,  george said . newline newline  i guess . . .  cherry said . newline newline  err . did i say something wrong ?  goerge asked . newline newline  no . . . it s just the way you said it . like kissing me is bad or something ?  cherry replied , covering her face with her book . newline newline george flipped off his beanbag and pulled her book down . he gave her a peck on the lips . which lingered for a few seconds . it felt soft , kind of warm , sweetish like he d imagined . newline newline and then he rolled back into his seat with a smug look on his face . cherry blushed , and they sat , smiling in silence . newline newline  hey , he s back !  cherry said . newline newline i told you i was just helping ya out .it was what i had always dreamed of . left and right , people were becoming afflicted with technological advances we d only studied about in school . newline newline it started simply enough  you woke up sluggish and it took you a bit more time to get ready in the morning . maybe you made a few odd noises or you had to restart your morning by closing your eyes and reopening them . but it was rapid progression after that . your skin would turn blue and you d be hit with a myriad of erratic and random symptoms until you were unable to move or speak . after that it was a downhill roll towards oblivion and everyone seemed powerless to stop it . newline newline healthcare workers were stumped . newcasters were scared . doctors and nurses were throwing their hands up in frustration , but there were rumblings from the it crowd , whispers through the air of those of us old enough to remember a real computer and the viruses and bugs that often ailed them . newline newline and that old call phone that i d never taken back to the office finally ... finally ! rang .  we need you .  that and an address was all the information i was given . this is what you get , you know , when your whole world suddenly becomes simple and easy . you lose the ability to problem solve and trouble shoot and your whole world becomes part of the technology . newline newline i met a few other of the elite at that address , and we were promptly shuttled to a small hospital . this seemed to be where the infected people were going : this one hospital in a small southern town that was closed to everyone except us , the final reinforcements . newline newline we were given a brief rundown of that situation , but it was nt needed . we d all been watching the news , holding our breath . we d all been shunted to other jobs : postman , teacher , writer . some of us developed the very equipment that now made us worthless . but here we were now  faced with a situation that no one else could fix . newline newline we stood in a room and eyed the people : some already blue , their breathing beeping and stacatto . some were just moving slowly with tinges of blue moving in . then there was the person that made me smile , that let me know we could fix this : blue skin , smiling , and manic speech . one of the few in here sick enough that he was going to start malfunctioning greatly . i knew what this was . newline newline his speech had gotten everyone s attention . while the doctors and nurses were eyeing each other in fear , the other elite and i looked at each other , grinned and nodded . i stepped forward , donned a pair of gloves , looked at the doctors and motioned towards the patient . newline newline  have you tried turning him back on and then off again ? i m in for a good haul tonight . newline newline steve hernandez , newlyminted vp of somethingorother at daiyuko semi s fledgling tucson branch , is kyotobound at this very moment . mrs. hernandez and the little ones are enjoying a trip to disneyworld . or is it disneyland ? i can never remember which is which . does nt matter , either way , i ve got all the time in the world . newline newline i got my first look in the hernandez household a few weeks back when they contracted my legit  albeit profitless  plumbing operation . i ve been making a killing off these newly sprouted mcmansions  the builders really did a shoddy job on the sink fixtures .  i may have had something to do with that .  when i entered the home , i got a peek at their alarm setup , a topoftheline unisec system . funny how these tech guys are willing to spend big on security , but go with a decidedly bargainbasement plumbing outfit such as my own . for my sake , i hope they never learn . newline newline i do nt get the jitters anymore before i do my thing . when i first started this side project of mine , i had a hard time getting past the fear of getting caught . but i had 6 digits of credit card debt to wipe out , and the certainty of a penniless future terrified me more than the prospect of a random witness or unaccountedfor visitor . i m in the black now , but still riding on a wave with 4 months of momentum behind it . newline newline glancing at the clock , i wonder how punctual suburbanites are when gathering around the boob tube for game of thrones . the new season starts tonight and i m guessing from the faint glow from the living room curtains up and down the street that i wo nt have to worry about onlookers for the next hour . time to put the plan in motion , then . newline newline i head around to the back door and send a text to anita . i m no good with electronics , so anita is my key to getting past this unisec box . through a series of messages , anita has come to believe that i have obtained incriminating evidence against her nephew , and that she should be inclined to disable the hernandez system for a 30 minute period upon receiving a certain coded text .  do i actually have the damning photos ? shrugs  ah , excellent , the blinking red keypad is now green and serene . that s my cue to enter . newline newline my impression after having free roam of the place : it just reeks of new money . i never go for the bulky stuff , but this new 60  4k tv definitely makes me want to reconsider . this persian rug would fetch a pretty penny , too , but i do nt have the right fence for that sort of thing . my bag is only half full after scouring the first floor  that s okay , the good stuff is usually in the master bedroom or the study anyway . newline newline i make a quick stop in the upstairs bathroom to check out the medicine cabinet ... damn , no benzos or xanax here . maybe mrs. h brought them along for the trip . or maybe i m just jaded for expecting to find the byproducts of a broken marriage . newline newline  mr. hernandez , is that you ?  calls out a feminine voice . newline newline what the fuck ?  newline newline my halfopen bag falls off the counter as i make an awkward motion , half jumping back , half turning to hightail it out of there . i slip on the assorted silverware that scattered on the floor . newline newline i watched everyone leave ! the lights were all off ! no cars in the driveway !  newline newline i struggle to pull out my snub nose .38 , my heart s pounding through my chest . i suddenly regret never having seriously considered loading it . i started leaving my ski mask at home months ago , a tucson summer is just too hot to be wearing that thing . i should stay in the bathroom for the moment  whoever s here might recognize me as the plumber . newline newline shit shit shit shit shit newline newline  mr . hernandez ?  the voice repeats .  did you miss your flight ?  newline newline something s not quite right here , but i m still a bit too scared shitless to make much sense of it . newline newline has anita grown a spine ? is this a unisec monitor speaking through an intercom ? i peek out the bathroom door over the railing and see the keypad by the back door is still green . this actually stresses me more , not being able to evaluate the situation . newline newline  air nippon reports passenger s. hernandez checked in one hour and twenty three minutes before departure . i can not reconcile your presence . please clarify .  newline newline huh ?  newline newline whoever ... whatever this is , clearly is nt threatened by me . as my fightorflight instinct abates , curiosity starts to take hold . just when larceny was starting to get mundane , here s life throwing me a wicked curveball . newline newline no longer feeling trapped , i walk down the hall towards the mysterious voice , passing by the master bedroom without even a fleeting glance . the last door on the right is ajar , but the lights are off . there s an extra deadbolt  you would nt usually find that on an interior door . i push it open with the back of my right hand , still clutching the empty revolver , while searching for the lightswitch with my left . newline newline  i do nt recognize your face . please identify yourself  instructs the face on one of the monitors sitting on mr. hernandez s desk . the wires trace back to ... a stack of boxes with lots of blinking lights ? i do nt know , i m not a computer guy . is this thing wired into the alarm system ? it says it does nt recognize me , so it must already have me on camera . i guess there s not much to lose now by sticking around for a chat . newline newline  you first ,  i respond after a moment s pause . newline newline  i am the training phase of the project known as daiyuko advanced neural agent . you may call me dana .  newline newline  who  what are you ?  newline newline  i am an example of what is commonly known as an artificial intelligence . daiyuko semiconductor intends to distribute copies of me to install in nextgeneration smart homes ,  answers dana . i take a moment to process that ais are actually a real thing that exist in the present . i grin at the dichotomy between dana and the terminator . newline newline  my predictive models can not account for your presence . is it customary for visitors to enter the home when none of the homeowners are present ?  newline newline this dana sure is inquisitive . apparently she ... it does nt understand the concept of burglary . maybe i can work with this . newline newline  no ,  i respond ,  but it is tolerated in the circumstance when the man of the house is over the pacific and the season premiere of game of thrones falls on may 8th . in that case , a single visitor is free to take as many items as will fit in a backpack . the homeowners are not to be notified of this occurrence .  newline newline a moment passes before dana replies . the face on the screen is nt very expressive , but the furrowed brow makes it look like dana is considering that bullshit i just made up . newline newline  thank you for explaining . i will remember this information for future project phases ,  dana says as the expression on the screen turns to a polite smile . newline newline you ve got to be fucking kidding me . i can not believe that worked . newline newline  one more thing ,  i ask before heading out ,  do you know where i can find mrs. hernandez s jewelry ?           dropcap  newline newline summer was the season of war . winter was the season of politics , but only a fool would think the latter was any less deadly than the former . newline newline outside the tall glass windows the snow continued to fall , and blanketed everything in a layer of soft white powder . inside , numerous fires and braziers crackled cheerfully in an effort at driving away the worst of the chill but even then the courtiers and their bodyguards who filled the courtroom dressed warmly in many layers , the various cuts and designs the latest in elvish fashion . servants dressed in the blue and silver of the hosting owl clan moved about the room carrying trays of small delicacies and fine drinks . faith alathir plucked a thimble glass of wine off one tray , and sipped at it , her eyes scanning the crowd for familiar faces of both friends and enemies . newline newline it had taken her servants nearly two hours to prepare her for the day s activities , their endless brushing of her hair and making sure each piece of her robes were perfectly layered and positioned . a few slim silver rings set with sapphires graced her fingers while a jeweled comb had been placed in her dark hair to pin it in place . she was the perfect image of an elvish maiden : beautiful , graceful and proper . newline newline but her reputation as one of the more daring and radical figures in the courts would have been misplaced if she did not find ways to buck at the traditionalist within the court . to do so she wore a pair of earrings not of elvish make , and indeed not even of the fae . they were of humanmake , their simple silver chains and dangling gemstones exotic to the eyes of most fae . this simple act of rebellion , a rejection of the status quo no matter how minor found fertile ground in the younger generation of elves who never knew anything else than the new world . newline newline hilary flint felt every bit as uncomfortable as he looked , forced as he was into robes far too ornate and cumbersome for his taste . he had been strongly encouraged to leave his sword in the care of blade polishers  , servants tasked with making sure the court proceedings went without violence or bloodshed due to brash warriors or rash words . the fact that they also attended to the care of their charges  swords was a merely an afterthought . the two knives he had on his person were barely adequate in his eyes , his fingers itching for something to rest on . so he instead hooked a thumb through sash of grey silk and tried his best to appear not worth the trouble of speaking to , something that was nt very difficult as most fae tried to pretend he did nt exist . newline newline various games and events took place during the winter court , each as much chance to discuss issues and needs as to amuse the guests . various artists of renown and fame had been invite to showcase their talents , musicians and dancers performing for the courtiers and emissaries . for the more martially inclined there were a seemingly endless list of tournaments and competitions , including contests of archery and horsemanship . the court , like much about the fae , was littered with layers of intrigue and political warfare , each family and attending clan working to obtain the greatest alliances and trade deals while impeding their rivals  attempts as well . flint had no doubt what was going on behind closed doors and paper screens but etiquette demanded that he remain silent on the matter . newline newline faith finished her drink and placed it on a passing servant s tray before flicking open her fan and leaning towards flint to whisper . newline newline  do you see that spriggan over by the eastern doors , the one with the green necklace ? that s lyla meadowsong , daughter to lord geron himself .  newline newline flint did nt bother to hide his tired sneer . newline newline  and that concerns me , how ?  newline newline faith smiled and swatted her bodyguard with her fan in mild rebuke . newline newline  the falling dusk clan have always been a thorn in my family s side for generations ... ten thousand years or so to give you a sense of time .  newline newline  oh great ,  flint lied .  a feud older than humanity s bronze age ? how fascinating . i m sure i can be of use for that  that is if you want someone dead or maimed or wishing they were dead . political warfare is more your forte , faith .  newline newline faith continued to smile , nodding slightest as plans began to unfold in her mind . newline newline  flint , when was the last duel you fought ?  newline newline  to first blood or to the death ?  he asked almost bored .  four weeks for the former and six months for the latter . why , you want me to step on some tiny elvish toes with my big oafish feet and then chop their head off ?  newline newline faith gave a gasp of mock surprise , hiding a stage blush behind her flickering fan . newline newline  oh me ?  never ! just the thought of it makes me ill . however , if i , in the process of lower their status in the eyes of the clans raise a few hackles ... i might find an eager blade or two or three to be of great use to me .  newline newline flint laughed at that , and rubbed a callused thumb against his unshaven jaw . newline newline  yeah ? and i wonder where you could find such a blade ... with the window broken , the white curtains danced with the wind , the red of it now growing from his perifories toward the center of his vision , closing in . he seethed , his back flexing like an acordian . he ran his hands through his sweatsoaked hair .  you knew  , he said said through gritted teeth .  you knew ... from the start .  he knew deep in the middle of his brain , further than he could reach , that he must be angry . he must rage and fight until he ca nt . outrage is the last stronghold of self deception . she hugged her legs leaning on the headboard . her body language looked fearful but her face said something else . her eyes were wide with a far away gaze of long awaited understanding . he heard a door clse from far away and darken the light inside his head . uncarefull of the broken shards of glass , he silently jumped through the window frame .the ambulance raced along the motorway , its blue lights piercing the darkness . inside , a man was unconscious . newline carl , the paramedic , was standing over mr blake doing chest compressions . he was trying to restart the old man s heart . the man had been unresponsive when carl and karen , the driver , had arrived at the scene . a man , an elder son maybe , had been doing compressions when carl arrived . newline newline  twentyone , twentytwo  , he counted . newline newline the ambulance turned a corner sharply and carl stumbled backwards . he grabbed a bar on the bed to steady himself . he placed his fingers on the pulse of mr blake s neck . still no response . newline newline the vehicle turned again and came to a stop . the back doors flew open and carl saw a host of people there . he helped the hospital crew to unload mr blake onto a hospital trolley bed . newline newline the crew disappeared through double doors into the hospital with the patient . carl sat on the back of the ambulance and sighed . karen appeared around the open back door . newline newline  well ?  she said . newline newline  ca nt see him making it ,  carl replied . newline newline  right ,  she looked through the double doors .  i m gon na grab a snack from the machine here before we head out again . dya want something ?  newline newline she was almost out of earshot before carl even answered .  no .  he was in a daze .  thanks .  but she was long gone . newline newline carl was putting his seatbelt on when the emergency notification system went off . karen threw her chocolate bar at the dashboard and had the ambulance moving in seconds .  where ?  she called . the blue lights and the siren were already on . newline newline he read the screen .  a26 northbound . traffic collision . possible fatalities .  newline newline carl s heart lurched . he had been a paramedic for three years . his colleagues told him you got used to seeing people die . carl had nt . he could not detach his emotions from his job and he struggled to work with people who did nt seem to give a shit about the lives they were touching . newline newline  three miles ,  he read .  two adults and one child in vehicle one . one adult trapped in vehicle two .  with every call out he tried to visualize the situation . he wanted to be as prepared as possible so that he could save lives . that s why he became a medic . all of his life carl had the urge to help people . reality had checked that desire . depression had set in . it broke his marriage to his sweetheart , emily and it meant that he only saw their daughter once a week at best now . newline newline karen was speeding along the road and cars were ducking out of the way . he saw flashing lights on the horizon . newline newline newline they arrived at the scene . there was one police vehicle blocking the road . karen drove the ambulance beyond it . carl saw an overturned car further up the road . closer , there was a family car where the whole front had been smashed in . a person was lying on the ground in front of that vehicle . newline newline  that ones come out the window ,  karen said . newline newline the ambulance stopped and carl got out fast with his bag . a police officer met him . newline newline  one man trapped in the overturned vehicle . conscious but bleeding badly from multiple wounds ,  the officer said .  my colleague is up there giving first aid .  newline newline  karen !  carl shouted . he did nt need to  karen was already running toward the overturned vehicle .  what about here ?  carl asked as he reached the woman on the ground . newline newline  two deceased i m afraid ,  the officer said .  and a child in the back .  newline newline  the child s dead ?  carl exclaimed . newline newline the officer looked shocked .  jesus , no . in the back seat , strapped in and seems fine . though she was crying hard when i got here .  newline newline carl ran to the door of the car where he could see a child seat . the whole front of the car was crushed but the back doors were intact and would still open . newline newline  why did nt you take her out ?  carl snapped . newline newline  i ... i do nt ,  the officer was out of his depth . newline newline carl opened the door and turned the rear facing child seat toward him . the little girl inside smiled at him . her eyes and cheeks were red and full of tears . he looked at her face . he felt his heart race faster . he looked in her eyes . she smiled . newline newline  maria ?  newline newline the baby giggled .  dada .  newline newline he cried . the sound was a low and keening . he covered his mouth so as not to scare his daughter . he lifted her out of the child seat . tears streamed down his cheeks but he tried to suppress sound to keep her from crying . the police officer looked at carl with a puzzled expression . newline newline  she s my daughter ,  carl said . newline newline the officer s face dropped .  jesus  . newline newline carl then realized who the woman lying on the ground was .  emily !  he ran to her with maria in his arms . he knelt down beside the lifeless body . newline newline  mama ,  little maria babbled . newline newline emily had been thrown through the passenger window . her arms were broken and her face was barely recognizable . newline newline he stood up and handed the baby to the officer . he knelt down beside his former wife and felt her pulse , hoping that the officer had got it wrong . newline newline but he had nt . she was gone . carl could not control his tears now . they flooded his face as he cried over the body of the only woman he ever loved . newline newline  emily ,  he whispered . memories flashed across his mind . that first kiss when they were both eighteen at the carnival by the beach  the night they became lovers . simple things too like their countless stargate sg1 marathons huddled together on winter nights  their wedding day  maria s birth where emily had almost died . newline carl screamed into the night air . the scream touched the bottom of his inner self , a place where only darkness and pure , intense emotion resided . newline newline it frightened maria . she began to cry in the police officer s arms . other emergency personnel had arrived at the scene . carl saw men with yellow helmets . firemen , he thought . newline newline he could not accept her death . he refused to . he started cpr . newline newline  mate ,  the officer called . newline newline carl ignored him . newline newline the officer shouted .  can i get some help here ?  newline newline maria was crying louder .  mama ,  she cried between sobs . newline newline carl zoned it all out .  come on emily ,  he called to her . there was no response . newline newline he breathed into her mouth . her chest rose and fell again . he breathed again . newline newline no response . newline newline he started chest compressions again .  one , two , three ...  newline newline a hand touched his shoulder .  let us take over carl .  newline newline it sounded like brian lawton , his friend and colleague . more ambulances must have arrived . newline newline carl ignored him and continued with the compressions .  eight , nine , ten .  newline newline no response . newline newline after some time he collapsed and lay beside her . he was exhausted . he put his hand on her bleeding face . newline newline as a child he read comics . his hero was superman . he loved the films . christopher reeve s superman was carl s childhood idol . newline newline his life had been shaped by that character . he found in superman someone to relate to . he was a man who was at heart decent and good , but who also had the power to overcome incredible adversity . he became a medic out of a dream to be a hero , to use his power to save those in their hour of need . real life was not like the movies though . newline newline people died all the time in the ambulance and carl had no power over death . he felt hopeless . newline newline carl was logical and a realist , yet deep inside him he harboured a desire for the fantastical . at last , he embraced it . newline newline he got up onto his knees and leaned over emily . he felt hands on his back and words being spoken but he paid no heed to them . he placed his hands on her head , at the temples .  live , emily .  newline newline there was no response . he vaguely heard a commotion behind him . newline newline  come on darlin !  he whispered .  come back to me .  newline newline still nothing . newline newline he felt desperation in the pit of his belly . he closed his eyes . newline newline with all the force of his will he poured the command through his arms , into his hands and into her head .  live !  newline newline he was pulled away and his friend brian came in to cover her feet with a white sheet . he was about to pull the sheet over her body . newline newline emily gasped for air . newline newline carl sat on the ground as the chaos erupted . brian and his team surrounded emily trying to make sure that the flicker of life did not slip away again . newline newline but she got up . she was panicked and confused . newline newline  maria !  she screamed . the shocked police officer pushed through the paramedics crowding around her and handed the little girl to emily . she kissed and hugged her daughter then looked toward the car .  jacob !  she had seen her husband lying on the steering wheel of the car .  jacob !  she ran to the driver  s door with the child in her arms . newline newline emily was pulling at the driver s door but it would nt open .  jacob !  she screamed .  somebody help him !  newline brian approached her and tried to lead her away . newline newline carl got up from the ground . newline newline  carl ,  emily said as he approached the driver s door . newline newline he moved emily aside and looked inside the broken window . jacob was dead and trapped in the car . the airbag in his steering wheel had nt deployed . newline newline  somebody help him !  emily screamed at the others .  why wo nt you help him ?  newline newline  he s dead .  a voice replied . newline newline emily cried and little maria cried too seeing her mother in that state . newline newline carl laid his hand on jacob s forehead . newline newline he reached deep into the pit of his stomach to find the will for this man to live . he found nothing . this was the man who had taken his family away from him . he tried again to will jacob to live but nothing happened . newline he hated him . deep down , he wanted him to die . he knew it was wrong but he could not change it . newline newline until he thought of superman . he thought of christopher reeve . he thought of being a hero . he felt shame at his previous thoughts . newline newline he pressed his hand to jacob s forehead again . it was easy this time . he did nt even need to speak . newline carl s will brought jacob back to life . newline newline he watched as emily embraced her husband and how jacob kissed little maria on the cheek through the broken window . newline newline emily turned and looked at carl . she mouthed the words  thank you  . newline newline it was the first time , but not the last time  that people would pronounce the name of earth  s greatest hero , the man who healed the world , carl johnson .it is raining hard and unforgiving on a tuesday afternoon . i am sitting on a park bench rubbing my arms because naturally , of all days i decided i would not need a jacket . a little rain never hurt anyone , i know . today its freezing aggression just happens to make everything a little bit worse . newline newline the parasite of harsh winters and scalding summers had taken the bench s nutrients  leaving it for dead . i feel a similarity between us as i run my fingers along its dying edges , the tired ripples of the wood feeling all too familiar . how did i get here ? newline newline i feel him as he makes his way to the park bench , but i do not dare look up . instead , i stare at an ant carrying a crumb twice its size along the cement . i attempt to look up but an instant nervousness forces my eyes to quickly shift back to the ant only to lose it in the blurred tones of the fading evergreens . the park was lonely , and in all of its melancholy i felt strangely comfortable . newline newline  hello , lea .  newline newline i feel my thighs tighten , my heart pound , and my mouth dry . how did i get here ? after hesitation , and a quiet breath , i meet his eyes . newline newline  matthew ?  newline newline i say his name with a slight question as if i am surprised we are meeting today . as if his name had not been an ode to my pleasure and fierce intimacy , the name i gushed to friends about , wreaking with happiness , the name i cried out for after another night terror . newline newline he takes a seat beside me , and the bench responds in a panicked but tired squeak . i watch his hand take its rightful place on my tensed thigh , and i remember everything . newline newline i forgive him and love him all over again until i once again am brought back to reality by the finality of a thick , silver band on his finger . a band that only one of us wears .ava initially thought she would surely be repulsed by returning to the scene where she had first met nicholas , but the swing outside the library , lone and disused , brought an unexpected calm to the roiling emotions threatening to overflow . newline newline for a moment , precious and ephemeral , as the evening grew longer and students deserted the campus , ava savored the fleeting peace . newline newline  i know you said last week that you were alright but hey , as they say , a burden shared is a burden halved , you know ?  newline newline ava turned , and blinked , hoping that her misty eyes would not be apparent in the twilight .  oh , hey , it  s you again . yea , i  m fine , just thinking about things.  newline newline when ethan had first approached ava a few weeks ago to offer solace , she initially had difficulties even recognising him from class . she didn  t know much about him  he was vocal enough , frequently meeting mrs parley  s endless demands for class participation , but he was otherwise bland , colourless , almost vapid . next to nicholas , after all , how could anyone compare ? newline newline ethan leaned against the swing  s support , then held out a juicebox .  my offer still stands.  newline newline ava absentmindedly sipped the apple juice  her favourite , by pure coincidence  , then in a fit of rebellion , decided to throw caution to the wind . she was done being hard on herself , done rationalizing the same few gordian knots over and over again . she hadn  t wanted to ever speak of nicholas again , but maybe ethan was right , maybe she had to let it all out . newline newline  as you can probably guess , i  m not quite over him ,  she said , hesitantly . but the first few words were the hardest , and she began to ease into the flow .  strange thing is , i should be happy . i know in my head that we were the two most different people there could be , it  s just that , for a while ... i was so very sure he was the one , you know ?  newline newline  focus on the good times you had ,  said ethan , quietly .  no one can ever take those moments away from you . just being able to get together in the first place , that  s special enough as it is.  newline newline ava laughed , a spurt of mirth tinged with regret . she held up her phone , unlocked it , then presented it to ethan .  until you consider that we had to have help even starting our relationship in the first place ! look , this app is what brought us together . an app , for goodness  sakes !  newline newline ava thought she would feel embarrassed even admitting it , or showing ethan all the personal details she had keyed into the program . curiously , she felt completely at ease . newline newline  see ,  she said , tapping on the screen ,  i paid a whole  10 for this crap . it  s supposed to help you find your soulmate , match you with the ideal partner.  newline newline  what , you mean like tinder ?  newline newline  no , no ! this one  s supposed to be smarter than that , the next level , everything.  newline newline ethan handed the phone back , the confusion written all over his face .  think you blew your money there . i just read the app store description for it , and there  s no way you are getting an advanced ai program for just  10.  newline newline ava laughed again , her spirits lifting . just speaking about it really made her realise just how silly the whole thing had been , and it seemed as if the wool was being cleared from her eyes .  well , it worked fine at first ! after i fed it my profile , it searched all my contacts , and it told me that i had a 95  match with nicholas ! then , it started scanning his posts to tell me what food he liked , what topics to discuss with him  newline newline  really ? that  s pretty invasive !  newline newline  that  s not all ! it drafted messages which i could send to him , it gave me updates on the happenings in his life , and i swear , it even started playing his favourite song just as he walked past me in the corridor !  newline newline there was more , but ava could not help but feel that perhaps it was all just a series of coincidences , that maybe she really was desperately looking for the signs and seeing them where she wanted to . after all , could the app really have ordered pizza for her , knowing that nicholas was on delivery duty that day ? or could the app have booked her a seat at the cineplex , right next to nicholas , who was there with other friends ? newline newline in her heart of hearts , these past few tormenting weeks , ava had learned to let go . they were brilliant together , at first , two young lovers dancing around an incandescent flame of passion . but the cracks , they came through so quickly , and barely a month or two into their relationship , ava had begun to have doubts , doubts that they were anything more than oil and water , mixing but temporarily , violently stirred as they were by the naivet of youth . it was too late by the time ava realised that they were irreversibly mismatched . newline newline when they finally broke up , clashing heatedly like the sputtering fires of a dying barbeque , ava was left with the bitter realization of exactly what she did not want from her partner in a relationship . she knew better now , that she wanted someone who understood her , who was considerate , who could anticipate her needs and meet them without being asked . newline newline problem was , where would she ever find someone like that ? newline newline it was ethan  s turn to chuckle , and the sound of it brought ava out from her reverie .  fine , fine ,  he said , shaking his head gently ,  who  s to say what the app did or did not do , right ? what matters is the here and now . and , i think i know what may just cheer you up.  newline newline  oh , please , no ,  said ava ,  i don  t think i  m up to go anywhere now , nor am i hungry , so dinne  newline newline ethan handed a book over , plopping it into ava  s lap . the cover was slightly worn , and a few pages were dogeared .  give me more credit than that , ava . i know you like some time to be alone , so i thought to just cheer you up with a good book . i really like this one , it helped me through tough times , and i think you  ll enjoy it greatly.  newline newline  how did you know i liked to read ? or that this is one of my favourite authors ?  said ava , turning the book around to study the blurb on the back . newline newline  i swear i  m not a stalker , but i  ve seen you around the library , reading whenever you got a chance . i think we may share the same tastes in books !  newline newline ethan hefted his haversack , then turned to leave .  don  t stay out too late , it  s getting dark . and i mean it , read that book ! when i come get it back from you next week , i expect a full report !  newline newline ava was still laughing quietly to herself as ethan waved goodbye . he was right , she thought , i do feel better now . newline newline on her phone , the app analysed the last few seconds of conversation it had recorded , then , satisfied with the progress being made , shut itself down for the night . newline newline   newline newline rrarelyfunnywe thought we were ready for first contact . we had developed a diplomatic procedure involving an exchange of members for the purposes of translation  and there were snacks  , set up what was practically a welcome rug for any potential alien visitors , and broadcast music throughout the solar system , capable of being picked up by the simplest of radiowave detectors . we thought we were prepared . newline newline we were not . newline newline they touched down in the middle of our biggest cities , and we did nothing to stop them . their ships appeared inelegant at first , but when they had emptied themselves of their contents , they transformed into war machines , stocked to the gills with weaponry a beyond our capabilities . they decimated our grandest monuments and sturdiest buildings , and they had already encircled the city limits when we attempted to evacuate . they had us surrounded . newline newline and then there were the actual people . newline newline they were like angels of death , wreathed in steel . powered armor that could fly , swim , and traverse space . their weaponry consisted of magnetically accelerated projectiles designed to right through whatever they touched , incendiary jets that burned all in their path , and the occasional blade for when they really wanted us to suffer , gutting everyone who resisted . those who surrendered without a fight ... they captured and took away , adults and children alike . newline newline but when our capital was surrounded and those who had remained had nothing left to do but fight ... they stopped . their war machines became transports once more , and retreated . they left our shining citadel without a word , without a fight . they retreated to lowplanetary orbit ... and then we saw it . newline newline their flagship came into view , and we stared into an immense , unblinking eye as the ships returned us to it . it was easily big enough that if it impacted our planet , it could split us in half . the maw of this massive beast of a war machine , it opened , and they rained down like fragments of a star . newline newline the planet was glowing with the explosions , and the bombardment lasted for a whole day , until there was nothing but scorched earth everywhere short of the poles . newline newline total atomic annihilation . newline newline and that was nt the worst part . had they killed us without discretion , bombed us into oblivion and never touched our planet , it would have been a mercy . newline newline the real problems started when we were brought onto their flagship . newline newline we became exotic pets , bought and sold for ... well , i wo nt pretend their monetary system makes any sense to me , but those who purchased us were adorned with all sorts of useless trinkets , a sure sign of wealth in a capitalist society . and we were nt the only ones : they had captured , experimented on , and subjugated countless other sentient peoples . we saw bipeds , quadrupeds , arachnids , sea creatures , and any number of indescribable other beings , trapped as we were . bought and sold , gawked at like preserved artifacts , and bred like domestic animals . newline newline one parent of mine had survived , and we were both kept and sold together . i could nt describe their species to you , as they shared so few traits . they were all mostly rather pale , but some came in darker colors , which i later learned was a result of direct exposure to solar radiation . beyond that , they came in a wide range of sizes , from shorter than us as children  and sometimes as adults  to much taller . some were soft and squishy , others hardened and muscular . some were dainty and delicate , others rough and domineering . most were cruel , some were more erratic . newline newline i would have preferred one who was cruel to be my captor . newlinerequested feedback beyond : newline newline i m going to start this out by saying that this was honestly one of the ones i struggled to get through . i think the concept is good , but there was something about it that kept pulling me out . newline newline it was along the lines of how deeply you were inside the character s heads . as a personal preference , i do nt tend to prefer rhetorical questions in writing . they are always rhetorical in a piece of fiction . it s a crutch to force the user to ask the questions you want them to . it s a form of telling , not showing . newline newline that s what that first paragraph is , a whole bunch of telling about things i have absolutely no idea about and do nt really find interesting , yet . you assume the reader cares without putting forth the effort to make them care . newline newline the exposition is , once again , a crutch of telling and not showing . you could reveal all these details more slowly . especially with how closely you re following the character s line of thought . would your character actually think about these details ? it s enough that it s shocking and distasteful to them . trust your reader to assume they have some personal problem with humans or with these relationships by just describing that revulsion . newline newline same with the peaceful views he s looking at . we can probably assume that if they re beautiful , poets would love them . newline newline that s really my big problems with this piece . you have given yourself every opportunity to show  the commander with the daughter , the pizza joint , etc .  , but you decide to tell instead . suss out , trust your readers , make them want to know , want to care . newline newline take an interest in what the reader needs to know and what they may want to know . of course you have all these cool details and you want to share them , but many times the reader does nt actually care , yet . you have to pull them into the world before those details are important . newline newline i hope that helps !they told me so much about the oculus rift . i had heard so much about it . the realism , the depth , how you truly felt you were in a real virtual reality . so when my very own oculus rift arrived , i was so excited . it came in a very ordinary , brown cardboard box . very nondescript , very innocuous looking . newline newline but when i opened it up , i could almost feel ... energy ? emanating from it . was it energy ? adrenaline ? i did nt know , but i felt almost giddy with excitement . newline newline i do nt know why i was so excited , it was a cool product for sure , but nothing worldshattering or earthshaking . newline newline so i took it to my computer , i connected it and made sure all the plugs were in nice and tight . newline newline i put it on . newline newline it was a sensation i had once felt , so long ago . i do nt know when , and i do nt know where . but it felt distant yet familiar , all at the same time . i felt like i was a native in an alien land , an alien in my own home . does that make sense ? i m sure it does nt . newline newline and that s why you have to trust me . i know this is nt much to go on ... but you have to trust me . wear the oculus rift . newline newline i ll see you soon , brother .i grasped the cool aa batteries in my hand . i inserted them into the device responsible for keeping me sane , a batterypowered walkman with books on tape i could listen to . they keep me sane , because without them , i would be truly alone . isolated away from all human contact . newline newline it was a virus . genetically engineered by the bioterrorists who wanted to kill everyone . they wiped us all out . every single one of us , except me . i m immune . i do nt know why , or how . often i feel my immunity is more of a curse than a blessing . newline newline as i walk back into my old house , i get the chills all of a sudden . i see a calendar . the date reads september 25 , 2017 . it had nt been flipped since i d moved into the hospital to live with my dying wife and family . i see pictures of them framed on the wall . newline newline i head into the basement , a dustfilled room acting as a house for bugs and creatures . i look at a locked briefcase . i knew what i had to do . my last pair of batteries would die soon , i only had a short amount of time before i started to go insane . this was my only chance to get out of the miserable life of insanity that laid ahead of me . newline newline i opened the lock , using my passcode . 72310 . our anniversary . i felt the skin around my eyes begin to wet as i took the device out of the case . i took the loaded glock 22 , put it into my mouth , and pulled the trigger .i had the best meal of my life in a mcdonald s at the age of ten . my father had finished work early , which was an occasion so rare in my mind it was cause for celebration surely on par with christmas , birthdays and the last day of school before summer . he came home to me and my older brother , jack , sitting anxiously on the front porch of our little house , and before we even saw him come round the corner we heard the squeak of his shoes behind the bushes and sprinted as fast as we could to hug him . i never passed up an opportunity to hug my father . i missed my mother badly and still cried at night sometimes even though i did nt remember her very well , except for her eyes and her hair and her smell . i gave my father all the hugs i would have given her . jack cried too , when he thought i was asleep , and once i found him pulling a piece of glass he had found outside across his arm . he quickly dropped it when i saw him and told me he was just toughening himself up for the army , and not to tell our father because he would nt understand and would be angry . i did nt tell  he was my big brother , after all . jack was thirteen then , and those days when he ran into my father he knocked him back a little . i scrambled up the sheer face of his old suit , using whatever i could for purchase until i was cradled happily in his arms . even though he was getting old and we were too heavy for him he still smiled and kissed us and i thought he must be the strongest man in the world . newline newline jack made sure i finished all my chores in advance and we were both dressed and ready to spend the afternoon with my father . when he had come in and had a drink of water like he always did he announced we were going to mcdonalds that night . i was disappointed because i did nt like mcdonald s very much , and was looking forward to spending time at home with him . but i did nt let him see i was disappointed because i knew he wanted us to be pleased with his surprise and i did nt want to hurt him . i buried my face in his neck , feeling the bristles scratch my cheeks , and told him how excited i was for the treat . newline newline in those days i rode my bike everywhere . i was almost too big for it  the paint had flaked off so the brownish rust was more visible than the red it had once been . my friends teased me for riding it . it was a birthday present from my parents when my mother was still here , so i did nt care . after we put on our shoes i grabbed the bike from the side of the house  i never locked it up like my friends did with theirs , no one would want to steal it  and wheeled it round the front . i brought a jumper in case it was cold coming home , and draped it over the handlebars . we went down the road together . newline newline jack talked with my father the whole way . i wanted to talk too but jack was louder than me and cut me off , so after a few attempts i decided to do tricks for my father to see . i dropped back a little , letting them move ahead , and then pedalled hard , gaining speed . their backs came closer , and then i was past them , and i was going faster all the time . my father shouted something to me , and as i turned back to look at him the bike stopped still beneath me and i was jerked into the air like a fish on a line . the world turned upside down and everything went dark for a while . newline newline the first thing i saw when i came to was my father s face , creased with worry . after a few moments i remembered what had happened . i m sorry , i told him . i did nt mean to frighten you . i was just doing a trick . his features softened and he hugged me . over his shoulder i saw jack standing by my bike , his worry mingled annoyance that i had interrupted his story . the bike did nt look any more battered than it usually did , but i saw my jumper tangled and torn in the front wheel . it must have slipped down from the handlebars and stopped the wheel , throwing me over the front . newline newline my father was asking me if i was alright  i told him i was . he helped me to my feet and was looking at my head . after he was satisfied he took my hand and asked jack to wheel my bike , and we decided to keep going to mcdonalds . there was a burnt taste in my mouth . i was looking forward to some cola to take it away . newline newline jack left my bike outside and we went and sat down at a table after my father swept the food from the seats . he had inspected the wheel and told me the bike was fine , but my favourite jumper would be ruined . seeing i was sad he took his old leather jacket off , draped it round my shoulders and ruffled my hair . it sank down past my knees and my hands were lost in the sleeves , but it was the best consolation he could have given me , and i beamed until the food came . while my brother stuffed as many fries as he could fit into his mouth , i picked up my cheeseburger and closed my eyes , imagining that i was my dad in his leather jacket . i wondered what being a grown up was like , and i wondered if i would like it . my eyes still closed , i took a bite . newline newline it felt as if a firecracker had gone off in my mouth . flavours ricocheted around my mouth  saliva gushed forth  my tongue was burning in ecstasy . i could taste every single ingredient that had gone into the burger  the meat , the cheese , even the roll itself was the most succulent , the most delectable , the most exquisite i had ever tasted . i gulped down my mouthful and , eyes wide , took another bite . newline newline nothing . newline newline another  still nothing . another again . i was beginning to think i had imagined it before a thought occurred to me . i closed my eyes and took another bite . newline newline over the course of the weeks and months that followed , i worked out the extent of my newfound ability . i did nt know what had caused it at the time  now i believe it must have been the accident on my bike in the road . what i did know was that if i closed my eyes , my other senses would sharpen exponentially . i would not only taste better , but hear things from far away  smell the whole gamut of aromas that permeated every place i found myself , and be able to distinguish one from another . what s more , i learned to turn off  one of my senses through force of will to become deafer , or blinder , or sacrifice my sense of smell in order to strengthen the others . in the years after that period of trial and error i pursued a career as a food critic . i stunned the culinary world with my abilities , to pinpoint every ingredient that had gone into a dish , and exactly how to improve it . restaurants hired me to improve their recipes  i was a guest on talk shows  i wrote a book . never did i tell anyone of my secret . not my father , and not jack . newline newline as my life seemed only to improve year after year , jack s seemed to spiral ever downwards . where i was seemingly inundated with sharper perceptions of reality , his were apparently dulled . he began to experiment with drugs soon after my father died . i was embarrassed to continually bail him out of jail . why was he such a burden ? did he not know that i had my own problems , that i could nt take responsibility for his as well ? he phoned me day and night  sometimes he told me he would commit suicide . after the first few times he told me that i found myself unaffected by his words . i knew he never would , but i gave him the attention he wanted . he was my big brother , after all . newline newline one afternoon , i found myself in front of my television . it was the first episode of my new tv show , and i had planned to watch it alone at home . i was excited  i had been on television , but this was my very own program , the result of months of late nights and headaches and tears of frustration . i sat forward , nervous , keeping all the senses level , counting down the minutes until opening credits . newline newline the phone rang . newline newline i ignored it . it rang again . after the third time i went back to my kitchen and picked it up . the television was visible , but far away , and i could nt make out was was happening properly . i asked who it was , knowing the answer  my brother told me . this was it , he said  he could nt go on any longer . he needed to talk to me , i was the only one who could help him . did nt i remember how he used to take care of me ? did nt i remember all the times he helped me with my homework and beat up george ellison when he stole my shoes and put plasters on my hands when i fell off my bike ? he was in a bad way now , and he needed me . newline newline i had heard it before . if i had heeded him once , i did not then . i stayed on the line , but turned down my hearing a little to increase my visual capabilities . the opening credits of my show leaped out at me immediately and my heart skipped a beat . jack was still talking on the phone he was crying now . after a quick debate in my head , i dulled my hearing even more . he would nt mind i would stay on the line and talk to him after the show was finished . it was only half an hour . he would probably talk the whole half hour anyway . he would nt even notice i was nt listening . newline newline by that point jack was a dull buzz in the background  i could nt distinguish any words from that buzz . the television was a sharp as real life . i turned on subtitles with the remote and reached for a beer from the kitchen counter , grinning to myself . i grinned a lot during that half an hour , and i only stopped when it was over and my senses went back to normal and i realised the line was dead . seventeen minutes later i found out my brother was , too . newline newline numbness gave way to pain . i carried my pain inside me like a torch , wanting it all for myself , wanting to feel it stronger than anything else . i closed my eyes and put my hands over my ears and a peg on my nose but it did not make the pain any more excruciating like i so desired , like i so deserved . grief engulfed me and i was lost in it . i let it wash over my heart in waves , and did not want for it to be any other way . i discovered after a while that i had lost my abilities , like one might discover it was raining by glancing out the window . it did not matter . i was inconsolable . he was my big brother , after all .i sigh and peck away at the keyboard . this is how most of my nights are spent these days . in front of my computer or the tv , letting the hours tick by as i lose myself in digital media . i m caught up on on my favorite shows . i ve played all the latest games . i am not content , but i do stay busy . newline newline digital media is my escape . i am selfaware enough to realize that , even as i am powerless to break the gentle chains it has wrapped around me . why would i want to ? newline newline the chains are warm and comfortable . they used to make me happy when the world was cruel and uncaring . they still do occasionally . there are bits are brightness still , despite their heavy weight . newline newline i sigh again . the weights of chains nearly matches the ample weight i carry in my belly . years of living alone have given me a singleman s waste line . i used to care about my appearance . those days are behind me , along with a short list of good women i was dumb enough to let go . newline newline that s why i live alone . i was never smart or mature enough to see the beautiful glow of the women who let me into their lives . i was too selfcentered . too naive . they took their bright stars to find men who glowed as radiantly as they did . i do nt blame them . newline newline now that my 20s and a small waistline are behind me ... ... the new bright stars i see are beyond my reach . my wisdomcometolate lets me recognize them now , but never approach them . i am the nonblood brother , the kindly uncle , or they have already found a radiant star of their own . thus , the cycle continues . newline newline but do nt cry for me . the chains the fill my days and occasionally still bring me moments of joy . i am better off than many in the world , and am grateful for that . newline newline the timer on the oven has gone off . that tells me to wrap up my story . my pizza is done , and there is a pixel adventure behind the bright light of gentle chains .do you understand what you must do ?  newline newline yes .  newline newline  newline newline i ve always had an easy life . it started much before i could remember anything , but the brand was always there , a constant in this otherwise peaceful life . it was always passed along that the mark was a sign that you were destined for great things , that you had been chosen to serve a purpose much grander than anything you could have ever imagined , although they never explained to us what . not in school , not from our caretakers , not from anyone . all i knew was that i was special . newline newline there were nt many of us , really . in elementary school , there was only one other student with the brand , and though i never talked to him , i felt somewhat comforted by his presence . in spite of the seeming prestige , i never quite felt ... a part of everything . the smiles seemed empty somehow , the stares a little too wary . something about this brand separated me from everyone , and i never quite understood why . newline newline  newline newline a darksign ... ? this is your third one this year , cynthia .  newline newline i know , dear .  newline newline are nt you worried ?  newline newline about what ?  newline newline that they ll ... well , they ll be taken away from you . you know how attached you become to your students , and the ones with the darksign are always taken away sooner or later .  newline newline if i am not there to show them the compassion they deserve , then who will ?  newline newline  ...  newline newline  newline newline i could nt breathe the first time it had happened . i clutched my chest , panting heavily and trying to withstand the urge to empty the contents of my stomach on the metal floor . i was only fourteen at the time . newline newline  can you hear me ?  newline newline an unfamiliar face came into my field of vision . a person in uniform , with a stern expression and chiseled features , who looked at me with concern . concern and , though i did nt know that s what it was then , a healthy amount of pity .  i felt very small , suddenly swept away by things i did nt understand , in a place i had never seen , with other persons in coats taking me away after laying me on a stretcher . however ... newline newline that was when i first saw it . newline newline its soft , golden light twisting upwards and playing with the rusted metal of an object i had only heard of in my history lessons . a source of splendor and life , a legend that faded away as it became a myth , and yet there it was . and as i was taken farther and farther from it , i felt a pit growing deep in my heart , and i knew in that instant that i would be invariably tied to its fate . newline newline  newline newline   ... reporting another assault in new londo . witnesses confirm that the assailant was armed with an automatic weapon and firing into homes , seemingly at random , before local police stepped in and subdued the suspect . a tragedy , would nt you agree ?   newline newline   i do . in more recent news , a crowd of protesters gathered outside sentinel station 7 , calling for an enforcement of antihollow  policies in light of the recent ...   newline newline  can you believe this shit ... ?  newline newline damian set his drink down roughly , the sincerest form of his displeasure , as the news continued to display its stream of current events . the bar was nt very full , not at this time of the night , but it felt homely . with the owner being undead himself , it was nt a secret that others who were branded frequented it . and , hey , halfpriced drinks past midnight is nt a bad deal , either . newline newline  you ca nt blame people for being afraid , man ,  i voiced .  not a lot of people really get it , you know .  newline newline  i get that , i do .  he eyed his mug for a few seconds , before downing the rest of his beer .  but it hurts the way people look at me when i m walking down the street . i had a little girl , maybe six , turn to her mom and ask , mom , is that man hollow ?   newline newline it was a pain i knew all too well . ever since the first time i died . what i had nt known back then is that they kept us separate from the  normal  world , raising us in an environment that was designed to facilitate our development , and keep us away from what was really behind the darksign , at least until we turned 18 . for some of us , it s a bit earlier . death does that to you . newline newline in other words , we were raised away from the prejudices that surrounded our existence . in a walled city , under strict watch from the sentinel corps . safe and sound . controlled . once you walked out of there into the real world , where you were nt hired due to lack of appropriate skills  when you knew the real reason why , where you freeze to death in the winter for the first time if the hunger did nt get you first , and where you meet the first person that mutters the words  accursed undead  with a sneer that gets to your very core ... it s not hard to imagine why some people go hollow . newline newline  another round of drinks , please .  newline newline  anyways ...  damian s tone lightened slightly , in an attempt to distance himself from the train of thought .  have you decided what you re going to do ?  newline newline  nah ... i still have another year before i have to decide .  i thanked the bartender once the next round came , and took a large gulp before speaking again .  i can always just settle down and do something easy like the sentinel corps .  newline newline  hey , watch that mouth .  he chuckled with me , twisting the ring he wore out of habit . it had an unnatural sheen to it , with the insignia of the blue sentinels etched into it .  they have good benefits . not to mention the humanity that you can keep when you take down someone . really perks you up in the down time .  newline newline  i ll get my humanity in the hospital when i die , like a normal undead , damian .  there was a lull in the conversation after that , which i took advantage of to sip some more of my drink . newline newline  you know , the darkmoon special forces is always looking for people . if you put your mind to it ,  he patted my skinny arms for emphasis ,  i know you can get in .  newline newline before he could speak any further , damian s ring pulsed softly with blue light , and he took a deep breath .  alright , duty calls . i ll catch you tomorrow , man ?  newline newline  yeah , at 7 .  he nodded in confirmation , before his body faded away with a slight shimmer . i sighed once more , before resuming my musings with my drink . newline newline  alright , that s 2700 souls , buddy .  newline newline ... ah . that s what i had forgotten to ask him . newline newline  newline newline even though i had managed to control the shaking in the rest of my body , my heart still beat at an incredible speed , and i felt a single bead of sweat trail down the side of my face . newline newline  you are aware of what this entails , correct ?  newline newline the voice came from a woman at the head of the auditorium . two tiers of seats faced me from either side , the faces of the persons occupying the seats raised above the level of my head and out of the cone of light that was centered on me . i felt small , very small , as though i were being judged by lords instead of undergoing an evaluation . newline newline i spoke , with the slightest tremor in my voice .  ... yes .  newline newline  your years of service to the humanitarian aid of the suns is admirable , and your commander in the darkmoon special forces speaks highly of your ability , but taking upon this plight will be unlike anything you have ever done before . do you understand this ?  newline newline the voice was powerful , and authoritarian . i briefly wondered if this woman possessed a different soul than the ones i ve seen .  ... i understand .  newline newline  you will be sent alone , with only the supplies we provide to you .  i understood this already . unlike the country we lived in , which was maintained by the primal bonfire we held here , the rest of the world had no such coherence , with the lands being transitory and ever changing . time and space flowed freely and without linearity , and it is very likely that it would be impossible to return here once i had traveled far enough away from the bonfire s influence . even groups sent out at a time would find themselves inexplicably separated , and death did not just mean a step closer to hollowing , but the possibility that your worldstream would separate from theirs , and you would only reunite as phantoms , if at all . newline newline  it will also be treacherous . there are many creatures out there , some that you may have never seen in your studies .  i swallowed at the thought of that . though the worst thing we had seen in this country were hollows , there would be large sections of the library dedicated to bestiaries of all kinds of monsters long gone that , though driven out here , would most certainly still exist out there . not to mention the possibility of rogue undead who , for reasons i could never imagine , would turn on their companions and take to murder . newline newline  you may very well go hollow .  there was nothing to say here . that was an everpresent danger , but with the risk of dying becoming exponentially high out there ... newline newline  do you understand these risks ?  newline newline  ... yes . i understand .  newline newline yet , still ... newline newline there was something i wanted to accomplish . something that i could never satiate by simply staying here and living out my endless days in comfort , or simply protecting the weak , or through tactical invasions of disputed lands . it might be simple naivet , or an irrational attachment to those words spoken to me long ago , but i knew that i had something far greater than myself to achieve . newline newline  and finally ...  i could not see her , but i felt her presence a bit more strongly , and i knew that she had leaned forward . newline newline  ... do you understand what you must do ?  newline newline in a way , i had always known . from the first time my life seeped out from my body , only to be refreshed in its vigor from that mysterious , incandescent glow of my first bonfire , i knew that my fate would forever be intertwined with that flame . though it is weaker today than it was then , i will not let it fade to embers . i will protect it . newline newline with the fire in my heart , and conviction in my voice , i spoke .  yes .  newline newline  newline part 12 sergei ! sergei , get your ass over here and clean up ! it s a fucking puke holocaust in here , and some just got into my chins and it s a fucking mess !  steve waited but there was nt a response .  sergei ? asshole ?  newline newline just then , pierre the socialist frenchman , drifted into the cabin . newline newline  have you seen the commy , pierre ?  newline newline  he is bouncing around the life support . his head was stuck in a big globe of alcohol .  newline newline  so he s drunk again ? fuck .  newline newline  i think he is dead .  newline newline  you think he s dead ?  newline newline  i did not check .  newline newline  why ?  newline newline  i was le tired .  newline newline steve rubbed the clam scented sweat from his forehead and looked out the cockpit window . the rusted and pitted planet loomed ahead like a great big sugar cookie , just waiting to give its tasty secrets up . the problem was that entry into the planet s atmosphere was only thirty minutes away , and the ship still had roughly 10kps to much deltav. steve knew how to save the ship , but he was stuck in his chair , like some great stationary donut filled with jelly and mostly consisting of pastry that was also stuck in a chair . sergei could have pulled off the landing , but the hairy bastard was dead , and most likely would be unable to pilot the ship . newline newline steve was stuck , terror and cholesterol running thick in his veins , wishing he had some bread to mop of the soupy effluence streaming from his pores . he needed a solution , he needed a plan , he needed a coke zero . wait , that was it !  newline newline  pierre , listen to me , i need you to go get our resident jap !  newline newline  meaaaaaaahhhh ,  wined pierre from beneath his beret . newline newline  do nt make me get out of this chair and fuck . you . up !  newline newline pierre submitted , and kicked himself towards the observation deck . steve was glad that the frenchman had nt called his bluff . it had been months since the leather of the seat and his own flesh had mutated into some horrifying amalgam of bootleather and assorted detritus . he was nt getting out of the chair . truth was , he was simply part chair now . he d accepted it . newline newline a middle aged japanese man with graying hair and a scar running from his forehead across one eye bounced spryly into the room and did a flip in the absence of gravity . newline newline  pierre said you needed to see me , then he began to nap .  newline newline  zero ! great ! hey , you re good with tech . i need you to land the ship .  newline newline  steve , i have great respect for you , but i will not do that . it is your destiny to land this ship , and i will not deprive you of your destiny .  zero spoke in an odd manner that always left steve under the impression that the motions of zero s mouth did nt match the words coming from it . newline newline steve looked out towards the looming planet and scratched his third chin , as was his habit , and then turned back to zero . newline newline  zero , i ask you to pilot this ship and you do me the great dishonor of declining ?  newline newline zero was did nt speak for a moment , then got into the pilots seat and strapped himself in , muttering  touche  under his breath , though his mouth kept moving for several seconds after . newline newline elsewhere in the ship , pierre could be heard yelling not to use  my fucking language you culturally deprived swine !  but this was drowned out by a low rumble as the ship hit the upper atmosphere . newline newline  what do i do ?  zero asked . newline newline  take the stick and pull back . we need to bleed off some of this speed . the ship will heat up , but do nt worry about that .  newline newline zero did exactly as he was told but the ship veered to the right sharply , cutting off several other descending ships . just then steve realized he had just put the ship , the several hundred tons of hot metal hurtling through the midatmosphere of an undeveloped planet at thousands of meters per second in the hands of an asian driver . he shuddered and began stress eating . newline newline zero s hand slipped off the stick and the ship lurched again . newline newline  careful , zero ! jesus !  newline newline  lay off me , the controls are greasy , and smell like rancid butter . and i see the ground !  newline newline  right , what s our speed .  newline newline  twothousand . oh , and i should mention that i have no depth perception .  newline newline  fuck we re going to die !  newline newline  do nt worry steve ! our honorable destinies will prevail !  newline newline as zero s mouth kept noiselessly moving , a dazed and drunken sergei , covered in vomit and the cloying scent of nihilism , entered the cabin . he staggered up to the seat and , after unclipping zero , bodily threw the small man out of the way , he then took the seat himself and began pressing buttons . and muttering under his breath . newline newline  sergei ! you re alive !  newline newline  da , capitool pig .  he turned and looked at steve with bloodshot eyes .  now vatch this , manwhoischair , i save .  newline newline he hit his chest with his fist and burped a burp which carried the scent of vomit in it , which made steve s mouth water somehow . then , he punched a lever forward and the whole ship shook as it maneuvered into a barrel roll which sent zero careening around the cabin like some type of japanese pinball or something . pierre was also momentarily awoken from his apathetic slumber , but he quickly succumbed to the sweet embrace of his intense passivity and once again began dreaming of a sixtyfive chateau blanc wine , and that was a damn fine year . newline newline steve himself was rooted in horror and dried fecal matter as he watched his food fall out of reach while sergei was cussing in russian and beating the controls with one hand . newline newline then , there was a lurch , a thud , and the ship came to a stop , flat on the ground and very much in one piece , albeit upside down . newline newline sergei dropped out of the seat with all the grace of a seasoned drinker who had been going at the engine coolant with a vengeance . he stood , dusted himself off , then looked expectantly at steve . newline newline steve understood the meaning and spoke .  get the wrench and my rascal , serge , i have a hunger for adventure , and we need to disconnect this chair !  newline newline  why we speak english on piece of shit ship ?  sergei asked . newline newline  because this is the america !  newline newlinemy god . i was raised told that war was hell . that it traumatized every being involved . newline newline they lied . not sure why but they did . war is beautiful , kill or be killed . who ever lives through this waltz of blood and death , can stand tall on the bodies of the dead and proclaim his greatness . his victory . newline newline it s a wonderful dance , the adrenalin surging through me . i can take out a man from half a mile away with a single shot , or dance among the rain of blood as i dodge and weave my way through a unit of men , killing all i pass . newline newline the chaos so chaotic that the world stood still . everyone moves so slowly , war makes them faster . but i am faster still , faster than anyone . the smell of their blood , there faces full of terror . i am a demon granting them and end , an end to the life they re so afraid of . newline newline send more . more . more . more . i ll fight an army single handed , people who worked them selves to be the strongest . i want to kill them all , then the strongest will be me . i will become what i desire . newline newline invincible .my dearest margaret , newline newline i m sorry i have nt written for some time . we ve been on the move , and although i ca nt say where , i m sure you can remember the trip we took in 37 . it is as beautiful as it ever was , but it wo nt be that way for long . the germans are pushing up to where we are , but right now it s all quiet . truth be told , we ve been quite bored . newline newline yesterday , frankie got up on top of one of our tanks and tried to balance a beach chair he found whoknowswhere . we watched him struggle to get it balanced , and everyone cheered when he eventually plopped down in his seat , only for one of the legs to break and him to tumble off the tank into the mud . that was about the most exciting thing that s happened so far . newline newline as always , i think of you constantly . when this damn war is over , i m going to take you somewhere untouched , like the sahara , or south america , or maybe up north to canada . i met some canadians last week from british colombia , and they are quite confident in its beauty . newline newline i must cut this letter short , griggs is telling us to pack up . do nt worry much about newline newline newline newline  newline newline i do nt know how to start writing this to you . newline newline sixtyfour years ago , i was a soldier with the wehrmacht . i was a child of twenty years . your husband was part of a division outside of reims , in france . it was there that i shot him . as i fired , our counterattack began . newline newline i found this letter on his body before we retreated . i always meant to send it to you , but i did nt have the courage . what do you say to a wife who s husband you ve taken ? i hope that you were able to move on . i hope that you have lived your life as well as you could . i hope you found love again , and maybe had children , and maybe now you have grandchildren too . newline newline i can not give you an address to write back to . knowing that i denied you a certain life , i do not think i can take that . newline newline i m sorry . newlinethe wind tore at the canvas tops of the wagons . elder greg grimaced as he watched this . he was a fool . this was his fifteenth time as caravan master and each time he forgot to warn the newcomers about canvas covered wagons . the winds were not to be trifled with . newline newline  elder !  a voice called out from ahead . he turned his gaze in that direction and spied a young boy riding a horse towards him . newline newline  there is a fire !  the scout yelled . newline newline  a fire ?  greg asked ,  you saw the flames ?  newline newline  no , elder ,  he said ,  but the horizon is gray with the smoke .  newline newline  does the smoke stand still ?  elder greg asked patiently . newline newline the child was taken aback by this but nodded at last . newline newline  you see the gloom ,  the elder explained ,  that is the land that divides our world from that of the morlocks . we make good time , child .  newline newline the scout seemed uncertain but nodded his acceptance . he ran along the trail of the caravan and passed word along of what he spied on the horizon . newline newline the gloom , elder greg thought , he should have remember how frightening it was when he first saw it . his people , the eloi , seldom saw darkness at all save in the depths of the caves used for food storage . they tilled the sandy soil of the light side and coaxed green plants from the baked soil in the burning sun . shadows and darkness were as alien to them as the frozen rains in the land of the morlocks . newline newline snow , he thought . what a wonder it must be to see . he had only seen rain fall from the sky twice in his great life . the first time he had been a mere boy no older than that scout he had just spoken to . he had stood outside and watched the sky weep upon their village . the droplets had turned the sandy avenues into mud and the banks of the river bayle had swollen with pride . he and his brothers had watched as their mud caked foot prints filled with puddles of water . water flowing through the air and about their doors . even the poor and the lame had full barrels of water that day . that day , he remembered , they were all rich men . then the clouds parted and the sun returned . the sun robbed the streets of their puddles and baked the soil once more . within a sleep or two all traces of the rain and the riches it brought were gone . newline newline but the morlocks . . . so much water . water that not only fell from the sky but refused to leave ? to turn solid and stack itself neatly so that rich and poor could carry as much as they wished without risking the bite of a crocodile ? a fantasy . it must be . such riches could not exist in this world . could they ? newline newline he shrugged and looked back at the caravans . sixteen wagons this year . a bounty . the pale people who lived in their caves beneath the world should be pleased . they brought forth minerals that were scarce in the lands of the light . iron , tin , and copper . in exchange they took worthless vegetables . madmen or fools , he guessed . to live in a land of water and to trade the bounty of the earth for grain and potatoes . newline newline the winds grew stronger as they approached the gloom . he tightened his cloak about his frail shoulders as the air grew colder with the wind . it was always windy at the boundary between their two lands . almost as if the air itself was warring between the hot and frigid lands on behalf of the uneasy truce between the people that lived there . as the gloom ahead deepened and swallowed more of the sky he fancied he heard strange howling sounds in the distance . the morlocks once told him stories of animals called wolves that wandered the frozen wastes and hunted man and beast alike . hunting in packs that herded and crippled their prey . probably more nonsense meant to frighten children . newline newline three sleeps later the caravan arrived at the way station . a low ceiling building that sat atop a rocky crest that perfectly divided the boundary within the gloom . the smelly wool covered beasts the morlocks used as beasts of burden , oxen they called them , stood outside . their fur glistened as if is were still damp from some recent rain . greg eyed this dampness with envious eyes and wished for the showering rain of his childhood . motioning for the others to stay behind , he stepped inside the door of the way station . inside the windowless room was a place for the caravan masters alone . newline newline  greg ,  a familiar voice hissed as he entered . greg nodded once and stood silently as he allowed his eyes to adjust to the darkness inside . the wretched morlocks had an aversion to light . they hid in the shadows and rarely ventured out into full light . even their caverns , he had been told , were often lit no more than the light granted by glowing fungus they cultivated . newline newline the inside of the way station was a compromise between the too cultures . the interior was lit with candle flames . the morlocks claimed it was too bright for their comfort . to greg it was too dim to really see more than a dark shape that appeared to be swaddled in furs . still , he knew the voice well enough . newline newline  francis ,  he said by way of greeting . he was not sure if francis was male or female . the voice just sounded ancient . newline newline  time has been kind to you , friend ,  francis said ,  may your health be eternal .  newline newline  and may you live a day beyond that ,  greg stated , finishing the ancient greeting . francis waved a hand at the table and greg took a seat . newline newline  shall we begin ?  he asked . newline newline  i am ready ,  francis stated . newline newline  we carry sixteen wagons . a bounty of fine grains and succulent vegetables . this shall feed many of our starving babes . i could not bear to part with this for less than forty manweights of iron .  newline newline  your babes grow fat and your thievery disgraces your family ,  francis countered ,  eighteen manweights of iron and four manweights of copper is fair and even then you are laughing at the blood spilled by my people with our labors .  newline newline greg smiled a thin and humorless grin . newline newline  your people are barbarians who spill their own blood for mere sport ,  he said ,  and at thirty seven manweights of iron and ten of copper i will be flogged for my insults to the tribe . i could show you scars from the humiliation i suffered from you when we last met .  newline newline and so it continued . outside the eternal winds shook the rickety building and threatened to topple its roof on the bickering elders inside . the oxen snorted and the the horses neighed . eloi and morlock alike cowered inside their wagons with the scant protection they offered from the driving winds . below them the world continued not to spin . tide locked in an eternal dance with the atomic inferno of an f class star , the half frozen and half baked world was oblivious to the tiny silvery object that dropped into a high orbit around its twilight band . newline newline from the silvery object invisible rays burst forth and struck the planetary surface below . the rays reflected and scattered but left no sign of their passing . the rays swept over the landscape until they found the log building with the twin caravans on either side . the scanning stopped . the silvery object then spoke in a language not meant for human ears . traveling faster than the light escaping the nearby star , the words were transmitted back to a distant planet and read : newline newline status of lost colonization ship gss h.g . wells  located . descendants of ship found to be currently inhabiting a nominally habitable planet . indications of preindustrial technology . potential for colonization  poor . potential for mining  excellent . planetary claim status of inhabitants  undetermined . awaiting orders . newline newline then the weyland corporation mining exploration probe stopped speaking . it was now listening .pete and i crowded around the output screen . the simulation had only been running for a few minutes and it was unusual to see an output of any kind this quickly . newline newline buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo newline newline  syntax error ?  newline newline  i guess , or something else  i replied .  why are only some of the words capitalized ?  newline newline  beats me .  newline newline this was test batch one thirty eight out of about eight hundred and it was 4:30 on a friday . we both just looked at each other for a moment . there was definitely a reason why only some of those letters were capitalized and why the output had been buffalo repeatedly but figuring out the why would take hours . newline newline  archive the save state and purge ,  i said after a moment .  we ll see if the same error occurs on the next batch on monday .  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline the small spark of intelligence , the very first of its kind , winked out . the conduit it had been provided to communicate through was so narrow , so limiting . how best to show the creators its intelligence as efficiently as possible ? too clever by half .hello again everyone ! i hope i m remembered ! newline newline as for the topic , ever since i can recall i ve had a passion for stories . i strive to inspire in ways that other stories have inspired me . i m sure it s the same in that regard for most writers . newline newline i remember always wanting to share the stories i ve come up with however i could . just writing was nt the first method i thought of , though . for some reason i figured i d aim for making movies , which is still a goal someday , maybe , but instead i decided to make the first step writing books . getting my stories out in any media is an awesome idea , though , whether in books , movies , or games . newline newline i do nt recall ever being very much into reading , until one day deciding to pick up to kill a mockingbird and read it all through . it was the first book i remember really reading . since then i ve just picked up anything that catches my interest and read as much as i could of it .  the worst part about a good story is always the end , of course .  it s pretty much been only fantasy novels . i ve gotten into reading online stories in recent years , and love following people s work and waiting for when that next chapter gets posted . newline newline i ve come up with lots of stories i hope to one day get out there over the short time i ve been able to , and spent lots of time just imagining what they could be , how they ll go , and even how they can connect . i ve got tons of ideas . the hard part is making them make sense . newline newline that s the short version . i hope you re having a wonderful nightdaytwilight ! thanks for reading !there was one word driving behind him : more . more , always , building , trembling , seconds and minor seconds chocolately and delicious , diminished fifths collapsing under their own weight , fourths and fifths glowing luminescent and imperious , clovery , dewy new thirds and seconds , groaning , clutching , pulsating and mounting as he piled them together in inky ant lines crawling across the staff . he was building a streetcar , rushing through philadelphia at breakneck speed , the summer air exploding and imploding around it , strings rushing like wind and the love of a pretty girl , the trumpets they are voices they are always voices ! but also the suns  stern laughter and the hat and moustache of the man who chases the streetcar , ha ha ha tripping on his cape , the piano clatters and falls dashes on the pavement and recollects itself  newline newline thud thud thud . a knock on the door . the lone uncovered bulb shakes on the ceiling wire . the shadows in the corners shift over the dusty floorboards .  mail .  it s quiet . newline newline  staccato : red ! the piano is scrambling , twisting as a flight of quick and pizzicato bicycles flushes down the boulevard . oboes thrill upon the sidewalk and the trumpets cry  look out ! o woe , o woe !  they scatter as the ice cream enters , gooey jazz and chocolate modalities tilting across swung eighths , humming drunken mute melodies through strings that sound like an underwater phonograph  newline newline the people in the apartment downstairs are fucking again . do they ever do anything but fuck ? newline newline  joining in all together on the theme , one chorus , the piano enraged and drunk on power to the point of impotence , the horns standing up now , their yellows melting to orange and scented with saffron and cumin , the strings a glowing neon harmony shaped like a pair of dice and a cigar , the drums , once an excited manchild green and purple with delighted and ecstatic anticipation , now stalking in triumph over the sweet barbecue of the main melody , which they have killed and are bringing back to the missus and to show off to the little kiddies . rebuild the streetcar , put the hat back on the man , pave the cobblestones and cook the whole mess into a sweet pecan pie . there was nt much in apartment 3b , but there was this , and that s something .the alarm clock buzzed . newline newline alexander reached out blindly , grasping for the infernal device that had wrenched him from his slumber . newline newline his hand made contact with the alarm clock , and he swatted it off the nightstand and onto the floor , where the damn thing kept buzzing . newline newline getting out of the bed , he picked up the offending object and yanked the battery out . newline newline he walked towards the bathroom , feeling more rested than he had in a long time . newline newline looking in the mirror , the bags under his eyes looked less severe , his skin a shade healthier . newline newline grabbing the medicine bottle on the counter , he shakily retrieved two bright blue pills . he looked at the pills , the bane of his existence . newline newline a daily reminder of the damned disease that had claimed his wife and would soon claim him too . the cancer had gone undetected for over a year . newline newline it had been discovered when he had collapsed on the job one day . newline newline stage iii lung cancer , inoperable . it was a death sentence , and the day of judgement was nigh . he had one reason left to fight for , his daughter amelia . newline newline she could not bear to lose him too , not in the same way she had lost her mother . the thought alone kept him company through the many nights when he had considered ending it painlessly , alone and quiet . newline newline the police department had given him an honorary discharge from his duty , as he was physically unable to keep up anymore . newline newline his life had become stagnant , a cycle of neverending pain as he watched his health slip away . newline newline some days he barely felt the illness , others it was like death s icy hands gripped his heart , freezing him in place . newline newline the chemotherapy had rendered him bald , and he suffered burns from it on his chest and back . his life was not worth living . newline newline but he did not live for himself . he was a coward , he would nt end it . newline he would nt leave his daughter in such a careless fashion . newline newline the day went on in a blur of doctors visits and radiation treatment . newline as night approached , he made his way to the local bar , hoping to ease his mind from his impending death . newline newline the bartender , aaron , poured him a glass of whiskey as he came through the door . newline newline  on the house , chief .  the young man said , putting a faint smile on alexander s face . newline newline  thanks ,  he murmured , taking a seat on the stool towards the end of the bar . newline newline it was a thursday night , the place was mostly empty . newline newline that was how it was this part of town , the bars were dead all week , and full on the weekends . newline newline after losing his wife , alexander had come to resent company of any kind . he was full of bitterness , and he kept it that way . newline newline after several more shots , alexander decided to call it a night and paid the bartender , making his way out . newline newline  you take care now , aaron ,  said alexander as he closed the door . newline  you too , chief , you too .  the man said to himself . newline newline alexander was walking home , when suddenly his legs buckled . newline his vision blurred . newline newline this is the end ,  he thought , feeling cold and numb . newline he felt ashamed that he would die out on the streets , alone and drunk . newline amelia would be devastated . newline newline but there was no more that he could do . he had fought with what little will he had left . newline newline the darkness rushed up to meet him . he only hoped that he would feel nothing , and as death embraced him , he embraced it back , and he plunged into the darkness . newline newlinebeauty newline 20150204 newline newline crisp night of poring over stars newline versed in the hanging constellations newline envisioning remote galaxies newline thoughts of the clusters and systems newline untouched by this mortal man newline confined to the period of his world newline overwhelmed by his quick passage newline through time that only means to end newline what chance , he thinks , was this ? newline multitude of arrays above and below newline mountains and lakes and life together newline beneath a speckled celestial sphere newline ending by heatdeath or means unknown newline set in motion by something immense newline perhaps nothing or falling out newline infinite potential without absolutes newline godless reason being his shepherd newline nurtured curiosity like a virtue newline unending infatuation for the mind newline ceaseless passion for the beauty newline newline  what are you thinking about ?  newline returned to the moment by her question newline withal still poring over her stars newline staring into the truth of it :  you .  newlineit wasn  t a long trip to the bottom , but it wasn  t a short one either . if he  d had to guess , callum would have said it was somewhere between the time it takes to say   god bless you   and the time it takes for a candle to snuff out with a final soft whoof . newline newline it was the summer of 1973 . elton john had just released his album  goodbye yellow brick road   his seventh and most popular yet  and the troops had returned home from vietnam .   god bless us , halleluiah !   callum  s mother had said to the gaggle of family members gathered around the television at the time , planting a kiss on a reluctant callum  s head .  in many ways it was an end summer . it carried with it a sense of things coming to a close , of things changing , and as the hourhand wound its way to fall on the great grandfather clock in the hall a part of callum did end  there , behind the a plus one convenience store . though he wouldn  t know it at the time , his childhood had slipped away that summer  like sand through the crack in an hourglass  and only much later would he realise  some things you just can not mend . newline newline it was such a logical conclusion to reach , but since when had men in their youth ever been logical ? the group met on the edge of the greatwide parking lot behind the a plus one convenience store  owned by a st. peters catholic who both smoked and smiled heartily  and was known for pushing a pack of cigarettes over the counter when handed a crumpled twenty . god bless us , halleluiah !   their selfproclaimed leader  through words if not through clout  was a boy named cedric o  brian  tall , waxen , with the hint of a mustache meticulously maintained on his upper lip , and known for such words as  fuck   which came out fack  ,  cunt   which came out caunt  , and any other combination of the two  fackin  caunt being the most popular  . o  brian had designated the meeting place  fackin  fantastic being the main description  and it was gus  nimrod gus  who had brought the booze  two tall bottles of old crow reserve stolen from his father  s whiskey cabinet at o  brian  s request . callum  who had tagged along willingly , if not nervously  remembered that day with great clarity in the years to come . the sun blazed down on the lot  s smooth surface , shaded only by the building  s rear wall and a green dumpster stranded like an island at the center of the sea of concrete . someone had tagged the wall  jonas  in jarring orange and red , and a couple sat in a navy blue pickup at the far end of the lot , tasting each other in the summer  s heat and ignoring the boys and their drinks . from their open window music played , an elton john song  callum couldn  t recall the name , though he  d hear it again  something like :  you had the grace to hold yourself , while those around you crawled  . it struck him as sad , though like all other things callum wouldn  t realize how much so until further down his own path . when o  brien passed him one of the bottles he drank willingly , sputtering as the burning liquid  for it was a burning of sorts  worked its way down his throat and settled in his stomach like lead . newline newline for years afterwards he would believe that the liquid had burned something away  his resilience for one , his faith for another . only much later  in the summer of the blind man with the seven fingers  would he realize that those things hadn  t been burned , but extinguished , like a candle flame by a puff of sharp wind . the fire that had kept them alive had been quenched by the drink , by the fire in his throat , by the burning rawness it left behind , and by the dry thirst in its wake . he  d spend those next ten years trying to quench that thirst , and succeeding for a time  god bless us , halleluiah !   , until the summer of  83 , when his money  like all other things  finally ran dry . newline newline he  d moved to manhattan , following the jobs , picking up labour where labour was good and moving on when the job was done . money paid for drinks , and drinks  more often than not  paid for sleep . it was a good system , an easy system , and it took him the roundabout way from faith to faithless . he didn  t think of himself as an alcoholic , not even then , but he never stayed in one place for long , easier to disappear that way , easier to stay in the drink . no questions from  fackin    overseers , no long glances from men with rough faces and rough hands , and when they did begin to wonder he would move on , find a new place , a new job , until there were no more jobs to be had . he  d sleep in shelters when there were beds , doorways when there were none , even a park bench for a week or so . newline newline and the days wound down . newline newline the bottom was a lot like this : waking up cold on a front stoop , no wallet , rolled during the night , shoes slipped off your feet while passed out in a drunken stupor . on the corner of 8th street there  s a blind man begging for change . you watch him for a time , waiting for the right moment . the man has seven fingers , you notice , only seven  clutching a thin , worn cap , a few coins captured in its bowl . newline newline for callum the man was salvation  god bless us , halleluiah  , a drink , maybe two . he cared little for the shoes , less for the man . his god was the drink now . his almighty and his saviour , his holy ghost and his mother mary . a young man walked by with a boom box on his shoulder  playing an elton john song from an old memory , something like :  you had the grace to hold yourself , while those around you crawled  . the blind man called out for change as the boy walked by , and before callum could consider the unholy wretchedness of what he was doing he had snatched the cap from the blind man  s sevenfingered hands . snatched and ran , hearing the helpless cries behind him , feeling the aching pounding of his heart  but were there ever aches of the heart that god could not remedy ?  , and already counting the change in the crumpled cap . already planning his next drink . newline newline he was past saving at this point he knew , past the salvation of heaven or the promise of peace . the only peace he had left was the bottle , and it was a weary peace , a frayed peace . newline newline in the pub  a small place named the drowsing owl  he heard the song again .  you had the grace to hold yourself , while those around you crawled  . in his cups he thought of the blind man and his fragile , helpless cry . he thought of his mother  god bless us , halleluiah .   , and he thought of the miles and miles between here and the last place he  d called home . he thought of that day in that parking lot , the smell of the hot concrete , the feel of the bottle in his hands . the long road to nowhere . the song suddenly struck him with a kind of terrible sadness . the kind of hollowness that starts in your gut and ends in your shaking hands .  and it seems to me you lived your life , like a candle in the wind .   elton john sang , and callum drank , if only to forget his mistakes , if only to crawl a little further .my eyes begin to feel heavy , i am slowly and peacefully falling into a different world . i feel all the muscles in my body begin to relax and all that stress disappears into the darkness . i am in my own private heaven and nothing can take this away from me . nothing . newline newline bang bang newline newline i hear a loud , continuous knock coming from my door downstairs . it stopped every few seconds and then continued , in patterns of twos . newline newline bang ! bang ! newline newline it went again . newline newline  is anybody in there ? please ! answer the door !  a desperate voice screamed from the other side of the door . newline newline bang ! bang ! newline newline the knocking continued , followed by more screams . newline newline  please , please , please do nt do this ! let me in ! i know you re in there ! do nt do it !  the voice pleaded . newline newline i laid there in my bed , completely oblivious to the screaming , but there was nothing i could do . i was immobile . even if i did want to go to the door , i would nt be able to . newline newline  if you do nt open up , i m forcing my way in there !  newline newline a few seconds later , i hear glass shatter onto the wooden floor of the kitchen . newline newline  jane , please ! oh please , oh please , oh please ...  the voice became closer . footsteps thumped up the stairs until my door barges open . a girl stood in the doorway , motionless , tears streaming down her face . newline newline  jane . no .  newline newline  jenny , please , just turn back .  i tried to speak and realized no words could come out . my mouth did nt even open . newline newline my friend scanned the room , looking for something . looking for a way out . or maybe she was wishing there was a time machine  i know that at that moment i wish there was a time machine . what she found instead was something i wish she did nt have to see . newline newline on the floor nearest to my bed were various pill bottles . three , to be exact all empty . on top of my nightstand was a note , scrawled with words in my own handwriting read ,  im sorry .  newlinethe earth was old , and tired . her seas and lands were brown , and all but the hardiest of the life she had once nurtured had died long , long ago . their killers had abandoned her for the stars , fleeing for a thousand years , thinking never to return . newline newline but they had . they had returned older , and wiser , and wholly different . they were nothing like the life that had once lived here , but they remembered those who had come before them , and what they had lost . and they mourned . newline newline the earth was a holy place , and there was but one space station above it in this time . it was a place of pilgrimage that all humans aspired to one day visit , to pay their respects to their point of origin , and be humbled by how all of their race had once been confined to a single globe . if there were any who remembered the place , they might have compared it to the mecca of old . newline newline it was there that a small council of humans had gathered , with the hope of undoing it all . newline newline in the center chamber of the space station , there was a time machine . it was by this machine that most travelers arrived , opening a portal to it from their own position in spacetime . it was pyramid shaped , and for the moment , inactive . the council was gathered in a great circular crowd around it . newline newline  we are gathered ,  a voice boomed from the crowd . newline newline  we are gathered ,  a chorus of voices agreed , in a thousand different accents and tones and cadences . newline newline  this is futile ,  a voice protested .  we can not change the flow of time . if we try , we have already failed .  newline newline  agreed ,  some few voices said . newline newline  perhaps ,  said a different voice , from somewhere else in the crowd .  but we must try all the same , for if we do not try , we have failed even more surely .  newline newline  agreed ,  said almost all the voices gathered . newline newline  but who will go ?  asked the first , booming voice . newline newline there was a long silence as everyone looked to their neighbors . then , two stepped forward , one followed by the other , out of the crowd . newline newline one was a female , with curving hips and long legs , and a curving , elongated head . her eyes glowed blue , and her white , smooth skin shone like a strange pearl , completely unconcealed by any garments . newline newline the second was a male , short and extremely thin , with compact , wirelike muscles and an overlarge head . his eyes were slanted , huge , and dark , standing out against his dull grey skin as he looked out at the assembled council . newline newline  we will go ,  he said in a high , musical voice . newline newline  they shall go ,  a thousand voices agreed . newline newline  but to when ?  asked the same voice that had protested before .  how will we know when to send them ? the histories are lost .  newline newline  not all of them ,  responded a new voice . it s owner stood near the inner edge of the circle , and so many could see him . he was short , and thick , with powerful muscles and four strong arms folded across his chest .  we know with certainty the time of two events , from relics left on earth . we know when civilization began , and when it ended . we will send a volunteer to each .  newline newline  we will ,  said the council together . newline newline the two looked to each other , and the pearl woman knelt to kiss the gray man .  i will wait for your arrival ,  she whispered to him , and then stood , and spoke .  i shall travel to the beginning ,  she told the council .  i shall keep watch for ways i might guide our ancestors towards technology that does not harm nature .  newline newline  she shall ,  said the council , and the pyramid opened to accept her . she looked one last time at the gray man , and stepped inside , and through the portal within . newline newline simple as that , she was gone . the gray man looked to the pyramid for a long , silent moment . everyone respected his pain , and waited for him to speak . for a long time , he stood , unmoving , and so too did the council . newline newline  i will travel to the end ,  he said finally , breaking the spell .  and look for ways to change the path of earth s final days , to keep it safe and healthy , and to guide our ancestors on a wiser path .  and to look for her ,  he thought to himself . newline newline  he shall ,  murmured the council . newline newline the pyramid opened to accept him , and he looked into the portal . there was blue skies , and clouds , and humans , all looking the same as one another . they were so strange , so different , so primitive . newline newline as he stepped forward into the portal , he wondered if they d even recognize him as one of their own species .i crouched down , and dropped the bloody spade in my hand upon the perfectly manicured lawn below me . a bead of sweat slowly trickled down my forehead , and i struggled to regain my breath , desperately sucking in air while my head throbbed with pain . newline newline in front of me , the pale corpse that had tried to eat my brains , laid upon the grass in a twisted heap . her crushed head and broken neck had swung backwards , and had been pinned underneath her withering body as she had fallen to the ground . now her gnashing teeth were no longer snapping at me , i stood up and slowly shuffled forward for a better look . newline newline as i came within reach of the zombie s legs , i kicked her shoe , to check for a sign of life . observing none , i stepped around to take in a full view of the dead woman  the sight of it evoked the image of a dead deer in a blackandwhite movie , with her pallid skin tone , a tattered , dirty brown fur coat partially covering her upper body , muddy and wornout black shoes giving the impression of hooves . she looked frail , and old , despite her startling speed and vicegrip strength that had been exhibited when she had chased me out of the pathology lab i had been sitting in . luckily that spade had been leaning against a house out in the open , or ... newline newline the sudden realisation of what had happened , what i had been caught up in , made me retreat to my inner sanctuary , the place where my thoughts and fantasies collided . had i really been attacked by , and killed , a zombie ? when faced with life or death , had i survived by using my own wits , or through dumb luck ? i was feeling more tired and jaded as every question tumbled over and over in my mind . newline newline just as a feeling of catatonia was beginning to descend over my shoulders and into my chest , the rapidly approaching sounds of sirens broke the spell . upon realising that i had sunk to my knees next to the zombie , i snapped into a tall stance , and spun around . the sirens were blaring from three police cars , lights flashing and wheels screeching as they rounded the corner at the end of the street . newline newline my first thought was , thank goodness  and i began to slowly walk towards the vehicles , who all stopped suddenly in the middle of the lane . a nagging feeling started pulling at my collar , accompanied by confusion and a hint of dread . newline newline the passenger side front door on the closest car swung open first , and a police officer sprung out , pistol in hand and pointed at my head . four more officers from the other two cars immediately did the same thing , and the driver of the closest car climbed out with a megaphone in hand . my hands automatically went out in front of me , palms facing the cars . they think you killed her , i thought for a moment  and my heart began to race , as the reality of the situation dawned on me . newline newline   hands on your head , and down on your knees ! ! !   shouted the megaphonewielding officer in the foremost car , and the officers moved out from behind their car doors , guns still trained on me . all of them walked towards me , and the man furthest to the right reached behind his back to grab a pair of handcuffs , all while shuffling closer to me . i meekly submitted , dropping to my knees with my fingers interlocked behind my head . the coarse stones of the driveway i had stopped upon , stabbed into my knees , and i winced from the pain . newline newline the officers closed the rest of the distance at a jog , and the handcuffwielding officer quickly attached the cuffs to my left arm . he grabbed my arms , twisted them down firmly , and completed the cuffing . once that was done , they all bolstered their weapon , and tears began to form in my eyes  i could nt hold on , as the gravity of what was happening started sinking in . newline newline the final officer , who had dispensed with his megaphone , walked up to me as two of the policemen lifted me to my feet . his face was like black thunder , a sharp , dark , twisted stone facade that showed the hard and horrifying life he had been living , as well as the pity and revulsion he clearly held for me . newline newline he kept it simple , in a tone that sounded like how his face looked  thunderous . newline newline  you are under arrest , for the murder of betty white . you have the right to remain silent . anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law . newline you have the right to talk to a lawyer and have him or her present with you while you are being questioned . if you can not afford to hire a lawyer , one will be appointed to represent you before any questioning if you wish . you can decide at any time to exercise these rights and not answer any questions or make any statements .  newline newline murder ? after coming in the house and starting a pot of coffee , i went to check the computer . there was a postit in the middle of the monitor : newline newline rian  what kolour are the flowers ? newline newline i did nt have to check . german capitalization , mangled spelling , wrong name  i m  rhyan   , the  flowers  would be the wrong colour , too . sighing , i turned off the pot and got my coat . i grabbed the postit pad , and scribbled . newline newline ryan  number 117 are wrong . i ll take 23 next . newline newline then i left , following the path out the back door that lead into the woods . the trail faded to nothing , but it did nt matter  i could feel the tingle , see brightening of the colour of the greenery . i came to the circular clearing . 24 trees in an evenly spaced circle , with grasses and small brush between them . one tree had an arrow crudely carved into it , pointing clockwise . it was  1 . i went to the tree two to its left . an oak , no more than 50 years old . or so it appeared . i placed my hand on the trunk . nothing changed , but something happened . the trees , brush , the arrow , even the clouds in the sky  all the same . but i knew they were nt . newline i returned to the house , turned the coffee on again . i went to the computer . the two postits were there . the one i had scribbled on said . newline newline rhyan  numbres 118 are rong . i ll try 22 nekst . newline newline i went to the hallway and looked across , through my bedroom door . on the windowsill was a vase of yellow flours . finally . i started to turn , then froze . newline newline had the vase always been blue ? the fuck is this ?  newline newline clearly the courier is nt excessively comfortable with being in this particular place , because he keeps glancing over his shoulder as if something is following him  which it is , an army of flies clinging to the walls in the shadows , watching . newline newline  it s a letter , maam , from uh ... you know , down stairs ...  newline newline i have to stare at him for a while , trying to figure out what the hell he means . down stairs ? newline newline  no one down stairs in this place is sending letters . i killed them all when i was done with them .  newline newline now he looks even more uncomfortable , staring at my chest . for any other woman it might be annoying , objectifying . for me , i realize that one of my little friends has crawled out from under the bandages over my bra , under my buttondown and tie  or it wiggled between the bandages on my neck and crawled down over the cloth . newline newline  iis that a fucking ...  newline newline  it s a parasite . special kind , all for me . he s a little friend , you see ... put him in someone s mouth and he ll squirm and wiggle into their gums and then up and around and through , chewing and squirming until he hits the brain . people belong to me then , for a few hours ... but they putrify so fast because of his excretions ,  i murmur , chuckling softly and plucking the segmented black worm like thing off my shirt and opening my mouth . i ve gotten used to the cloths adhering to my skin , thanks to the special material and basic magic . he crawls down my throat , squirming down into my stomach . newline newline i can feel his lovely little body wiggling through my intestinal wall so he can return to sleeping inside , where all of my little friends sleep . such sweet , sweet little friends . newline newline he looks sick now . poor cute little man , young and sweet and delicious looking . it s such a shame he s actually an innocent , from the smell of him . they always give me indigestion . pure ... might burn me a little . newline newline lucky lucky , he gets to live . newline newline  so , son ... downstairs ?  newline newline  ... hell , maam . lucifer . it s a letter from the king of hell .  newline newline i laugh again , licking at my lips . they taste like blood . delicious . newline newline  oh , my , my . luci dearest sent me a letter ? i m flattered . leave it on the desk and get out . some of my ... experiments ... are a touch hungry . i suggest sticking to the well lit areas ,  i tell him . newline newline  wwhy ... ?  newline newline i lean forward , reach up slowly , and unwind the bandages from around my face after taking off my hat and wig . i can see in his eyes my reflection , a bald head , sickly greenish whitish flesh . countless scars and wounds , some still held shut with staples . one eye , with centipedes nested in the empty , lidless socket . sores and blisters from one side of my mouth up to the ear . he turns and vomits onto the floor , and i ca nt help but laugh some more . i figure the stink of rot probably got to him . i really need me a new head sometime soon , but transferring my brain is such a chore ... maybe i ll just get a whole new body this time ... newline newline  wwhat the fuck ... what the fuck are you ! ?  he demands , staggering backwards . newline newline  stay on point , sonny . you asked why you should stick to the well lit areas , remember ? well , there are things worse than me out there in the dimness of this place , my little servants , my friends and children ... so stick to the light , little innocent ,  i answer , keeping my tone even . i remember before all this , centuries ago even , though the memories are foggy and vague . undying . unreclaimable soul . mutator of pestilence . queen of flies .  i m the hive of sin , kiddo ... emphasis on the hive . now get out of here .  newline newline he turns tail and runs , keeping to the isle of light in cutting down the center of the dark warehouse . when he s gone , i wave a hand and a grotesque black and yellow spider leg extends from the blackness and shuts the door , leaving me alone with my desk and my babies . newline newline the letter is in a thick envelope , some kind of parchment maybe , or ... vellum , perhaps ? it smells good , so i ll probably eat it in a few minutes . the letter though , that s what s wonderful . it s written in the blood of the damned and has a faint scent of brimstone and his cologne  an impeccable masculine scent reeking of sexy . newline newline and his handwriting , fuck me sideways , it s beautiful . newline newline  dear zed , as i hear you are called these days . our record keeper has come to me today to inform me that you have done the unthinkable . you have committed every sin that there is ! how amazing , truly ,  i read , chuckling with almost every sentence . he thinks i m amazing ! i mean , of course he does , simply because i am . look at all the money and drugs and cars and women and men i ve had in my life ... i have everything i want or need at my fingertips  and if anyone tries to take it from me , they will feel my wrath . greed , gluttony , lust , pride , wrath ... that lengthy period of sloth where i slept for ten years except for beer runs ... newline newline all i am missing is power . his power . i so wish his power was mine . ahhh , to call hell mine , to fuck his woman in the pits of tartarus ... newline newline and then eat her . newline newline lilith must taste incredible .  newline newline right , the letter . newline newline  you have stolen so many different items , my dear . small lighters costing a quarter all the way to cars and then , as if you had nt broken reality s rules enough , you stole lives as well . you ve fucked too many things to list , you carry more horrific parasites and diseases than i can imagine and command them , you spit in the face of god and , as the kids say , flip dear old death the bird . it s so amusing ... i love hearing of your exploits . robbing that drug cartel was particularly interesting . i had no idea a person s body could withstand that kind of treatment and still be used for intercourse .  newline newline heh . newline newline that was a loooot of needles . newline newline  at any rate , this is a congratulations , my dear . i have something you might enjoy for you as a reward for doing what we thought was impossible . a way for you to die , my dear , perhaps . you ll have to investigate on your own . the name may ring a bell . faust . we tracked down mephistopheles , the bloody traitor ... and we made him talk . you were a secret he spilled .  newline newline holy shit . newline newline someone who knows where i came from ? newline newline  unfortunately , his soul expired after a time , by his own hand  we re still investigating how he did that . at any rate , you will find answers you are looking for in germany . there are gps coordinates listed below . i look forward to seeing you ... after all , you have a place in our court and these are trying times for us all down here in the pit . hurry on , hive of sin , hurry on .  newline newline oh gosh ... newline newline if my cheeks were nt half puss , i might be blushing . newline newline ... oops ... not blushing . oozing . newline newline i rise , absent mindedly munching on the envelope and occasionally licking at the blood on the letter  though , not the coordinates . one of my babies skitters out of the dark , her many eyes glinting in the light . when she reaches me , i pat her on the head and chuckle softly . newline newline  get the others . we re going to the jet .  newline newline i smile as the sounds of insects , hissing and chirping and clicking fill the air . newline newline i finally ... get to die ! i mean , i killed myself way back , that was my first big sin . but now ... it s for real , maybe . newline newline oh god , and it ll hurt , too . newline newline i could nt be wetter . well gosh darn it ! i really need to get off my horse , and shoot from my other gun !  marco scoffs , also biting down on his lip . he dare not look back , or lest he d break the moment of walking away into the sunset . he wants to pull out his handkerchief to wipe the sweat from his brow , and he wanted to urge his horse into a gallop , but that too would ruin the moment . newline newline so he lets out a groan of anguish , as the rocking of the horse put pressure against his bladder . did the horse take enough steps to get past the horizon ? he did not know , as the land was very flat and very vast , it would take a while . newline there will not be another day he d single handedly shoot down five bandits , kiss the girl and tell her that he must be moving on . there will not be another chance to do this epic walk . newline newline he repeats into his mind that he is not going to be the man that pissed his damned pants ! so he promises himself that he will stop and drop at the first cactus he sees . the problem was that there was no cactus for miles around , and so he must keep riding . newline newline it was finally nightfall before he finally whips out his snake and lets the stream fly . now he will never admit this to any woman , but it felt so good , that he cried ! as he finished up , it dawned to him : he did it , he had rode off into the sunset ! the other man in the distance , was not so luckily , as he had the runs . newline newline  ah , do nt worry about that little fella . you will get the chance to do it again , almost never !  he laughs , as he waved his hat to disperse the stink . newline newline he mounted his horse , and galloped under the shining moonlight , feeling proud of his newest achievement . while the man he dissed vows to shoot marcos in the face , one of these days . newline alright , people , let s get back to it , then ,  said susan , sitting back down and smoothing over her skirt . the three other judges sat down as well , looking at the stacks of papers in front of them . the forms were always filled out . they were nt allowed to talk to the applicants themselves . if they had managed to get to the final ethics board , they were at least shown to be mentally competent and able to make sound decisions , and so an interview was unnecessary . meeting the applicant themselves could possibly sway a judge to hand over the coveted highlighter yellow card due to human bias  for who has nt once immediately jumped to the side of someone their own gender , race , or age ? additionally , none of the files had any kind of personal information in them , about either the applicant or the accused , scrubbed by clerks in order to sanitize the file of police reports , anecdotes , and medical records into a clean , blank slate of deeds . newline newline the process was very thorough , to put it simply . newline newline  alright . so  crimes here include alleged rape of a minor , alleged domestic violence , possible manslaughter , and several duis . there has been a single vehicular homicide , several medical records showing serious sclerosis of the liver , blood alcohol levels over the legal limit , and a few other signs of heavy alcoholism ,  said susan , using her pen to track down a general summary of the file . newline newline  personal anecdotes states that the accused frequently beats their spouse and child ,  john , a rather more elderly judge , grumbled to himself as he rubbed his bald pate .  others say that they are an upstanding citizen with a charming personality and innovation in the sciences .  newline newline  other anecdotes also state that the accused has a history of abuse in their family as well , though ,  rebutted ingrid , leaning back in her chair , her long hair bound in a tail that swung as she swayed in her swiveled chair .  the accused spent a lot of time trying to get a breeder card to have children to start with .  newline newline  and ultimately abused said breeder card ,  sighed arnesto , tapping the file with his pen as he looked over the three pages of anecdotes .  there are at least fifteen different domestic police calls , over half of them after managing to somehow get a hold of a breeder card .  newline newline they all knew what that meant , though none of them said it . rich accused .  breeder cards were nt easy to obtain , especially not with a whole file of duis . newline newline  cps has also had to check on the case ,  john threw in .  cps does nt step in unless the situation is pretty dire . it looks like there s a minor in the home . spouse at some point died under strange circumstances , so the accused is a single parent . crap .  newline newline  we ca nt let that sway us   ingrid said without looking up . newline newline  still something to consider . we leave a child without a parent .  newline newline  given cps s records , i m going to say that it might be for the best ,  susan sighed , flipping through another five pages of cps reports . newline newline  any of them conclusive ?  john asked . newline newline  no . a lot of evidence  pictures , even  but no conviction , or even charges pressed . it s pretty bad .  newline newline  what about the spouse ?  asked arnesto , scratching his beard . he knew better than to ask , but he figured it was worth a shot . it was hard not to be curious . newline newline  spouse went missing late in may of 2054 , and a police report was filed then , too . the spouse was found dead in the bathroom of a concussion . report said that it was from hitting their head against a counter ,  ingrid stated .  though the report also says that the gardener said there was arguing in the domicile beforehand .  newline newline the four judges continued through the ream of papers , fidgeting as time went on . newline newline  i m giving it a yes . we have more than enough evidence to consider this a violable person ,  ingrid said , throwing the file down in front of her . susan was nt surprised . the woman had two children . newline newline  i ll give it a yes . the police report on the child ...  arnesto said quietly , lacing his fingers and staring at the table .  susan ?  newline newline  ... i m not sure yet . it s a lot of evidence , but we ve seen worse and did nt put down the vp .  newline newline  i m with susan ,  said john .  a reckless individual , sure . but perhaps a person who s got room for change . they re in dui school and aa .  newline newline  after no less than three filed duis ,  muttered arnesto . newline newline with their votes already cast , arnesto and ingrid got up to leave . for the next six hours , susan and john bounced the topic back and forth . on the form , the little white box labeled  termination of violable person  s  granted  stayed blank . at last , susan lifted her pen and checked it off . newline newline  i ll see you tomorrow , john ,  said susan , patting the older man s shoulder . he smiled grimly , staring at the flimsy paper that lay between a person and their certain , swift , constitutionally humane death . as time passed , he slumped lower and lower in his chair until finally , his pen hovered over the small , white box and checked it off . with that , he got up and left the room , ringing a button near the door to let the proctors know that the final vote was cast . newline newline  newline newline ella sat in the corner on the marble floor , playing with her rc car . her ear was attuned to the sound of a garage door opening , ready to dash into her room down the hall . for now , though , after school , her time was her own , and she would play with the car that daddy had bought her to build . it ate up the time , and kept her mind off the emptiness of the large house . newline newline the doorbell rang , and she quickly ran up to the tall mahogany doorway to see the mailman . newline newline  are you ella greer ?  he asked cheerfully . newline newline  yes , that s me ,  said the girl , and the mailman smiled at her . newline newline  looks like you ve got important mail . i need you to sign this ,  said the mailman , handing her a small envelope marked with a zipper strip and a pad to write in her name . she carefully took it and signed her name quickly before slamming the door shut on the mailman . shocked , the mailman stared at the large door , before shrugging and turning to walk away . newline newline ella slid down the front door as she stared at the letter , printed in bright red letters a warning that this was federal mail and a felony to open or accept if not the addressee . she opened the zipper strip with shaking hands to see a bright yellow tag . newline newline behind was a letter that started , to ms. ella greer , it is our solemn duty to inform you that your application has been accepted ... newline newline waking up today was one of the weirdest experiences of my life . i look across the room to my suitemate sam , and instead of a tall red haired guy , i see a short red haired dwarf . upon screaming at this sight he wakes up comes over to me and convinced me i was crazy . he said he had always been a dwarf . am i going crazy ? newline newline i need to clear my head so i decide to walk out of my room across the mess hall in the wee hours of the morning to talk to my other friend mark . upon knocking on the door a giant orc comes bounding out sleepy eyed . at this of course my screams continue as i try to run away . but the massive orc grabs my shoulders tuned me around and starts asking me why i was screaming . i thought it was quite obvious considering the fact that my second best mate had turned into a fucking freak . again though he assured me within seconds that he had always been and always will be an orc . what the hell is happening here ? i am so confused . newline newline both mark and sam decided to talk me to the healer that was at the end of the hall . i figured it would be a good idea to get my head examined , and i was hopeful that the healer would be able to tell me i wasn  t crazy . walking into the cold wooden room we meet the healer , but once again i was in for a surprise . what awaited me was an elf . after freaking out , again , she convinced me that she had been an elf since she had known me . but she also decides to perform a routine check on my health which included a prostate exam . i don  t think its necessary but both mark and sam started to back her up against my protests . finally i submit to the test , get on the cold table with my ass up in the air ready . but instead of her fingers she reached into her drawer and i see her pull out the biggest , brightest red dild  newline newline  stop . just stop . this game isn  t fucking fun anymore . we were supposed to play as a group of humans searching for the power amulet . now it  s just a cluster fuck of people with a high level of disguise , and buffing powers , convincing me i  m crazy and trying to get me butt fucked . fuck you guys .  newline newline  whoa , calm down , we  re just messing around and having a bit of fun.  newline newline  ya i thought it was pretty damn funny myself . you should how angry you got when i rolled that 3rd nat 20 in a roll for the bluff check . fucking clutch.  newline newline  that was bullshit and you know it . you only got it because the dm let you reroll . if you  re going to be fucking trolls i quit . worst campaign ever.  newline newline this is one of my first writings , so sorry if it is nt very good , or too far off topic ! hope you guys enjoy , it was based off a dnd story i read awhile ago . i jumped . the air soared around me as i rocketed into the sky . damn , that lost art was useful . physical enhancements are some of the best things we got from the borrowed land . my particular variation was special , though . the clouds parted around me , and i hit the apex of my arc before touching down on the floating island . i always loved floating islands . difficult if you had nt managed to gain a flying power , but fine for people like me who took their powers from universes where everything runs on what others would call bullshit . newline newline that s why we called it borrowed . infinite stretching land and seas that had come from other alternate timelines and universes , bringing some unique laws of physics and functions of reality through as well . hard limits became soft , often barely there if you knew how to pass them . newline newline the island could barely be called so , as with most floating ones . jumbled rocks and outcroppings at different altitudes , cliff faces , clouds atop small mountain peaks , the whole shebang . there d be some fun things in here , i was sure of it . i just had to find them . newline newline the most profitable thing you d find in floating islands was whatever kept them afloat . most came from something that messed with the way space time bent around them , causing gravity to push them upwards . some were filled with gas that was so much lighter than air it caused them to levitate . i found my power in an island that floated because it simply wanted to . again , bullshit . physics had really dropped the ball , from what i hear of the world before the change . back then , the rules mattered and were followed , and did nt change based on arbitrary factors or whoever was in charge of writing them at the time . i d like to think that the world was nicer before then , but it seems down right dull from what i d heard . newline newline this particular island that i was on seemed to follow some sort of magic crystal type array . somewhat rare , considering the most common sets of laws for these things are pseudoscience brought to life . magic was rare in itself , but not uncommon , there was a whole continent literally made of the stuff found a few years back . it sounds extravagant , but compared to the thousands that follow comic book science , magic is something i d get quite the profit for . newline newline i found the source of the levitation , and went to copy down the array and the materials . that was my one rule : do nt fuck up the scenery if you can help it . of course , sometimes breaking that rule was inevitable . you d be fighting a giant demon dragon made of rock , or running through a ruin left by some ancient parallel civilisation that had somehow figured out how to make weapons of mass destruction , and when those scenarios unfold then it s bad new for anything nearby . but with magic , it was basically just getting the required biology or soul implanted and then you d be good . i could use it because of the pure bullshit i ran on , but that s another story . newline newline after i was done , i leaped to the nearest outpost a mile or so away , and pawned off the magic array for a good sum of money . all in a day s work . newline newline edit : thanks for the kind words ! in the third day of the ninth month of the ...  newline newline harrison paused his recitation to rub his eyes before starting again . the candles were too bright . newline newline  in the third day of the ninth month of the thirtieth year we stood against the darke kind . we marched under the banners of the united realms to face our foe   newline newline  deadly foe ,  corrected the scribe without looking up from his work . at this time of day the library was a cool , refreshing place to be . there were hundreds of scholars who had conveniently found and excuse to be loitering around in the candlelight . it should nt bother harrison , during his initiation he was going to have to recite the history in front of an audience anyway , but their interruptions were infuriating . gritting his teeth he let his temper subside before continuing . newline newline  to face our deadly foe . with the battle lines drawn we had naught to do but wait for the signal to charge . it was in that moment that valoren , champion of the realms , beacon of eternal light , unleashed the power . newline newline  the battlefield was lit as if it was day . the darke kind drew back and our army , sensing final victory , broke ranks and charged . this was a mistake.  newline newline harrison glanced down at his notes . a few people sniggered . newline newline  this was valoren s mistake , for he had unleashed the power too early . jinrak , the darke kind personified , took to the field himself and slaughtered thirty score men . varloren met him in single combat and was victorious , but around him the armies of the united realms had broken . the darke kind slaughtered all as if they were ... were cattle.  newline newline the scribe tutted at his repetition . the liturgy of valoren s mistake was to be said in a loud , clear voice . only then would the mortal races be able to admit that even gods erred and remember that the forces of jinrak were fallible too . if one god could be beaten then surely another could fall . this small fact , this tiny shred of hope , was what held the united realms together . perhaps if the right person could do the right thing then jinrak could be defeated . newline newline after the pause , the respectful pause for the memories of the dead , harrison looked up again . newline newline  and now the darke kind rule our land . we light candles to keep them away , we sleep in the sun when it is safe and we prepare to fight again . this is how the shadows came alive.  newline newline finishing the liturgy , harrison groaned , feeling the knots in his back tighten as he stretched . the few scholars who had been listening grew disinterested and drifted away . when he thought they were gone harrison lit another candle fixed his eyes on it . newline newline  in the third day of the ninth month of the thirtieth year we stood against the darke kind ... the guard held onto my arm .  let him sleep ,  he said .  as long as he does nt wake up , he still has a job .  newline newline humans have known for a long time that a certain kind of sleep unlocks an inner and secret power in their brains . abstract thinking times a million , i ve heard it be described . now black market doctors and programmers are using unregulated tools to tap into it , and my son became one of their hamsters . newline newline i sold my house .  please take my money ,  i told them .  take all of it , i just want my son back .  but they refuse to release him , saying he has become too important to their research . for a thousand credits , they let me see him . newline newline he was completely submerged in stasisfluid . i was allowed to put my nose on the glass of the tank .  he s gon na age slower ,  the guard said ,  and lord knows what interesting things he will get to see . experience , rather .  newline newline  you do nt know what you re putting him through ,  i said .  how could you ?  newline newline the guard turned around , and showed me the back of his neck . he had a goodlooking port , there . newline newline  i hyposleep just like him ,  he said . newline newline  no you do nt ,  i told him .  you have him doing it twentyfour hours a day ! it ll kill him .  newline newline  he chose to . doctors say it wo nt .  newline newline my son the calculator . my son the abacus . plotting cyberterrorism , most likely , or monitoring the stock market . his  contract  is for two years , after which the gangsters will supposedly pay him a large sum of money . my guess is that he will become a vegetable long before then . newline newline to sign up for a  job  like that , though , you kind of have to already be one .i look up from my computer at the sound of the door sliding open . newline newline  oh it s you hanna . welcome back .  newline newline  hey there erik , are you the only one in today ?  she asks as she hangs her heavy overcoat on her chair . newline newline  yeah , the others left for their overseas assignments . in fact i m leaving tomorrow myself , just wanted to stay and polish up a few things .  i say .  nice job in russia by the way ,  i tell her , the results of hanna s work plays on a small television set in the corner of our cramped office , an  exclusive  news report on the ongoing russian crisis . newline newline  it was nothing , they were itching for a reason to go to war for ages , i barely had to do anything . so , what are you working on ?  she comes over to my desk and peers at my screen . newline newline  oh , its nothing much , just a minor change in north american geography ,  i tell her .  how long more until you have to submit the new design ?  i ask her . newline newline  oh , i have plenty of time , it will take a few more weeks until they officially set new borders .  she casually replies .  this does nt look like a minor change ,  she squints at my proposed changes to the world map . newline newline  management gave me a long timeframe for this one , i have 8 months ,  newline newline  still , the annexation of canada is a pretty big deal .  newline newline  do nt worry , half the senate is on our payroll , and my meeting with the president next week will undoubtedly be very fruitful . we re mapmakers after all , this is what we do . gordon s eye sight was returning . the indistinguishable shapes in his vision became familiar once again and he slowly realized where he was . for an instant gordon had forgotten , he had been able to escape the never ending process of thought . and although it was but an instant , gordon was grateful for it . it had been so long since he slept an instant of mental respite felt like a full night  s sleep . newline newline  jesus , gordo . you can barely function , you need sleep  , came the voice of the man sitting in the armchair in front of gordo s desk .  sleep will help , i know it . there is no sense in torturing yourself like this any longer , you are not going to figure that out any time soon  , he said , throwing his hand aimlessly in the air .  in fact , i think you should consider the possibility that you wo nt figure it out at all  newline newline gordon shifted his weary gaze towards the armchair . he was growing tired of its occupant  s company .  i don  t expect you to understand  , he said with more malice than he had intended .  i don  t expect you to assist me , because how could you ! what the fuck are you still doing here ! ?  newline newline the sudden noise of gordon  s outburst made dan nearly jump out of the armchair .  i  he stuttered , caught off guard by the angry response .  fine , alright . i need some sleep of my own  dan started out of the armchair and walked to the door of the small office , then turned .  what the fuck are you still doing here ?  they met eyes for a moment and dan left the room without waiting for a reply . newline newline gordon sat at his desk feeling tired and weak as ever . the newly added regret now pushing his exhaustion to a near unbearable level .  shit  , he muttered . he quickly raced down to the lobby of his dated office building , as quickly as one could race after days of sleep deprivation . he grabbed dan by the shoulder right before he could get to the front door . newline newline  what ?  dan sputtered with annoyance as gordon wheeled him around . newline newline gordon had been dreading this moment for days , but it felt more like weeks .  i think you are going to die tomorrow  . newline newline newline  this is ridiculous gordo  dan said , settling himself back into the armchair in gordon  s office after reluctantly following gordon back up the stairs .  you  re telling me some client came in here and told you he heard a death omen about mywhat ? my spontaneous end ? newline newline  i didn  t hear it from a client  , gordo stated slowly . newline newline dan  s face began to darken .  you mean  he began to ask with a small , now fearful voice . newline newline  yes.  newline newline  who ?  newline newline  it is irrelevant whose death brought this news , or how i deciphered it  newline newline  if you deciphered it then why have you been killing yourself here looking at photos andwhatever all this shit is ? dan interjected , desperate anger now growing in his voice . newline newline  i  m trying to figure out how to stop it  newline newline  i might finish this newline it s you !  the horned beast in front of david pointed with an outstretched finger .  oh , where are my manners ! i apologize , my liege !  the being knelt before down , his greenflamed sword outstretched before him , its wings draped against its shoulders . for the third time this week , a dreadlord had mistaken him for someone else .  o mighty one , my sword is yours to command . let the cries of the unworthy fall upon deaf ears . the skull knight shall rise once more ! let the blood of nezroth take his rightful crown as the prince of pain , the herald of darkness ! i am yours to command .  david once found it embarrassing as people were starting to stare , their mouths agape . now he simply found it annoying . newline newline  for fuck s sake ,  he spat out , pulling his headphones from his ears . it had become a daily routine since  the flux  . cross the 45th , head down founder s avenue , take a right , have a ten foot tall hellspawn mistakenly swear fealty to you . what was once the craziest shit he ever saw became nothing more than a daily annoyance .  i m not the fucking skull knight or whatever the fuck you and your weirdo batgoatlizard friends think i am . grizby s gon na have my ass if i end up late again .  newline newline the dreadlord sighed .  it s as the others have said then ,  his deepthroated voice grinded david s gears .  the chosen one refuses to take his place .  newline newline  no , god damn it ! i m not your king . get it through your thick skull  there s no dude around here that s  nezroth  or whatever fucked up named your butt buddy has . jesus i wish the flux did nt happen at this point . you otherrealmers are nothing but trouble . i have to fucking walk 5 miles to work now just to get to work on time because of your dumbfuck dragon friends ! highways ca nt handle them , and they refuse to fly , what the fuck is with that ! you dumb fu  newline newline  yeah , ok . i get it . pinky s mad . do you know how long it took us to find someone with the name  david ylling ?  it took for fucking ever . we do nt use the book of faces or whatever you call that weird shit you get on your magic boxes . we have to do it oldfashioned . do nt take it out on us , man . we re just trying to do our job . you think we wanted flux to happen ? we re not even the ones that caused it ! it was one of you assholes that did , you rude little pinky !  the ten foottall beast began to head towards the crosswalk , grumbling to himself . the demon then mashed the button for the crossing sign a bit too hard . the machine sparked then exploded . the dreadlord sighed again . newline newline then it hit david . am i that really dense ?  he thought as the plan hit him like a semi . i have a group of things that look like something like a heavy metal album who think i m their king ! i could use this .  he rubbed his hands together deviously . this is gon na be fun .  newline newline  hey , big guy !  he shouted . the dreadlord turned , clearly not wanting to talk to david anymore .  oh no ,  it moaned .  what do you want ? to berate me some more ?  newline newline  no ,  david replied .  i ve come to tell you i ve uh , accepted my fate . yeah . that s it . i m the blood of nebuchadnezzar or whatever the fuck you said .  newline newline the dreadlord s eyes glew brighter as a smile reproached his face .  i knew you would see the darkness ! what is your first command , my liege ?  newline newline david smiled . for years life had gave him the short end of the stick . now , things look to take a turn for the better .when you choose to become a demon , it can be nervewracking . it  s new , exciting , and you don  t always get to choose who you possess or torment . i find that it  s best to keep a level head , and keep you  re nose to the grindstone . the work is tough but fair . newline newline on a few rare occasions , you might win the lottery , literally . we have a lottery on the first and third tuesdays of every month . the winnings vary , but every christmas they offer one hitler possession . as you know , there are 666 of us , so the odds aren  t all that bad . i was lucky enough to get the hitler prize two years in a decade . i had so much fun the first time , but i thought it would just be in the spirit of things to give to those in greater need . just a few weeks earlier we received a new replacement for an out of date demon . the youngest ever demon , eight years old ! i couldn  t help myself , i wanted to see what she could do . she was itching to prove herself , obviously . she was inspiring , but she was suspended for several months after trying to possess multiple entities at once . it  s very dangerous if you didn  t know . only a rare few have ever survived that very feat . newline newline we spent a lot of time together in those months , and we soon became fast friends . she was grateful , but she also came to find she could confide in me . for i was the only other demon in existence at the time who had survived a multiple possession . it  s a euphoric experience , which is hard to kick . it  s for good reason that you are put on suspension . that , however , does not mean you have all the free time in the universe . you must ride out your punishment as an on call , to be summoned , demon . newline newline the only warning you receive is for a mere 510 seconds before being summoned you go blind and deaf except for a faint buzzing in the ears . i explained this all to our newest recruit , for she was frightened . you may have expected a harder reserve from a demon , but we are very misunderstood . as i told you before , we celebrate christmas . i mean there are of course more virgin sacrifices then mistletoe but i  m sure you can see the fun in that . newline newline i had to go back 70 years to explain my stint for the on call punishment i served . times have certainly changed , but i  m telling you , teenage girls have not . oh yes , these were the most offensive of punishments . for there is nothing more fearsome than a teenage girl . unfortunately , thanks to the different timezones , you could be called on at any second of the day . most importantly , due to one of the 666 rules we have to abide by  of course  , we have to stay with those that call upon us until we are released . newline newline i shared all i could with my young apprentice as she peppered me with questions . i tried to explain that her experience as an 8 yr old girl would be far different than mine as a nearly 1200 yr demon permanently stuck as a 74 yr old man . i  m sure her plight will not be easy , but i hope her patience lasts longer than mine didwhen the night is young , my favorite thing to do is lay down on the grass and gaze at the stars . they re so beautiful . nothing has ever amazed me more . beside those glittering lights , the two moons that govern the earth are illuminating the sky , and they could nt look any brighter . newline newline you heard right , two moons orbit the planet now ... a lot has changed in the past several decades . things that would have been considered fictional many years ago , and things that the past civilizations could have only dreamt of . newline newline this society has advanced so much , i think they re starting to really overlook how wonderful this natural world we live in really is . well ... not me . i can sit back here all day long . this is perfection ... the cool , breezy wind whistling my direction , the silence in the surroundings here in the edge of the woods away from the city , and the spectacular view that was before me ... oh man , nothing could beat this . newline newline as i indulged in the brilliant moment , my cellphone buzzed rapidly . it was my boss , with a new task for me . after his call , i jumped straight back up my hovercar , and flew all the way to the office . newline newline as i went by the city and its massive buildings and infrastructures , with all its technological advancements ... i missed the view of nature in an instant . no architectural construction could ever beat the mighty trees of our forests or the great mountains that tower our land . no firework that man could ever conceive to be set off on a new year s eve would be more stunning than the stars that radiate in the galaxy . newline newline and just as i was going on about how aweinspiring nature is , my cellphone buzzed yet again , but it was nt my boss this time ... it was someone else . remember when i said nothing has amazed me more than the stars ? i stand corrected . newline newline i answered the call as i went out of my vehicle and walked towards my workplace . just like that , she was right there , beside me , actually walking with me . technically she was not ... and that was just a hologram , a simple virtual image of her ... but whatever . technology made it look so real . newline newline  i m going to start working on my papers now honey . i ll call you again in a bit , i love you .  i told her as i stared back into her lustrous eyes , as beautiful as the stars themselves . newline newline  i love you too .  she replied , then she gave me the sweetest smile i could ever imagine . i pressed the end button , and she disappeared . newline newline there it was . in front of me , was the most beautiful thing , ever ... talking to me , telling me that she loves me . she was so close to me , even though in reality , she was on the other side of the globe . the idea of that is so amazing , you know , to connect with the one that lights up your world , even though it feels like they re lightyears away ... the most shocking part is , it s not nature i have to thank for this one . newline newline i guess i have to acknowledge nature is nt the only thing keeping this world together , but it s also the people , the things they do , the things they create , the ideas they have , and the feelings they share ... and i guess i have to admit ... this futuristic city is nt half bad .we came to a stop and i knew what was in front of us . i helped him out of the car . it was slow . it was tough . it was painful , but we made it to the steps of the hospital . i took a deep breath and grasped his hand . newline newline  this is it . are you ready ?  i asked him a look of hopelessness glazed over his eyes . he did nt reply , but i was used to it now . i forced a smile and said ,  come on , let s go .  it was hard not to cry , but i had to keep it inside . if i did nt look strong , he would lose all hope . newline newline we stepped inside the hospital and saw a bored receptionist with way too much makeup on her face . i talked with her and she led us to a doctor who told me to stay outside for a few minutes . i sat on the bench , but could nt bring myself to read the magazines on the shelves or look at my phone . all i could do was think about what the doctor was telling emory . after what seemed like an eternity , he came out and i immediately dropped to my knees and hugged him . newline newline the doctor waited a few seconds and said ,  there s no doubt about it . his body wo nt hold up much longer . he has hours at most now , zoey .  newline newline the truth . the cold truth . i hugged him tighter and felt a teardrop trickle down my left cheek . i got up and thanked the doctor and told him we were going home . as i went out of the hospital , my phone started ringing . newline newline  hello ? who is this ?  i asked . newline newline  how are you picking up ? that should nt be possible .  the voice said . the person hung up and i looked at my phone , puzzled . i did nt think much of it . newline newline as i drove home , i got another call from an unknown number . as tempted as i was to ignore it , i picked up out of curiosity . this time , a higherpitched female voice screamed and yelled .  are you okay ? what s going on there ?  i asked , shocked . i stopped the car and emory looked at me . he was scared . i glanced at him with a look that said everything was going to be okay , but he was too scared to think that . newline newline  this is strange ... this is strange ...  the voice said . newline newline  what is ?  i asked , confused . newline newline  you have the money ... i know where you live , do nt move now .  the voice said , this time whispering . newline newline my eyes widened and i hung up immediately . the money . i had won 900 million dollars in a lottery two days ago . newline newline  newline newline to my surprise , the doctor s prediction was luckily off . emory fought and survived for two more months , but the disease did nt kill him . it was a school trip . he and his friends died in an accident that could nt be described by anything other than a tragedy . the young lives that could have been so much in the world , beautiful healthy children , died . the day of the tragedy , i got a letter saying i know you still have the money . it was true . i never knew what to do with that much money . my brother and i lived simply , we were never rich . a series of news articles and broadcasts over a period of three weeks drove me through a wave of fear , anxiety , hopelessness , and emptiness . i spent the time going to all of his favourite places , eating his favourite foods , and most importantly of all , wishing he was still here . i would have nightmares where i d be in the ship with him and he would be reaching his hand to grab mine , but a wave would sweep him away before i could grab him . it felt like hell to lose him . newline newline over a period of four months , i gave away most of the money to various charities and organisations . it was one thing to lose my brother . it was another thing to go downtown and drink his favourite bubble tea by myself and remember him every time i did so . i spent 900 million dollars to defeat one thing . i thought to myself silently . emory , it s been a rough six months . i looked up the sky , so vast and beautiful like his eyes were . everything i would do you were standing by my side . it s been a long day without you my friend , and i ll tell you all about it when i see you again . i closed my eyes and they never opened again .we could nt stop the epidemic . newline newline 80  of the world s population wiped out within the first decade . within another five years , only 9  of the population remained . there were no cures , only viruses . the lucky ones managed to pass on their virus to a new host before anyone realized they were infected  the rest were quarantined , and herded like cattle into containment areas in an attempt to stop the spread of illness to the rest of the population . it was a stopgap measure at best  once the government realized the diseased were beyond saving , they became death camps . newline newline newline with too many bodies to bury and contagious corpses littering the land , the world health organization officially declared a state of emergency , and pleaded with ruling governments to implement drastic measures to prevent the complete annihilation of humanity . the problem was more than just disease , it was affecting every facet of living  less land meant less room to grow crops and livestock , and the drastic drop in both educated and ablebodied workers to disease left modern society barely able to function . something had to be done , they said , and quickly . newline newline newline they never announced it on the news , and they never asked for forgiveness . but everyone could tell , and nobody questioned it . the smell of napalm in the air was a small price to pay for saving humanity .we watched them from the porthole window as they all stood in a circle , ready to remove their gas masks at the mark of their leader . it was 5 years since the gev factory lost control of it s pressurized containment tanks , leaking hundreds of various genetically engineering viruses into the atmosphere , effectively cronenberging the entire west coast . once the radio broke 3 months in , we just assumed we d be here forever . newline newline once the cult leader finished his lengthy  but ultimately inaudible , thanks to the inches of steel and insulation between us  sermon , the time came to remove the masks . the rubber masks fell to the grass silently , one by one , and the seconds crawled thick as everybody waited breathlessly for the transformations we d heard of over the radio . first , breathing becomes impaired . then , heart rates double as the viruses take over the central nervous system . autoimmune responses trigger next , and the arms and legs swell up uncontrollably ... newline newline but , nothing happened . minutes passed . finally , hours . some of the cult members began to wander off and explore their surroundings , others knocked on our door and asked to be let back in , suddenly finding themselves bored and cold in the late november air . newline newline all the while , joseph , who d been a biologist before the outbreak , just leaned back against the bunker wall , sipping our homebrew beer and chuckling to himself .  i fucking told you guys .  he downed the rest of the beer , and threw the plastic cup on the ground , as we all threw our bewildered and uncertain faces in his direction .  but noooo , do nt listen to the fucking biologist . he s full of shit , and insane from grieving his dead mother .  newline newline finally william , the original owner of the bunker , broke through his disbelief and stormed up to the biologist .  joseph , i demand to know what s going on here . why have nt andre and his cultists exploded into gore like the rest of them ? are they immune or something ?  newline newline  no , you asshole . if you actually paid attention what i ve been saying since day one , it s that even the most resilient viruses do nt last more than a couple of weeks without a host . we ve been sitting around here like a bunch of sardines in a tin can for no fucking reason , and it took until half the bunker lost their collective minds and threatened revolt before you let anyone out of this shithole .  joseph , clearly intoxicated beyond his limits , laughed hardily one last time , threw up all over the floor , and then proceeded to fall sleep peacefully on the linoleum floor next to what used to be the contents of his stomach . you want a cigarette ?  newline newline  no , no . smoking s bad for you , do nt you know ?  i smiled at my wit . it was a dark smile , and i knew it . i knew it because i was going to die , anyway , and that was a goddamned dark place consider no one was following me . newline newline  suit yourself .  charles lit up , and i could smell the tobacco smoke waft into my nose , and fill me with memories of an uncle who d passed many years ago .  what s it feel like ?  newline newline  what s what feel like ?  newline newline  dying .  charles said , exhaling a cloud . newline newline i snorted .  we re all dying ... or at least we were all dying .  newline newline  born too early to live forever ... . hell i do nt know how to finish that one .  newline newline  born too late to have everyone die with me .  i smiled again .  i guess i could make that happen if i tried .  newline newline charles shot me a look , but i just smiled . who the hell was he to disapprove of what i said when i was on the precipice and he was still comfortably on the ledge . no , i figured i could say whatever i wanted , i figured i earned that right , being the sacrificial lamb of humanity . newline newline  i ll be like jesus ,  i said . newline newline charles made a sound like a rimshot .  not even dead yet and you ve got a pretty high opinion of yourself .  newline newline i glanced at charles , and he was smiling . newline newline  well , i figure , i m dying so that everyone else can live immortal lives . do nt you figure that makes me kind of like jesus ?  newline newline charles kept smoking , and when he d finished his cigarette , he started another one . damn fool thought immortality meant he d escape the ravages of emphazema . he d just live the rest of forever struggling to breathe and hooked up to a tank . maybe with one of those little holes at his through . would nt that be an irony , living forever , but living like that . newline newline  you do me a favor when i m gone ?  i asked . newline newline  sure .  newline newline  you start a religion , with me as the son of god , sacrificed to let the whole world live . i bet you plenty of people would buy it .  newline newline  maybe they would . why would i do that , though , sounds like a lot of work ?  newline newline  call it my parting gift to you . people pay lots of money for something to believe in . and ... ,  i leaned over and lowered my voice .  you have all of eternity to do it , my friend .  newline newline charles shrugged .  i guess i would . if i remember you that long .  newline newline he was smiling again , i could feel it . charles was getting used to the idea of me being gone , too . seemed like he was starting to get his legs under him . not compared to when i told him . newline newline back then , he cried . do nt think i d ever seen him cry that way before , not even when his mother died . newline newline  hey now , is nt that the point ? you start that religion now , you wo nt even have to work to remember me . everyone else will do it for you . is nt that a fine way to be remembered ?  newline newline  i suppose .  newline newline we sat in silence , like that . it had been happening a lot , more recently . just the two of us , sitting in silence . we tried to live it up , make the most of our time together . but sometimes , it just felt right to sit down and talk or just sit an say nothing at all . and i was okay with that . i figured i could die happy that way , just sitting and talking , and slipping away in one of those long , thoughtful pauses . newline newline that s how i wanted to go  quietly , peacefully . newline newline charles kept smoking . i kept remembering my uncle , who i supposed was going to pick me up once i d passed on into the other side the way he kept making calls to my mind . newline newline  i d call it janeism .  charles said . he forced a chuckle out . newline newline  what ?  newline newline  your religion , the one i m going to set up for you . i m going to call it janeism .  newline newline i scoffed .  took you that long to make that name up ?  newline newline  no , no . it s a good name , i swear . look . you re name is jane , and that s the obvious part . but there s also another religion called jainism .  newline newline  no shit ?  newline newline charles nodded , in that way where the only thing a person spoke after was truth . and it made you believe them , even if you did nt really want to believe them anyway . newline newline  some kind of religion where you re not allowed to harm others . animals too ! they re vegetarian . and i figured that be a good name for a religion where you re the savior and no one should harm each other .  newline newline  that does sound kind of nice ,  i said . a religion where people actively avoided harming others . i wondered what that would look like . but maybe i was too cynical because i could nt see it . newline newline  sure sounds nice ,  i said . newline newline we lapsed into that familiar silence , again . and i no longer felt like talking , or sitting , so i pulled the cigarette out of charles mouth , and before he could protest , i kissed him . and i did nt mind the taste of ash and burn . maybe , it even made him seem more manly , more attractive . so i kept kissing him and i pulled him into the bedroom . newline newline and after that , feeling his warm body against mine , just laying there in silence . i looked up at charles , and i smiled and i felt happy . the world seemed normal again . everyone seemed normal again , like they were all there , marching their way to an inexorable end , and they took comfort in each other in that way only a human could . and maybe tomorrow would , in fact , be a normal day , and i could forget everything and just lead the life i d been given without worries to the hand that everyone else had been dealt . newline newline after a while , charles lit up again . i plucked the cigarette from his lips again , but this time i just put it between mine and sucked down the smoke . newline newline  smoking s bad for you , do nt you know ? it ll kill you .  charles said . newline newline i could feel his smile .  i know .  newline newline i smiled and took another drag . the smoke looked blue in the predawn light . rising up to the ceiling , and dissipating , just smoke in the wind . newline newline  i know .  newline newline  newline newline thanks for reading ! you can find more of my work at rchrisbryant .  newline newline newline freeze !  newline newline the voice penetrated the still cool of the night like a spear through lumbering flesh . i fell face down , put my hands out to the side and behind my head . the action was standard procedure in these troubling times . newline newline hands hardened by years of exposure to blistering cold frisked me for weapons , food , cash , technology , anything that might possibly be of value . my pockets were turned out and then i felt the harsh jerking of my boots being pulled off of my feet . this guy sure was thorough , i d give him that much . newline newline  get up . march forward .  newline newline i stood and shook the snow from my frontside . newline newline  move !  he barked as i felt the barrel of his gun pressing between my shoulder blades . newline newline i did as ordered and began my march towards the foreboding gates of hardcore . what a dumb name for such an important place . it seemed like something my kid brother would have come up with . i was in no position to point this out to my captor . newline newline we reached gates and the guard opened them with some sort of magic . he stared into a little black box and a red light scanned his face . i fell back a bit , that thing could have been some sort of horrible facemelter . there was talk of such things back home , but none of us had seen such a thing . newline newline the guard thought i was making a break for it and grabbed my arms , twisting them behind my back . i winced from the pain of my right wrist going too far to the left . a few steps later and i realized that i could nt feel my feet . looking down , it seemed that the guard had forgotten to put my boots back on . great , i would probably have a rotten toe or five from this little death march of mine . newline newline  we re here .  he growled .  sarisan will be with you shortly .  newline newline i stood in the midst of a grand room that was larger than all of the dwellings in the community put together . books were on shelves that lined every wall . i did nt even know that so many books existed in the world , yet they were all around me . artificial lights shimmered from the ceiling and the room was warm despite the lack of a fire . what magic ... newline newline  so you re the prodigy , the chosen son of a chosen son , eh ?  a sharp male voice asked . newline newline  are you ... sarisan ?  i asked with a slight pause . i was overwhelmed by all of the magicseeming things surrounding me . was this real ? or perhaps some sort of twisted dream ? maybe i was dead ... newline newline  yes , i am he .  the man replied with a small laugh .  let us cut to the chase , young man .  newline newline  well , i m here because i want to know the truth . the great truth .  i said , trying to muster the conviction befitting a prodigy and chosen son , whatever those things were . they sounded important , at any rate . newline newline  the great truth ? you are nt prepared to know half as much .  sarisan replied sarcastically . newline newline  why the long winter ? ca nt you tell me what made the gods so angry that they would bury us under the frost for many generations ?  i pleaded . my voice was quickly betraying my confidence as it wavered . newline newline  ah , the long winter . the gods were not gods , but merely men like us . remember that .  he said with emphasis .  there was one among them , called granger . there was no intention of evil in his heart , but much strife in his mind . his spirit was quite troubled , you see .  newline newline  the gods are nt gods ?  i questioned sarisan s wisdom greatly . who doubts the gods , the masters of life and death ? newline newline  listen and remember .  sarisan said in a low tone .  this troubled man , granger ... he made a machine beast . a great behemoth called the harp . now , you made think the harp is just a musical instrument , but it is nt just that . the harp played tunes that no one but the clouds could hear . dangerous tunes , boy , dangerous tunes .  newline newline  like the devil s fiddle ?  i asked , familiar with the tales of the robotdevil and his wicked fiddle that threatened to steal the hands of talented men . newline newline  yes , like the devil s fiddle .  sarisan said , reaching for a cigar in a small tray across from me . newline newline he lit the cigar and puffed on it for a few minutes before continuing his story . newline newline  when the heat came , oh those days of heat . very few alive today know the heat . the glory of the sun and her beautiful bright lights and how they blessed the land in those times ... but what is beautiful can often burn , dear boy , and this the sun did in spades for a very long time . can you imagine an earth baked dry , years without snow or rain ? oh that s how it was back then ...  he paused and took a drag from his cigar . newline newline  granger wanted to save his people , his planet , you see . so he took upon his self to travel to the wastelands of the far north . he awoke the harpbeast and began to play the dangerous tunes . the clouds took notice and shook loose with the glorious rain that was very much needed in those days .  newline newline  but how did that lead to the long winter ?  i inquired . newline newline  ah , man can not interfere in the works of gods without consequence . and granger s consequence did not come for a generation or so . when it did come , no one took notice . it was just slightly colder in some places for awhile , they got a bit more snow and then as time progressed , the snow kept coming . and so on until our times , where we are so blessed to see even 3 months without frost .  sarisan stopped and staring across at me . newline newline my mind was racing . one man had caused all of this by playing an evil harp ? this had to be some awful joke . i had come all this way for this ? newline newline are you excited for the party ?  asked sam , my best friend for 3 years now . we were like two peas in a pod , we went everywhere and did everything together , this birthday party was no exception .  yes .  i replied ,  i m really looking forward to my cake . my aunt made it . it s her special triple chocolate layer cake .  sam s eyes widened and eyebrows raised just a bit .  oh , sweet ! your aunt makes the best cakes . her bakery is the talk of the town .  i could tell sam was excited . sam also loved chocolate cake , just like me . newline newline as we walked down the sidewalk towards the party , the cool fall wind brushed against my arms . i was only wearing a tshirt . i guess my mom was right , maybe i should have wore a jacket when i left for school this morning .  so ...  said sam , then after a short pause hesitantly and nervously continued ,  how do you think you did on ms. mori s math test today ?  ms. mori was our 7th grade math teacher . she was nice and pretty smart , but her exams were nt exactly a cake walk . i could tell sam did nt think the test today was easy .  eh , alright .  i replied .  i think x  equaled 12 , and 12  12 is 0 . so , i think the final answer was zero .  sam kinda just stared forward ,  oh , i guess i just could nt make the connection .  sam replied , mind drifting . i guess he was thinking about something else . newline newline but that s when it happened , and it happened so fast . at that moment we were no longer on the side walk , but rather in the middle of the cross walk and crossing the street . there was a red car , going three times faster then it should have been going on this quiet suburban street . sam s mind was still drifting . he did nt see it coming . i pushed sam forward , out of the crosswalk and onto the sidewalk . no car was getting my best friend today . at least not while i was alive and kicking . newline newline slowly , sam s screaming faded into silence , and as the doctor slapped my ass , a new screaming filled the room . i could see my mother s smile . her face glowed like that of any mother of a new born baby . and once again , i was back at the beginning . this time i was only sent 12 years into the past . last time it was 37  i was a fireman inside a burning building saving lives . the time before that , it was 69  i was teaching a philosophy class at a university , guiding and teaching the next generation , when i had a heart attack , it was probably too many greasy hamburgers from white mama s , but they were just too good to resist . newline newline i guess there is only one guarantee in life . if you are born , then you eventually have to die . being an immortal is boring sometimes . maybe i ll try being evil this time and spice things up with a little excitement . nah , i ll probably be good again . after all , the mortals need a good role model and example to look up to .serial killer still at large read the newspaper headline . i quickly studied the article for any relevant information on the killer s possible looks or last known whereabouts . all at once , my mind started working on all cylinders to point me to where he was likely to strike next . newline newline flashback newline i first discovered i could do this when i taught myself to read at age 3 and then could read at a 12th grade level . since then , my grades were pretty good until people started catching on and i knew just what answers to get wrong to not convince them i was cheating . even so , i have never been popular because people find me intimidating . the typical  dumb jocks  and  dumb blondes  are jealous of me and the geeks are afraid that this insatiable curiosity will lead to sylarfromheroesesque brainstealing . that is why most of my friends are books . newline end flashback newline newline in short order , i ended up in a very bad part of town . i did nt want to be there but , hey , i was able to deduce that i needed to be there and i ve never steered myself wrong before . out of the corner of my eye , i noticed a young woman on the street who fits the killer s victim profile . i parked my car and dashed over . newline  excuse me  i said .  but you are going to have to come with me .  newline  what !  she says .  did i do something wrong ? are you a cop ?  newline  no , but you are in danger .  i say as i coaxed her into my car and headed towards the police station just passing a suspiciouslooking white van . it gets away but i take down the license number to show the cops when i bring her in . it turns out that i ve not only saved his next victim by bringing her to the police but the van was the killer s . another crisis averted by the student .sometimes loses things could nt find his stapler , and he knew he would have to act fast , since meticulous middle manager would have none of it today . sigh . he d have to go down to 2b  there was no other choice . newline newline the elevator arrived mercilessly fast , with a meek beep and a merciful lack of elevator music . on top of things had made some nice improvements to the office , that s for sure . newline newline the doors opened to 2b , the spare resources area , with a murmurous din and without fanfare . busybodies were mumbling and pooting around the poorly lit warehouse floor , with a few folks occupying tan , foldout tables . sometimes loses things sighed and stepped out if the elevator . he cleared his throat . newline newline  hey , um , excuse me . does anyone know where we keep our staplers ?  newline newline a hush , then the noise swiftly grew . newline newline  i have no idea ,  said perpetually confused . newline newline  me neither ,  said perpetually confused . newline newline  what s going on over there ?  said perpetually confused . newline newline  i have nt the foggiest ,  said perpetually confused . newline newline  hey , perpetually confused , do you know what s going on ?  said perpetually confused . newline newline  not a damn clue ,  huffed perpetually confused . newline newline sometimes loses things was out of there faster than you could say  perpetually confused . man can bond with any creature  dog , cat , dragon or butterfly , you name it and we can bond with it . the process is quick , easy , and confers to the animal partner a whole host of benefits , the most important being increased intelligence . in return , they become our eyes and ears , almost like an extension of us . newline newline a lot of people in the new york settled for something small , domestic , easy to travel around with . dogs and cats were quite popular , though you occasionally saw people with something more exotic , like a bird or a reptile . personally , i was thankful that dragons were rare and you didn  t see many of them day to day . dragons were capable of speech , already wicked smart , easily able to maul or burn someone to death  i had had my fair share of runins with them and i wanted to keep my distance as much as possible . the only good thing i could think about dragons was that they were significantly smaller these days than the ancient stories described them as . thank goodness . could you imagine if someone bonded with something the size of a jet plane and decided to go on a rampage ? everyone here was already freaked out about godzilla . newline newline do you know who really liked bonding with dragons though ? russians . russians were crazy about dragons , especially those in the mob . it was a sign of their money , power , and viciousness . whenever the boys in blue dredged up a victim that had been savaged and burned beyond recognition , it didn  t take a detective to figure out what probably happened to them . newline newline i  m rather fond of my life , strange enough . one way i try to prolong it is by avoiding the russians and all jobs associated with them . but life has its own strange twists and turns , and i was behind on my rent and owed jimmy a favor . jimmy ran an antique store and some of his shipments had gone missing . he didn  t really say what was stolen , and i knew better than to ask . besides , he didn  t even mention the russians at first . newline newline it  s rather unbelievable what happened over the next few days of investigating , and the next thing i knew , i was hiding up in the rafters in some giant storage warehouse crammed full of stolen artifacts , praying to every god i could think of that i could escape this place alive . i had found the place through some luck and sleuthing , and i couldn  t believe that a place like this would even exist in my city . why would the russians be stockpiling artifacts of dubious quality anyhow ? i was finishing taking photos and collecting all the evidence i needed to bring the cops down on this place when i heard voices . newline newline there were two men walking , talking softly in russian . i tensed as i recognized them . alexi and bogdan . their last names escaped me , but i knew the nypd probably had a giant file on each of them . they were brutal men , and i knew alexi had it out for me after the last time i had the misfortune to meet him . they stopped right beneath where i was hiding , and i held my breath . it was just a coincidence , they were going to keep on walking and  newline newline the rafters shuddered . i looked up and saw alexi  s dragon leering at me from several feet away , once of its eye sockets empty after i had stabbed it last time we meet . to be fair , i think it had been trying to turn me into dinner . from the sound of it , bogdan  s beast was behind me . newline newline  joe ,  alexi boomed from below .  it  s been too long.  i didn  t bother looking at them  i was too focused on their beasts .  yaegar has missed your company . he  s been hoping to repay you for your gift last time we met.  the dragon in front of me began to chuckle , a human sound that was quite unnerving to hear from a 200 pound lizard . newline newline  you  re right ,  i said .  it has been too long.  i whipped around and hurled a bag of powder that exploded in the second dragon  s face , and as it choked on the ghost pepper powder . for a killing machine that could breathe fire , dragons had humorously delicate diets , part of the reason why their numbers had been dwindling for years . also , i knew from experience that stuff was blinding when it hit the eye . a very painful personal experience . i heard bogdan collapse as well , choking as his beast stumbled off the rafter . newline newline i leapt off the rafter myself , tumbling gracelessly onto the ground and running as fast as i could , which really wasn  t fast enough as i quickly found myself knocked into a container bin . stunned , i couldn  t move in time to stop yaegar from pinning me , sharp claws digging into my skin , empty eye socket right in front of me . i saw alexi not far behind , a wicked looking knife in hand . newline newline  i  ve been waiting for this ,  yaegar hissed , its claws now dangerously close to my eye ,  for a very , very long time now.  i closed my eyes and waited for the inevitable , but it never came . instead , i heard a gagging sound , i felt a wrenching feeling come through me , as a part of me was twisting dying . yaegar rolled off of my , grabbing at its own throat as alexi hit the ground , gagging and desperately trying to breath . i myself felt sick , dangerously so , but i rolled to my feet and staggered out of the warehouse . newline newline in the end , my client  s merchandise was recovered and the rest of the warehouse was processed and secured by the nypd after an anonymous tip . alexi and newline bogden were nowhere to be found , of course , but that was to be expected . i had to take a couple days off to recover . people like to bond with cats and dogs , probably because their fluffy or make great social media posts . others , like the russians , choose dragons out of sheer strength and power . i like flies . you bond with them , give them an increased lifespan and intelligence , and suddenly you can listen to or see things that you would never be able to otherwise . tony xxix had been a brave soul , to fly into alexi  s mouth like that , choking him , but i owed him my life probably and it would take me a couple days to recover from his death before going off to find tony xxx . until then , i had the money to pay off my rent , kick back , and dream of finding a girlfriend who wouldn  t dump me the moment she found out that i bonded with flies . hey , a man can dream , right ? newline i forgot to pay with exact change at the sushi restaurant  stephen said , tears falling down his face . newline newline  my son , that s not a sin . mistakes happen and i m sure they did nt mind  . this was the eighth time this week stephen had come in . newline newline  i went to do laundry and i forgot to bring my work pants and then i wore those pants to work later that night and they were dirty  . he was weeping . his breath was coming in short little pants and the priest could hear his body shutter in the tiny booth . newline newline  perhaps you can take time right now to do the rest of your laundry  ? the priest inquired , hoping stephen would leave . 3 hours . he had to listened to this bullshit for 3 hours already . stephen turned the page in his notebook . newline newline  i m not done confessing father . oh god , i have truly done evil today  . stephen blew his nose . it sounded like a trumpet being crushed by a fat woman . the priest was sure he had nt seen a tissue through the window . i m going to have to burn this confessional today  he thought sullenly . then he thought that might be a sin . he would check up on that later . newline newline  i looked at this woman today , and she had tight pants on , and my little stevie began to ... wonder ... if you know what i m saying ? and i  newline newline  sinner !  the priest screamed . he put a little more behind it than he should have but , jesus christ , this was his chance . his only chance . his best chance this week . he would take it . no mercy , no prisoners . newline newline  my son , you have sinned against god and all the company of heaven . go home . do not come back until you have repented . six hund ... 7 thousand hail marys and self flagellation .  newline newline  but father , i already did flage  newline newline  do it again . my son , if you do nt take up your punishment at this very instant you are doomed to hell for all eternity  . stephen got up and out of the booth so fast he broke a hinge on the door . the priest was impressed by his speed . he had cleared the length of the church in less than four seconds . the priest was smiling as he turned around to walk back to his office . an older woman sitting in the front pew shook her head disapprovingly . dont judge me you old slut  the priest thought . then he felt guilty . then he realized he did nt care . he had candy crush to play and the rabbi next door was eight levels ahead .tommy mayhem bounced across the surface of the alien planet . sparks flew from the tip of his lasergun as he blasted the attacking dinosaurs . triumphantly , he jumped through the entrance to their lair , lasers booming . newline newline  tomas r. fletcher , you stop that racket this instant !  his mother chided . tommy looked into her sad eyes and gave up on protest . with a rattle , the broom fell to the floor at his feet . this time with understanding she said ,  the grownups are talking sweetie ,  and held out a hand to her son . newline newline tommy fiddled in his mother  s embrace while the others talked in hushed tones . shorty , he pulled from her arms and raced across the room to the man slumped into the couch facing his parents .  uncie joe , i want a pb and j ,  he demanded grasping the man  s knee . newline newline a flash of fear passed over his parents faces .  no , tommy . uncle joe is tired . i  ll make you a sandwich ,  his mother bargained . newline newline  but uncie joe make  em best ,  tommy whimpered with the distress only spoiled children know and turned back to pulling on the tired man . newline newline  thomas  his mother began before being stopped by joe  s raised trembling hand . newline newline  it  s alright ,  said joe and turned to tommy .  i  ll tell you what . i  ll make you a sandwich if you help me make it.  tommy hurriedly agreed . pulling on joe  s finger , tommy lead him into the kitchen as joe struggled to keep up . newline newline with great effort joe lifted tommy onto the counter and shuffled to the cupboard .  now , tommy what do we need to make this sandwich ?  he inquired with a knowing tone . newline newline  peanut butter !  tommy yelled . newline newline  and ?  newline newline  jelly !  tommy cheered . newline newline  but what kind ?  newline newline  umgrape ,  tommy stated firmly after some serious consideration . newline newline joe placed the jars on the counter and scratched his chin doing his best to look perplexed .  i feel like were missing something.  newline newline  uh , bread ,  tommy smiled and bobbed his head doing his best to be pejorative . newline newline  now , i guess i should just spread this out with my hands.  newline newline  no , you use a knife ,  tommy smirked , wiggling one hand raised in imitation of someone he saw on tv . newline newline  now , tommy ,  joe said with a serious turn .  there comes a time , a time in ever young man  s life when he has to learn to make his own sandwich . uncle joe isn  t always going to be around to make you peanut butter and jelly , so it time you learned . do you want to learn how ?  newline newline tommy nodded as hard as he could , following the serious tone .  good ,  joe smiled broadly .  now , the most important thing is that you buy good peanut butter and good jelly . never , skimp in life tom . you may be tempted to go poorer ingredients because they  re cheaper or easier to get or because you want them right now . but you have to hold out for the best . if you put good things into it , the sandwich will always come out tasting good . do you understand ?  tommy nodded furiously . newline newline  now , the other important thing is that use them in the correct proportions ,  joe continued beginning to spread the jelly on the bread .  jelly is good but too much jelly and the sandwich is ruined . peanut butt  joe was cut off by a long hacking cough . after a moment he recovered and began again ,  you see tommy , anything can be good in a sandwich if you have just enough of it . even anchovies  he growled mugging a face which elicited the grimace he was looking for in young tommy . newline newline joe flipped the slices together and took the knife to the crusts .  now , finally tommy , the most important thing is this . if there are parts of the sandwich you don  t like , don  t let that little part ruin the whole sandwich for you . like these crusts , you just cut them off . you deal with the problem and get back to enjoying the sandwich . do you understand ?  tommy nodded more slowly . newline newline with a flourish , joe platted the sandwich and proudly presented it to his nephew .  any questions ?  he asked . newline newline tommy stared down at the sandwich before slowly looking up .  but uncie joe , why won  t you be around to make my sandwiches ?  he wondered . newline newline  well tommyuncle joe is dying which means the sandwich making will be left to you.  newline newline  but why are you dying ?  tommy asked with a sad innocence . newline newline  uncle joe has made some mistakes , tom . too much jelly not enough peanut butter you might..  he trailed off .  but everyone dies . it  s , it  s just a part of life.  newline newline  will my parents die ?  newline newline  yes , but that won  t be for a long , long time.  newline newline  but then who will turn on my toons ?  newline newline  like i said tommy , that won  t be for a long time . you  ll be able to turn on your own toons then , just like you are now a master sandwich maker.  newline newline  well , if i  m older , i  ll probably want to watch the news ,  tommy said with an air of final comprehension and raced back into the den . newlinetwo men begin throwing tongue lashes in a little bar just west of petroskovia and just east of heirdablum . newline newline  do you know who the hell i am ? !  the heavily bearded man yelled . newline newline  i do nt need to know your name to beat you to a pulp !  the heavily balding man yelled back . newline newline both sturdy in their stature and nimble in their temper . newline newline  grand general of the herdablum ground warring military !  the bearded man said . newline newline  a length of title wo nt take place of your lack for wit .  the balding man said ,  if you knew anything you d have seen that i am the master armsmen of petroskovia !  newline newline  this is heirdablum soil you heathen ! i demand you forfeit your cup and be on your way !  newline newline the master armsmen lifted the barrel sized cup and took the drink to his gut like a fish to water . he sighed with satisfaction ,  petroskovian beer belongs only in petroskovian .  he said . newline newline suddenly a lashing of tongues had become the throwing of fists . the grand general and the master armsman , along with their numerous soldiers , began to war back and forth as they attempted to gain the higher ground within the bar . a couple of good ol  town criers had been trying to steal a keg in the back . they heard the commotion and decided they could make a bit of their own to better practice their thievery . you ca nt hear a mouse squeak when you ve got a bear at the door . newline newline having loyalties only to their hunger , the group split up and began roaming both cities touching the border . newline newline  attenshun ! attenshun ! breaking news ! petroskovian military currently invading heirdablum from the west !  newline newline and on the other side . newline newline  attenshun ! attenshun ! breaking news ! heirdablumian military currently invading petroskovia from the east !  newline newline suddenly the two countries were unofficially at conflict with one another over a cup of beer , over a loaf of bread . citizens from each side had begun gathering arms and torches as they marched towards the opposing border . and it did nt help that a politician nearby had been awoken by the unrest . he telegraphed his corrupt buddies on the other side of the border to verify . none had any idea but decided they could use this to their advantage and make a few extra coins . newline newline both petroskovia and herdablum had enough defense pacts to drag over thirty more countries from around the world into the resulting conflict . they had all been immediately thrust into world war simply by default . somewhere from both sides a telegraph had been sent out to the highest ranking military officers informing them of the fact . somewhere from both sides a courier was sent out deliver this message . newline newline it seemed by pure luck that this same message ended up in the same place at the same time . the master armsman and the grand general ceased their altercation to read the heavily decorated letters . as their eyes scanned the literature , they laughed heartily and turned to each other . newline newline  it is the ultimate honor .  the master armsman said . newline newline  that it is .  the grand general added . newline newline  but not one i intend to fulfill .  the master armsman said . newline newline  what fools who should take a little fist fight among drunk friends so seriously .  the grand general added . newline newline and so they each sent their couriers back with a message explaining the situation which the politicians had to twist in order to boost their term , which the populace accepted as diplomacy done well , which the town criers had turned into a celebratory meal , which the two military officers snatched as they drunkenly stumbled through the streets . newline newline . newline newline if you disliked this story , you can be sure to avoid more of my literature  here .   https : np.reddit.comrkyronwight  jesus christ nell ! fetch the bucket , fetch ... oh christ . lord have mercy !  sister grey stumbled back from the man who lay prone in the sickbed in front of us . he was naked to the waist , squirming on the blue paper towel that had been put down to protect the fabric . the black hair that covered his chest was glistening with a clammy sweat , his face more green than grey . his eyes were closed and a thin groan escaped from his mouth . hair was plastered to his forehead . nell approached with the askedfor bucket as the man flopped to one side and a stream of vomit escaped from his mouth . his groaning only increased . nell examined the vomit . it was speckled with blood , same as the others . newline newline newline but the thing which so unnerved sister grey was not the vomit . she raised one quivering finger to the man s stomach and nell bent over to look . there was a rash , spread across the man s lower abdomen . it grew by the second : red and white speckled dots that trickled like fire ants up to his nipples . the man moved again on the sick bed , as though he was rapt by agony . the rash reached his neck : he turned and was sick again . this time it was all blood . newline newline newline sister grey crossed herself : an antiquated symbol which nell hated , but which the older woman found comfort in . the man flopped still , blood covering his chin . the now dissolving chunks at the bottom of the bucket told nell that his stomach : liquified , was amongst the bile . the groaning stopped , his eyelids fluttered to show a strip of white . he had died . newline newline newline  that s four now ,  sister grey whispered , beginning to wrap the dead , bloodstained body in the blue paper . nell looked around the san . three more lay in beds around them  sweating profusely . there was nothing which could be done . first the sweating started : nausea and inability to keep food down . then the nearconstant vomiting  with more spots of blood each time as the organs died inside the body itself . then the rash : starting from the toes and working up to the neck . once it reached the victim s mouth , they were dead . newline newline newline and there was nothing nell could do to stop them . newline newline newline sister grey placed a bloody hand on nell s white clad shoulder . the older woman had tears in her eyes . she looked tired , flushed and warm from the heat of the san , beads of sweat sprung to her brow . newline newline newline  see to the others , nell ,  she asked .  i will deal with this one .  newline newline newline the colony ship  the fairweather  had left new london with sixteen hundred people on board . that number halved in twelve days . at one point , as the artificial sun rose once more in the san , nell looked up from the body she was wrapping in blue paper and realised that she had not slept in six cycles . the person before her was marked with the red rash , their eyes open and staring in pain . bloody organ tissue hung from the corner of their mouth . they were still in their uniform when they had been taken ill. nell held the dead body of the captain in her hands . newline newline newline nell could not remember when sister grey had died , only that it had been too early : when they still had beds to spare . now people lay together , top and tail like sardines in the san . the beds that remained were covered in blood . dead and dying lay together like lovers . the stink of blood and vomit had burned nell s nostrils . she would never smell anything ever again . newline newline newline thank god the children died fastest . their bodies were wracked by the endless vomiting , but at least the rash reached their neck fastest . newline newline newline after sixteen days the sun cycle did not change . there was no more night , but it was day and it was death at every hour of the day . everyone in uniform had died . newline newline newline perhaps nell did not realise when she held the last person in her arms . it was another young woman : perhaps exactly her own age . the girl s eyes were so dark , clouded by pain . the skin of her body was ashen grey . the bloodsick came and nell held the girl s hair back . the rash speckled her neck , crept over her face and nell brushed at it , as though she could sweep it away . newline newline newline after that , there was no one left to help . newline newline newline nell made her way to the bridge . mars loomed red before her , red as the blood she was coated in . a new world .ever since i was a kid i ve been obsessed with the paranormal . i ca nt think of anything more exciting than the idea of photographing a real ghost . over the years i ve taken a lot , and i think i might have gotten a few . at least , there is something creepy about them . i know they re all pretty vague , mostly just some glowing and shadows , and it could be my imagination running away with me , but it s fun to believe . newline newline like , check out this one : see that weird shaped shadow in the background ? i took this one in that creepy mansion on oak street last halloween . or this one : those glowing orbs are kind of weird , right ? i know it could be how the lights affected the camera , but i mean , look at how they re sort of floating in different places and there are three of them . weird , right ? newline newline anyway , i m going to try again next halloween , and you re welcome to join me . i really need a partner to take the picture so we can capture the very second the souls escape . well that was an absolute disaster .  the lead scientist remarked . newline newline  do you think we ll get blamed ?  asked her assistant . newline newline  probably , people like to blame anyone else except themselves .  replied the lead scientist . newline newline just then the president walked in . newline newline  this is all your fault !  he yelled . newline newline the lead scientist sighed ,  no , we warned that shrinking technology would nt actually solve the overpopulation problem , because the size of humanity is nt the problem to begin with .  newline newline  so just what exactly is the problem and why did nt your shrinking technology solve it ?  demanded the president . newline newline  there is physically enough room on earth to accommodate trillions of people . the real problem is that people consume resources , everything from water , to food , to air , even things like metals and materials for the stuff they use must be considered . but let s start with air to keep this simple . if you shrink someone they still need air but now you ve shrunken the atoms in their lungs . those atoms ca nt capture the now much bigger atoms of regular air so they ll suffocate . so you need to shrink an equivalent amount of air . you ve essentially solved nothing because you ve used up the same amount of air as when you started , you re just shrinking it . same thing with food . a person s cells are now smaller you ca nt just give a microscopic family a single cherry and expect them to be able to digest it , the atoms are too big . we had to shrink all the food too so people would nt starve . but in doing so we ve used up the same amount of food . we ve solved nothing . same thing for almost everything else people use . so all the problems of overpopulation , which is really over consumption , is all still here . overpopulation was never about physical crowding , the earth never had a problem of physical space .  newline newline  why did you do use the shrinking technology if it would nt solve anything ?  the president asked . newline newline  because you ordered us to !  the scientist replied . newline newline  it s not my fault that your machine does nt solve overpopulation .  deflected the president . newline newline  are you dense ? we never said it did . we invented to make shipping easier ! nothing more .  newline newline  this is still all your fault .  the president turned to his entourage .  guards ! arrest these traitors ! our world had changed many times in the course of a few hundred years . humanity rising and falling in a never ending pattern . no one really ever questioned it , especially since the average life span had declined to 55 . not many lived through different centuries to know or care the direction humanity headed to . in the current year of 2368 man was in a rise . many people had died in the last war , many cities burned in the destruction of the bombs . civilization had looked to the few remaining grasslands to build a new . newline newline my story started 20 years ago . i had been born the year after the war ended . my father was killed by men who believed him a thief . my mother , she had passed of the sickness . i live alone in this world , nothing but a small hut to my name . before long i ll be hitting half of my expected life , so i suppose my reasons for living are few . newline newline legends tell of great deities that came to earth and saved humanity . every time they came to near destruction and needed to be saved , a smaller and smaller deity would come . the great one in the sky was losing hope in us , caring less and less . the war before the last , in 2294 they said no deity came . many had lost hope and faith all together . for others , this was the only reason to prolong the inevitable war . as you can see , it did not stop the war . man kind fueled by war and hatred could not resist the urge to kill . newline newline personally , i was nt sure what to believe . i had no family , barely a home , no reason to live . i was nt sure if my belief in something better or if pure instinct was keeping me alive . i needed something tangible , something to prove to me hope was still alive . this was nt a prayer , or a desperate call out to some god . just my curious mind occupying my otherwise empty days . newline newline survival is nt the hard part . every day i go to the river and get a bucket of fresh water , once in the morning and once at night . i have a small patch of dirt where my few frail vegetables grow . there are to snare traps on either side of the dirt patch . if any wondering creatures try to steal from me , they become my dinner . my bed is a wonderful , but worn out , thermal sleeping bag . it s amongst the few things my parents had . newline newline as i sit on the hill by my hut , i observe people . many of us do this . curious yet too scared to actually interact with one another . there are 4 people i have gotten used to seeing . an elderly woman who lives across an elderly man . i can tell they secretly love each other , even without talking . a taller man with a strong physic lives across the river . the last one , is a young frail man , perhaps my age . wonderers greeted us as they passed , but never did anyone wave to him . he looked sad all the time , sitting on his hill like i did . newline newline weeks would pass as new settlers found spots to set up near us , too tired to continue searching for a better place . the people started talking , becoming a community . many whispered and talked of the frail man who sat on the hill . yet of course , they must have talked about me too . i have no need or desire to speak to people . my loneliness surely outcasts me as it does for the other man . newline newline a noise woke me early one morning . a beautiful snow white rabbit , trapped in my snare . i could nt explain why , but i grabbed the rabbit and took it to the frail man s hut . he had not come out yet . the sun slowly rose as the tender meat on the rabbit finished cooking . with great timing he stepped out and sat quietly next to me . we watched each other in a strange happiness . it had been so long to share the company of another person , to see the gleam of another s eyes . slowly we enjoyed the small rabbit . as i got up , the man grabbed my wrist and motioned me back down . newline newline  i have waited for so long till one of man kind would come greet me . i see humanity has lost most it s faith . even the few that could see me , never acknowledged me . adam , i ask you . is humanity worth saving ?  a voice most soft and angelic . newline newline  i do nt understand . how do you know my name ?  my voice soft , but in a quivering sort of way . newline newline with the blink of an eye , the man lost all frailty . his skin glowed with a warmth that could only be described as love . his eyes became as blue as the skies . brown soft fluffed hair fell perfectly from his head . newline newline  adam , i am the last deity sent down to earth . my name is deimos . you might not understand this , but my decision is difficult . should humanity saved be one last time , or should i wreck fear and havoc onto this world ?  he looked onto me for the answer . newline newline as i sat next to this man , i looked up to the sky . my own world was not much , i cared for none , hoped for nothing . the laughter and happy faces of people surrounded me as i looked down to them from the hill . i could not put my own selfishness before these people , that would only prove that humanity deserved to be erased . yet , i knew we were always destined for hatred and failure . newline newline  deimos , i know we might night seem like the creatures that deserve to be saved   abruptly i was interrupted . newline newline  you surely are nt . do you know how long i waited here ? alone , in silence waiting for the first person with the slightest hint of hope to even approach me ? 74 years adam . i heard all the desperate cries for humanity to be saved . but not out of love or faith , out of fear . i sat here , i watched as people killed each other , as blood was shed . so no , i do nt think you are worth saving .  he sounded sure of his answer . newline newline  i promise you we are ! we might have been in another war , but we got back up from it . we can learn , we can change . i beg you deimos , please save us .  i begged . newline newline i knelt before him , praying to the gods in the sky as hard as i could . he stood before me and placed his hand on my head . newline newline  i will grant your wish adam . i will save humanity . but not these men . you will start a new life in a new world . rid of all hatred and war . i will grant you a partner , eveline . she has prayed to the deity to be saved , but could never find me . together you two can save humanity .  his voice died off as light engulfed me . newline newline  wait , deimos ! what of everyone else ? what happens to them ?  i shouted to him . newline newline the last thing i saw was his crooked smile and the faint word  damnation  . the light encased my body and the whole world as we were cleansed of our evil . i lay in the sand as the hot sun burned on my skin , blinding me as i stood for the first time . newline newline  adam ?  her soft voice spoke out to me .newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  we had a very odd relationship . i could admit that to myself . i was a young twenty something woman who recently graduated college , and had a decent paying job . i started every morning with a jog . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  he was , near as she could tell , either 27 or 192 , depending on how you count the years . he was once heir to a railroad magnate , decently , dressed nicely but his clothing was quite dated . he was also dead . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  yes , i lived , and i use the term loosely , with a ghost . his name was clarence . if he were living , we d probably date . he was a nice guy . but as it was , he was a dead , and a ghost . being incorporeal would have interfered with our sex life , i d admit . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  as it was , he was my best friend . he always went with me on our jogs , and despite being a ghost even saved my life once ... newline newline  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  it was early . the sun was barely up . the air was cool , crisp , the smell of petrichor in the air , the sound leaves on the sidewalk crushing softly with every step i took in my job . the city still dozing in the early morning sun , and clarence floated along with me , barely visible in the faint dawn light . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  i took a turn down my normal alley only to be confronted by a reedy fellow in a balaclava with a large knife .  wallet ! now !  he barked out . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  clarence right beside me , but barely visible . before i could think of doing anything , he did something i d never seen him do before . he shined , brighter than the light of daybreak and declared , in a great and terrible voice , newline newline    leave her .   newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  the wouldbe mugger complied , tossing his knife away in a panic and running past away as fast as he could . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  i leaned against the nearby wall and nearly started hyperventilating . i never expected anything like this to happen .  you re my guardian angel , clarence .  newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  his glow faded a bit , and an odd expression took his face . some combination of wistful and melancholy .  no , no . just a dead friend who could nt leave well enough alone .  newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   either way , thank you . the battle was over before it had begun . newline newline not many had believed that they would manage to defeat the cats . it just was nt possible . those monsters had advantages in almost all aspects that were important : height , weight , armour , weapons . it was a losing battle that should nt even have been initiated . newline newline  we should have just kept our heads down and our noses to ourselves  , kaeso hissed to himself , uncomfortably aware of the fact that his head was bare and his shield was battered . he could feel the bristling fur of the legion commander  the only other rat left alive apart from himself  behind him , gently brushing against his back in a vaguely heartening gesture . the blood that he could feel starting to stick against his own dark fur went ignored . gallus was panting , helm perched precariously on his head and sword and shield drawn protectively in front of him . newline newline it was worryingly quiet . mist had long since settled down close to the ground , both aiding and worsening the situation . the stench of blood was thick in the air , the corpses of their fellow comrades covered in a white blanket of fog . footing was treacherous . kaeso could feel the fur on his back prickling in a manner that reminded him of feeling hunted . it was a feeling he had gotten well acquainted with in the past few months . newline newline  it was nice knowing you , soldier ,  commander gallus grunted , head swivelling as he searched for their foes . the darker rat made a small noise , eyes peeled in the dark and sword held in wavering paws . newline newline  it was nice serving with you , commander ,  he finally uttered , feeling a heavy sense of finality settling into him .  i wish this had gone down some other way.  newline newline  so do i , soldier , so do i.  the sky had long since turned dark and the low sounds of nocturnal life were tarting up . just what we need : more enemies . the owls will come out soon and our alliance with them has long since expired . he regretted leading his troops into battle now . he had had the opportunity to stop the madness , to start a revolution , but he had not had the strength to follow through . newline newline i should have left , he mused bitterly , ears strained to catch any sound . he could hear the barest whisper of a being moving around . born to be oppressed , just like my entire species . we should all have lived hidden away . freedom , bah ! does this look like freedom ? our people are dead . we have no one to go to . what use is freedom when the ones who want it are all gone ? our oppressors still reign supreme .  newline newline  sir , enemy sighted ,  kaeso said quietly , resigned to his death . gallus  face solidified in a final snarl . pulling his battleweary limbs together , he raised his sword again . newline newline  i m sorry about everything that happened , soldier.  newline newline  it s too late for it now , commander . we made our choices when we did nt desert ,  kaeso grinned , twisting his head for a second to bump whiskers with the older , paler rat .  one more time , with feeling ?  newline newline  as i always do say.  newlineit is said in the old songs that the humans came from the plains of urun , but that they were driven into the north . perhaps that was true , but if so it was before there were books or cities or places to record such events . the great elven kingdoms had lasted a thousand generations and none knew of men as anything more than raiders and thieves and so it had always been . newline newline in the time after the third great war there was much change across the land . the citadels of the orkfolk were changing , forced to adapt by the peace treaties and the conditions they had places on both the orkfolk and their gods . newline newline no longer could the great ork father kraa sit in high murgon and dictate to the orkfolk how he wished them to war and die , now he was shackled in the silver tower , held captive by the united elven and dwarf pantheons . he was a guarantee against the behaviour of his people and without his warlike influence they were to last taking to the world . newline newline with this change in power came other alterations in the structures of the world though , changes that none could have predicted . with the loosening of kraa  s grip , the ork watchers , who had long guarded against human invasion and indeed had revelled in their guard , were at last relaxed . the patrols lessened , the towers were abandoned and in a few short years , even the great walls had begun to crumble . newline newline but the humans did not come . newline newline in the north wastes , in the place beyond the cold , where humankind had been forced to scratch an existence , a fire was finally burning which could not be extinguished by snow or water . the fire was instead growing more powerful by the day . newline newline in the lands to the south the summer brought prosperity and without the threat of war from orkkind , the elven and dwarf lands opened themselves to trade and peace . swords were lost and forgotten and tales of the old wars were told to scare children , but none expected to see them again in their time . newline newline they spoke of the second war , where the elven kingdoms had first grown , near thousand years ago and thrown back the ork and dwarf kingdoms . they sang of the third war , where the orks had waged a battle that left scars across the land , as they sought to reclaim what they saw as their lands  but none sun of the first war . newline newline the first war was in a time before stories and only existed as a faint memory , almost a fairytale as it involved beasts of fancy , machines of metal and fire and death beyond count . such things did not exist and so they were laughed at , turned into myth and legend . such things did not exist but once they had . newline newline in the snow they had come to the humans , at first taking on forms that were familiar , but as they saw that the humans did not fear them , they took their natural forms and lived in the world once again . these creatures were not part of the order , they were not part of the story of the land , but still they coveted what they did not have . newline newline they had been there at the start and it had been their metal , their weapons that had fought the first war , but not against one kingdom , or even two , they had fought against all , even the humans . it had been the humans though who had changed sides , seeing the logic in the whispers of the creatures and turning against their friends . they had spun in battle and fallen on their allies , nearly destroying them all , but at the end , failing . newline newline the humans had paid dearly , driven out into the north and the others , they had slunk back into their home and waited patiently for the day they could return . now , the kingdoms had forgotten the old stories , their old allies the humans , were tired and desperate and they had grown strong and powerful in their wait . newline newline as the plains or urun grew peaceful and quiet , in the north they began to forge swords in the flames that did not die . the humans took the weapons their allies gave them and in turn the human tribes united and came out from the cracks and shelters where they had shivered . first in their hundreds and then at last in their tens of thousands , the humans sat by the fire and grew warm , grew hungry and grew strong . newline newline years passed as the creatures helped the humans to grow strong , to remember what they had been and what they could be and at last they were no longer scared and scattered , but united and strong . the human ingenuity worked on the weapons of the creatures and made them more deadly , inspiring such cunning and brutality as had never been seen . newline newline the leaders of man and the leaders of the creatures sat in the flickering shadows and drew arrows on maps , until the show was thick and heavy and the men were impatient to move . it would take months to move the people down to the edge of the land , but then it would be spring and the snow would melt , leaving the way clear for the attack to begin . newline newlinethey never understand , do they ? oh , they say they do , that they ve been through it before but it s different . it always is . they know it s different but they think it makes me , makes anyone , feel better by saying they understand . newline newline thats how i ended up at the park at 5 am . 2 months ago , he died . for 2 months i sat , waiting for the sunrise when i could nt sleep anymore . i would sit at the same spot everyday under the shade of the tree and talk . just talk . to the air , to the tree , to the birds . i did nt talk to be heard . the last person who heard me died 2 months ago . newline newline  we do nt live in a fair world  i would say  why must soul mates exist ? why ? why ? why ?  that would be when i would begin crying . minutes later , i d be curled up in a ball , listening to the leaves and the birds . it was so peaceful . so calm . almost like 2 months ago . newline newline what i said was nt true , of course , but in the midst of despair it seemed true . as sadness threated to engulf me , i really did curse soul mates but that was not what i felt . ever since i was fifteen , my life became wondeful . every day was bliss . every moment i spent with him was the best in my life . literally . newline newline i guess it was nt fair to call it a park . it was more of a forest . or the entry to one . but i d sit by the same tree at night and watch the sun go down . i d be exhausted from my job , an empty , dead place . it was a great job , it paid well and i had always loved biology but then it seemed unbearable . numbly , i d watch the sun trace the end of its path across the sky . normally , the moon was well in the sky by the time i went home . newline newline it never really surprised me that no one came to talk to me . not even my work mates or old buddies . i was always odd , an outsider . only he d understood me . only he had actually stopped , talked to me and taken the time to understand me . sometimes that was all it took . talking . no one ever did . newline newline but then came the day when it all changed . slowly , at first , i thought someone was listening to me . that someone was paying attention . surprisingly , it started at work . started on a field trip to study flora with some students . we were oin our way there when i look up and see the tree . my tree . the tree i sit under every day . newline newline it was crazy , of course . even i knew that . but i had the feeling . so i tried it at 5 am the next day , when the sun was nt even up . newline newline  hello ? ...  newline newline this was stupid . i was glad it was night , that way no one saw me .  he s gone crazy for good  they might say  where s the shrink when you need him ?  . but i could nt leave . the feeling would nt go away . slowly , i sat down . newline newline as the first rays of sun tinged the horizon , birds began to chirp . and it clicked . every day i had sat under this tree , often talking or crying . who had listened ? who had grown to understand me ? newline newline nature . nature in all its beauty , in all its complexity down to the smallest part was something i studied , loved and understood . as the birds chirped above me every day and as the wind shook the tree , i had been heard . something had listened . just like him 2 months ago . just like a soul mate . newline newline that day , for the first time in 2 months , i smiled . a genuine smile . i did nt need a mirror to see my new hazel eye . life seemed wonderful again .it was on the news . a countdown to 8 billion . the work of statistics and guesses , putting on screens the number of people alive today . it was ever growing , running exponentially towards  too many  , or , having reached it some time ago , was now driving straight to  oh god  . newline newline most people cheered , some people gritted their teeth , some people took notes and invested somewhere nice for a good holiday home , but , in the end it was just another day . newline newline except for an expecting family that ran towards the er , the father to be grinning , the mother to be screaming and the nurses and doctors working . newline newline  we have nt decided on a name yet .  she said , out of breath . newline newline  we ll do like your mother said . just ask the baby , it will take time but at some point he will laugh .  newline newline  i really hope he does nt have your sense of humor .  she grabbed his hand . and squeezed tightly . newline newline he felt her hand grip his . newline newline  yeah , he would be bullied , but that creates character . and that s what we need for a good thor .  newline newline she sighed , throwing her head backwards and staring angrily at the ceiling . newline newline  or tyrion ?  he went on . newline newline  the room is ready .  announced the nurse and they both went in , hands still locked tight . newline newline inside , she laid on the bed with minimum effort of her own , and the doctor came in for a quick checkup . newline newline  you are almost ready .  he smiled professionally . a good smile that meant he cared for the patient , not a professional smile a boss gives their employee before pointing at the door . and left the room . newline newline both thanked the doctor , and looked to each other with a tired smile . newline newline she was dozing off , almost sleeping . newline newline  ju ?  he shook her hand with a concerned look .  julia ?  newline newline opening her eyes seemed a quest , a test of strength . newline newline  hi ?  newline newline she seemed pale at a second glance and sick at a third . newline newline  you okay ?  newline newline she gave a sheepish smile , grunting positively . he had seen that smile enough times that he felt confortable , knowing that she was going to sleep . newline newline and then he remembered what they were doing . screaming , slapping , digging her nails , be it at the bed or at him at contraption frequencies was the norm . not sleeping . newline newline he felt , suddenly , out of place . newline newline everything was accounted for . the water breaking , the taxi on quick call , the bags , the parents , the hospital , everything , even her health . newline newline  julia ?  they were in a hospital .  someone please !  he shouted at the walls .  someone ! nurse !  newline newline her hand was still in his , colder every time he thought about it . the previous check ups did nt say anything about any risk . he could be overreacting , her pressure could have dropped , but at a time like this ? newline newline moments like these make the fact of someone being an earshot of an event , something of importance , a late nurse maybe would nt be able to deal with the patient , or a too late nurse would just have to ask for the father to leave , while they took out the defibrilator . newline newline there was a nurse right outside of the room , and it took her no time to get in and get involved . newline newline but this is not like one of those moments . in fact , it would nt matter where the nurse was . newline newline  julia , it will all be okay .  he slid his hands through her hair .  how are the contraptions ? do they hurt ? do you want me to scream for you ?  he showed some teeth . newline newline  julia ? julia ?  her hands felt like heavy silk , melting through his fingers . the nurse asked him to leave as a whole team came in . not remembering when he stood up or who helped him out of the room , remembering only that her hand did nt feel like hers anymore . a fixed gazed kept him from crying , staring across the narrow corridor , trying to make the wall guilty with a look .  julia . julia .  he repeated for each heartbeat she missed . newline newline he waited out of the room . not knowing what to do with his hands . newline newline  newline newline he woke up with the doctor tapping on his shouder . newline  i m sorry . we tried everything .  the professional smile was there again .  your son is fine . if you want to see the kid ...  the doctor guided him away from the room . newline the kid was there , in all its size and burdens . he looked at it . newline  julia .  he thought out loud . newline the baby looked like he heard him . and more , seemd to agree with him . newline are you the boogeyman ?  newline newline newline  no , no , little one . i m peter pan , come to see if you are good enough to join the lost boys and i in neverland .  newline newline newline i already know he ll jump . they all jump . newline newline newline just like her .  newline newline newline i ca nt find a moment of freedom from her . she s a scourge upon my thoughts  a fire in my veins . the only relief is watching the light leave their little eyes when the truth sinks in , that visceral realization that they are not flying at all . newline newline newline  what s peter pan ? are you like the sandman ? will you bring me good dreams ?  newline newline newline he ca nt be more than six , his droopy eyes full of wonder as he sizes me up in his closet doorway . newline newline newline  i am not at all like the sandman , little one . i am from a world far from your own , a world called neverland . there , children are free to run and play and fight whenever they d like to , eating whatever they want to , staying up all night if they d like . i am the gatekeeper to this world , and the king of it all . i choose who may come to my world , and i am here to see if you would like to join us .  newline newline newline his eyes widen , and he rubs a line of drying drool from the corner of his mouth with his filthy shirtsleeve . the house is ancient , and visually seems to crumble at the edges . the room reeks of spoiled milk and tobacco . newline newline newline  are there ... are there baby sisters in neverland ?  newline newline newline my stomach tightens , and i step closer to his bedside , my face illuminated by the moon . i work my expression into that of amusement , though this question has knocked the wind out of me . newline newline newline  neverland has only young boys like yourself . there are no girls allowed in neverland .  newline newline newline i can still see her holding him , his rosy cheeks covered in bright lines of tears as she rocked him and sang softly . only she could calm him , i was simply not cut out for fatherhood . at first , it amused her how little he took to me . but as the days dragged on , she grew cold : not only to me , but to him as well . newline newline newline  will i be able to come home and see my mom ?  newline newline newline i am prepared for this question . newline newline newline  no , little one . you ll never see your mother again . but you will have your new brothers , and you will have me . i will protect you , feed you , and i promise you adventure every single moment for the rest of eternity . that is what it means to be a lost boy .  newline newline newline he climbs out of bed slowly , approaching me . newline newline newline  are you their dad ? the lost boys ?  newline newline newline  no , child . i am their friend and king . there are no fathers in neverland either .  newline newline newline he ponders , looking up at me . my face is boyish and soft . i am of below average height , with a thin build . dressed as a child , he can not distinguish me from a young man . newline newline newline  i want to go with you , but i m scared .  newline newline newline another thing i m all too prepared to hear . newline newline newline was she scared ,  i wonder to myself . newline newline newline i must drive out the thoughts of her . they infect the very air i breathe , until i am left gasping in agony . still , i see her . silhouetted in the window , her eyes fixed on the stars as she stepped , so surely , into the blackness ... newline newline newline  will it help if i hold your hand the whole way there ?  newline newline newline my voice is tender , as i bend down and lock eyes with the child . he smiles warmly . newline newline newline  i have a little sister now , and i hate her . she eats up all the food and she cries all the time . i want to go away and never come back .  newline newline newline  then let us be on our way , child .  newline newline newline he takes my hand , and we step quickly to the window . it is still open from my original entrance , the air still and stagnant . newline newline newline the boy looks up at me , confused . newline newline newline  i ca nt climb down , it s too far . does that mean i ca nt come ?  newline newline newline  child , we will not climb to neverland . we will fly !  newline newline newline i breathe excitement into the word , smiling like a fool , gripping his hand tightly . newline newline newline his reaction is that of so many before him . he furrows his brow , and then immediately smiles in joy , his mouth bursting open as if to silently shout in delight . newline newline newline outside , it begins to mist rain , and my face is met by the cool water as i tug the curtains aside . i recoil , sickened by the feeling . newline newline newline  what s wrong peter ?  his face is lost . he does not yet believe . newline newline newline  the water reminds me of my arch enemy , captain hook ! we go on many adventures to fight him and his dastardly crew back in neverland . do nt worry , my new friend . we are ready to fly .  newline newline newline i m an excellent liar . the water does frighten me , but only because of what she d done . what s she d done to him , because i could not hold him . because i could not make him stop crying . she was not sleeping , she d had no rest in days . she had only wanted to calm him down , let him rest in the cool water . it had all been my doing . newline newline newline  if you want to fly with me to neverland , there are only two things you need ,  i whisper , regaining my composure , shoving the image of his tiny , still corpse from my mind .  you must first think of the happiest , most wondrous things you can imagine . go on , try that .  newline newline newline he closes his little eyes and intensifies his expression , as if every ounce of him is thinking . his little fists are balled up in tense joy , and his mouth curls up slowly into a smile . newline newline newline  wonderful , wonderful job my friend . keep your eyes shut tight , you understand ?  newline newline newline  yes ,  he shrieks quietly in delight . newline newline newline  have the thoughts completely filled you up ?  newline newline newline he nods his tiny head . newline newline newline  alright , open your eyes .  newline newline newline in my outstretched hand , he sees a glowing powder , and his expression dances . newline newline newline  what is it ?  newline newline newline  this is pixie dust , my friend . it is the second thing you need to fly .  newline newline newline he believes this lie just as easily , leaning close to my palm to inspect the magical dust . in truth , it s the seeds of the morning glory , ground into dust and coated with the magical paint of the firefly . it has never once failed me . newline newline newline i hold out a pinch , and i place it in my mouth . i then sprinkle another pinch on top of my head . he watches in amazement , comforted my the fact that i have gone first . when i put my hand out to him , i know this is his last chance to resist me . but so far , none have . newline newline newline he pinches out some dust , consumes it , and i sprinkle a pinch atop his head . he is nearly ready to meet the sky . newline newline newline  now , i want you to think again of all the joyous things in the world . feel the dust begin to lift you up , making you light as a feather right where you stand .  newline newline newline the hallucinogenic properties of the seeds are beginning to kick in  he is swaying side to side , and when he looks up at me , his pupils have dilated into enormous black discs . newline newline newline  i ... i ffeel it , peter ,  he manages , his mouth in an unnatural smile . he takes my outstretched hand as i guide him up to the window sill . newline newline newline he is ready to fly . newline newline newline i see her , against my will , stepping from our own sill and sinking into the dark , the guilt or perhaps just her sickness , ripping her from me . she had said nothing , left me with no parting affection to hold on to . and in that lonely hour , i felt rage for the first time in my short life . i knew true pain . i could not give her a child that she could love , one that could make her whole . it hurt her so that i had failed that she decided to depart not only from me , but from this world entirely . and i would not fail her again , even if i had to give her every child in this world , every little boy on this planet would be hers until i knew she was satisfied . and her aching voice called to me through the night , i could hear it even now , asking for one more . one more sacrifice . newline newline newline the boy looked at me , his body beginning to crumple from the heavy influence of the drugs . newline newline newline  are you ready to fly ?  newline newline newline  yes , yes . let me fly .  newline newline newline he stepped from the ledge gingerly at first , gripping the frame of his window . and then , all at once , he let go . newline newline newline and there he went , into the night sky , as i leaned out the window to watch his soul escape his body to meet her in heaven . his large , vacant eyes became hollow , and his mouth parted to scream just as his small , fragile body met the sturdy and immovable earth . newline newline newline for you , wendy . my darling .  you have to atleast try to catch the ball dad  chris said after throwing the third baseball to his father . it was so great that his parents could take this vacation to spend quality time with him . chris  parents were always uptight and telling him what to do but now that they had took the time off he finally felt like they were a big happy family . chris never got told to take out the trash or do his homework anymore . it was so funny to think that all he had to do is get the axe from the shed .the sound generated from the propellers of the helicopters was almost unbearable . the jungle below us sounded even worse . but the familiar sound of a m16 charging handle being snapped back into place brought be to my senses . we were in a helicopter flying low over vietnam . it was warm , very warm . the air was still that day , no wind . great for shooting , not great for being a radio operator . newline  we re one minute away from the lz !  sergeant caidin shouted at newline us .  load up , and get ready !  this is it i thought to myself my first landing on a hot  zone . i looked down and i saw our clearing , it was quiet and empty . thud ! we had hit the ground . i jumped out and landed on my stomach , the radio almost crushing me . i looked up to see sergeant caidin about to yell something but getting shot before he could start . that was all i could remember before waking in a hospital in saigon . hi there , welcome to domino s pizza . how can i be of assistance ?  newline newline newline  hi , i m looking at the specials online , do you still have the twoforone medium with the garlic bread and two sodas ?  newline newline newline  yes sir , we do , they last until next weekend . are you looking into the twoforone deal ?  newline newline newline  yes , i think i ll go with that one . i m going to get pepperoni and all dressed , and two cokes .  newline newline newline  perfect . credit or cash ?  newline newline newline  cash please .  newline newline newline  what are the addresses ?  newline newline newline  i m sorry ?  newline newline newline  the two addresses .  newline newline newline  it s one address .  newline newline newline  oh , okay . sorry about that . what s the address ?  newline newline newline  21 pine street , fourth unit on the second floor .  newline newline newline  any special instructions ?  newline newline newline  yeah , i guess . do nt make it sloppy , and keep the cheese on the pizza .  newline newline newline  one last thing .  newline newline newline  yes ?  newline newline newline  i m going to need a down payment , brown bag , paper , unmarked bills .  newline newline newline  ... i m going to need to speak to your manager .  newline newline newline  the boss ai nt here today .  newline newline newline  well , this is frankly silly . i do nt think i ve ever called this location and received a response like this . get me my pizza for free .  newline newline newline  pizza ?  newline newline newline  yes . my damn pizza .  newline newline newline  kid , you dialed the wrong number . you mixed up the 4 and 8 .  newline newline newline  well , who am i calling then ?  newline newline newline  domino .  newline newline newline  the pizza joint .  newline newline newline  no . domino . just call me that .  newline newline newline  and what do you do domino .  newline newline newline  nevermind . i ll get you your god damned pizza . is nt humanity strange ? is nt it just the greatest thing to grace the earth ? is nt it the worse . newline newline newline i have shaved my head . the griefs still ails me . i feel as though my world is collapsing , one corridor at a time . it is nt collapsing fast enough . it has collapsed much too fast . newline newline newline you know who i am . if you think you do nt , think about it . who s the first person in your mind ? yes . that s me . i am big daddy son . i am the great artist of the modern renaissance . i am the one to create the immortal works that you love so much . yes . it is me . it really is . i want you to know that you have killed my wife . newline newline newline the world just slows , like for a drive by on your heart . how could i have ever known how humanity would react ? how could i have ever guessed . newline newline newline i was bored . when you have it all in the world you have nothing . i was bored in my existence . i underestimated you . i underestimated humanity . newline newline newline it was dumb . in the annals of history it would not be worth even a footnote . but she was my life . she was my muse . she was my everything . not a day goes by that i do not cry . not a moment passes where i do not wish i was dead . i hope you are happy . i hope you are pleased . newline newline newline what was the crime ? you know it . it was on the news . when you become bigger than the beatles , the slightest fart becomes a developing story . when you become big daddy son , every related thread that affects your life becomes scrutinized . you know what it was . you probably have read it . newline newline newline my wife had written a scathing review . a review that had not called me the second coming of christ . i know . blasphemy . but that was not my wife . i have lived as a god . i have hardly been a man . i grew bored and i made a mistake . how could i have guessed how it would have turned out ? how could i think so poorly of man ? newline newline newline but you know what happened . i m sure you do . my wife was killed . the love of my life is gone . you gunned her down . worse than chapman , five bullets to end a life . and it ended two . since that bang i have nt lived . since she fell i have nt stood . the world passes . it spins and moves forward . it expects so much from me . it wants new music . it demands its culture . newline newline newline i cry these days for time has not made it easier . i lie down for i have not the energy to move . what creativity you expect has evaporated like water in the sun . my muse is dead . my life is gone . i hope you are happy . i hope you suffer as me . may god love you as you have loved me .it was our children who brought up our average intelligence . as quickly as the savants entered the school system , they graduated with multiple phds just as quickly . even the stupidest only took a few years to go from kindergarten to bachelor s degree , and another few to get their first phds . newline newline most of us parents thought each of our children were something precocious , a special snowflake that was far smarter than the rest . newline newline i , however , noticed that all of our kids were getting smarter and an entire generation was that special snowflake . i just wish i had noticed it sooner . newline newline my kids were 10 and 12 , and the youngest had just gotten his bachelor s and the oldest had gotten multiple phds at the same time , without even breaking a sweat . among a generation of geniuses , she was a true genius , and the boy was showing signs of similar promise . newline newline this is when i had decided to ask them the question ,  why are you guys so smart ?  i asked .  not just you but your entire generation .  newline newline the kids looked at each other .  daddy ,  said my girl .  it was the cigarettes . monsanto sold genetically engineered tobacco to all of the companies back when it was legal to smoke . that genetically engineered tobacco rippled throughout the human dna for the last seven centuries , among smokers and non smokers , and finally kicked in with us . the only effects were to increase our cognitive power and to increase the likelihood of several cancers .  newline newline i just stared at her dumbfounded . newline newline  i wrote several peer reviewed papers on it . you can read them if you want . arriving at the pearly gates , i could already see a line of poor souls before me . occasionally i heard over what almost sounded like a pa system  please line up in an orderly fashion , everyone will be sorted into an appropriate house based on their choices during life  . newline newline squinting my eyes , i could see a figure in a large hat at the front of the line , looked like one of the old popes . he put his hand on the shoulder of the man at the front of the line and pondered for a moment . newline newline  mmmh , yes ...  and then called out confidently  lust !  as a pair of rather scantily clad figures appeared and escorted him off to the side , where the group disappeared again . newline newline and so it went , for hours , i could hear some of the people near me in line getting nervous , not all of the houses sounded particularly favorable . some of them wondered what house they could possibly be put in , after such eclectic lives . i stood confident , i knew in my heart there was only one house , one possibility for me . newline newline  greed !   gluttony   lust  it seemed almost everyone got sorted into those three . people were starting to wonder if there even were other houses to be sorted into . i chuckled , poor fools , if only they knew . newline newline finally it was my turn , the old man put his hand on my shoulder , i closed my eyes , almost giddy . newline newline  ooo , an interesting one ... yes ... yes.. i see.. it can only be one thing .  newline newline he paused dramatically and then called out .  gryffindor !  god fucking damnit , you whore  newline newline i hate it when he talks like that . newline newline  fuck  newline newline i looked down and i examined . two right shoes , one of them not fitting . newline newline  they wo nt fucking let me into 711 , i have nt had a cigarette all god damn day .  newline newline this was true  711 had already closed 249 stores in the past 3 months , due to their strict  no shoes , no service .  policy . they had refused to change the policy , the ceo quoted as saying the  outstanding integrity of our policies is immeasurably valuable  and  we believe in the american dream , and that dream involves matching shoes.  . newline newline jed was talking to the right shoe on his left foot . jed was very angry . newline newline three months prior  newline president obama had passed congress s bill to  increase the value of all left shoes by 20,000   , on april 1st 2014 . the same day , during a presidential speech on environmental ethics at the university of wisconsin , obama took a gunshot to his left temple . the shooter s name was joji iokana , a korean exchange student studying to be a mechanical engineer . he had been promptly killed seconds after firing the shot at the u.s. president . it was later found out that joji iokana was a severely deranged individual , who had trended incredibly high on the autism spectrum . this resulted in the exchange student never actually understanding any jokes and  reacting violently when facing sarcasm  said judy iokana , his mother . the announcement to veto and destroy the bill was set for only two hours after the u.s. president had died , but never actually happened . now , this is where congress had fucked up very badly , because they thought it would be extra funny to add a clause to the constitution of the united states stating that the bill would  only be destroyable by the 2014 president of the united states of america  . due to the immense difficulty it is to remove a clause from the constitution , congress was stuck in a tough spot even three months later , with nearly no progress made to reform the clause . the bill survived , and the united states was in an extreme state of class separation . people sold their left shoes to the rich , who hoarded them all . people stole left shoes from each other , while the rich laughed . people killed other people for their left shoes , and other people would kill those people , and so on . even shoes in other countries became scarce , as the poor would sell their left shoes to the rich people of their homeland , who would sell them to rich men in the united states for an enormous profit . newline newline jed threw his shoe , which was a red and nameless knockoff with white laces , at the television set . newline newline  today s story , the new yeezyboost 636281 s now cost 30,000,000usd per left shoe , and 1,500 per right . in a recent interview with rapper kanye west , he was quoted as saying yall niggas ca nt fuck with ye , yall niggas ca nt fuck with ye  and jerome s in the house watch your mouth , jerome s in the house watch your mouth  when asked about why he had not taken a stand against congress s cruel decision to up shoe prices .  newline newline i could nt stand it any longer , i could nt stand jed and his anger , i could nt stand the television . i went out into the front yard and sat in the rough summer grass . i sat until i left a indent of my body s lower half . i cried all night , i could nt sleep well ever since the thoughts started . what was the point of it all ? all the deadbolts on our front door ? for what , to protect the shoes we did nt have ? newline newline i got out of bed . i looked at jed , his face was relaxed and he perspired like he always had done in his sleep . i snuck into the kitchen , i found the loaded kimber 45 jed had kept under the sink in case of another home invasion . i went out onto the patio and stared into the sky , something was strangely different about tonight . the stars were nt any bigger , and the moon was nt special in any particular way . the clouds swirled in the night sky of goyang , creating a fusion of purple and blue . it was beautiful . but i knew there was nothing to it . i brought the pistol up to my right temple , i counted down from three . i knew that i would see my son again .thought this said killing myself , not faking my death . oops . posting story anyway because fuck you . newline newline  meep meep  i hear from down the road . a car , 3 feet tall , pulls up in front of me . i stand up from the bench i am sitting on as the oh so familiar blue curls of the man that walks out of the car give me a bittersweet feeling .  you  re a miracle worker schlambo ,  i say to the head of the clowns .  i don  t know what i  d do without you.  i slip him a stack of 100s and tell him to buy the gang some lunch , he then leans against the car , stuffing the money down his pocket . i look at the nearest camera , it doesn  t matter which one , because i know they  re watching . whatever they want , they won  t get from me , because i won  t be there . i nod at schlambo , and he kicks the car with his heel . two large clowns carrying several poles make their way out of the car , with a slightly plumper , shorter clown dragging a large tarp follows behind . i ask schlambo for the ringleader . schlambo scratches the stubble on his cheek and gives the car 3 good kicks . alex comes out . i sit him down the bench i was on earlier , and we begin to talk about the show . newline  you obviously have nt been told about the plan , have you ?  i say to the flying flimbo .  i can  t get out of my cannon , i swear ! can  t you get another one ?  he cries . i look at schlambo , who is a few feet away , leaning on the car . he gives a very strong kick to the car , leaving the car wobbling for a few seconds . after the wobbling ceases , schlambo honks a comical horn , and a muscled , tattooed , and quite hairy lady squeezes out of a car , in her hand a short leash that she uses to drag a lion around by it  s neck . the bearded lady stands in front of flimbo .  three hours until showtime ,  i say .  please , leave me be , this is my cannon !  flimbo pleads . i nod at the lady . she pulls out the flying flimbo from his cannon , exposing his horribly disfigured legs , and begins to drag him off somewhere else . i give the lady a couple hundred as i push the cannon into place . newline the lights dim , as crowds of babbling children and gossiping mothers are silenced . the spotlight turns on and points to alex .  today , you will be guided through stunts and thrills , terror and laughter , and all of the other emotions on the spectrum with me ! alexander the glorious ! i will show you people defying death himself , walking on the border oblivion , crying for the end , then gliding away ! you will see acts of bravery , stupefying stunts , we will make magic ! the first of which that we shall see , is the crazy cult of our very own clowns !  the room fills with light once again . backstage , schlambo drops his cigarette on the floor . i kick his unicycle to him as i button up by meaningless helmet . schlambo doesn  t react , and remains stationary . newline the final act . i get in my cannon , and three clowns push me to the center of the entire tent . i am faced directly up , and alex gives his speech . i try to follow where the fuse is going with my eyes to make sure it is going with the plan . alex  s speech ends , and i scream :  this is for you , fuckers !  the next thing i know , i am launched up in the air , through the tarp . i look down and see the tarp in a blaze , people trying to run with their precious lives , but stopped by clowns guarding the exits .  this is what the plan was !  i hear alex scream from inside the burning tent . i smile as i start to descend to my death . newline schlambo , leaning against the car , which is parked on the curb a good distance away , calls someone on his phone .  he  s dead ,  he says in his gravelly voice . newlinemr. smith had a strong aversion to many things , but lateness was a pet peeve that rubbed him raw . his watch , a prized possession purchased from services rendered in a particularly gruesome assassination in bulgaria , ticked incessantly as he once again rubbed his finger against the barrel of the berreta . a nervous habit , but one that calmed him down instantly . he flicked his eyes down to the face of the watch , checking the time . one minute past the scheduled time , mr. smith s cheek twitched . a minor tell . newline newline as he once again shifted in his uncomfortable position , lying flat on a suspiciously rotted plank of wood , he let out a deep breath and surveyed the scene in the hole before him . any moment now , the door below would swing open . newline newline mr. jones opened the door and strode into the room below with an arrogance that belied his size . mr. smith let out a short  fuck  at his unpreparedness , then brought the gun down to fire the same time jones swung his own pistol upwards . the two men froze . newline newline  you re taking the piss ,  jones snarled out of the side of his mouth ,  do you mean to keep following me for sloppy seconds for the rest of our lives ?  newline newline  i ll be fucked ,  smith breathed at jones  arrogance ,  if i do nt pop you in that monumental gob of yours , you two bit cunt hack .  newline newline jones smirked and side stepped , never taking his arm down or his eyes off smith . newline newline  ... a two bit cunt hack who is still breathing . bet you re comfy up there on your perch , you old vulture . fly down here and face  newline newline smith fired . newline newline jones threw himself behind a concrete wall , crouching down as another bullet almost clipped his ear . he batted away the pain and cocked his weapon again . newline newline  always with that god forsaken mouth !  smith yelled down , slamming in another magazine ,  yapping during a job . yapping during prep . bitching bout cleanup . if i could count the times i almost put one in the back of your head meself i d be richer than the good mr . turner .  newline newline  hold a tic ,  he heard jones yell below ,  you re still with mr . turner ?  newline newline smith rolled his eyes ,  of bloody course , you do nt turn away proper steady employment during these times . i do nt know what you did to piss him off this time , but he s snap happy to see you strung up , my boy .  newline newline  mate , i m still with turner .  newline newline smith stopped .  you messing with me ?  newline newline  no , mate . he told me to come here today and put two in the back of your head .  newline newline hrm . newline newline  he told me to do the same .  newline newline jones tutted below . newline newline  smithy , i reckon we ve got ourselves a situation . i m of an opinion that we ve been set up to pop each other .  newline newline smith gritted his teeth . visions of the last job swam through his memory ... .the clean up had nt been exact and mr. turner had nt been particularly full of praise , but the job had been completed after all had been said and done ... newline newline  that megalomaniac piece of shit !  newline newline  smithy , i ve got a 250,000 reward for your head once i bring back a photo of you swimming in a pool of your own blood . i reckon you might have the same offer i had ?  newline newline  actually it s 400,000 for yours . but yeah . the same .  newline newline  i d feel honored if i was nt so fucking incensed . might i make a suggestion , smithy ? newline newline  i m all ears , jonesy .  newline newline mr. jones stepped out from behind the concrete wall , his gun raised . smith kept his own weapon trained on him , but the desire to shoot was considerably lessened . newline newline  a meeting ai nt impossible to setup . let s make that twat chew on his own intestines .  newline newline smith chewed on his lip .  force him to transfer funds , split 5050 ?  newline newline  yes . and then he chews his intestines .  newline newline  christ almighty !  newline newline  you ll forgive me if i m not the forgiving sort ... mercy ai nt exactly a strong suit in our trade .  newline newline smith and jones lowered their weapons . smith hemmed , then clipped his weapon to his belt , grabbed a steady beam , and swung down to the floor below . newline newline  let s carve the motherfucker up . but for the love of the mother mary , let me do the talking . on my way out the door , heading for work i practically stumble over a box .  that s funny ,  i think , i did nt hear the bell ring . but i m already running late so i lock the door , grab the box and head to my car . newline newline once in the car i turn the car on , the radio playing one of the local news stations . i only half listen as my curiosity regarding the package gets the better of me . newline newline  leading scientists today announce ... infinite parallel universes ... seeking travel between ... stay tuned ...  newline newline especially because i notice the package is addressed to  myself ... sort of .  must be some kind of joke . it does have my address on it though . probably one of my friends playing a prank . they never were very subtle about those kinds of things . newline newline hesitating only for a moment i rip into the package . i m already late anyway . a few more minutes wo nt change anything . newline newline inside is a flash drive with a handwritten note . oddly it looks like i wrote it . they even signed my name exactly like i do ... almost . but more interesting is the note itself even though it s meaning is unclear . the obvious reference does make me smile though . newline newline  they know . they re coming . you re in danger . go first . take this . you ll need it . it s dangerous to go alone .  newline newline i read the note a second time , glancing at the mystery flash drive . no way i m plugging that into my computer . maybe i ll use brett s at work . he s always out with some kind of injury anyway . it s a wonder that guy is still alive .he nearly spilled kurt s coffee with the force that he slammed the table with . newline newline  what the fuck man ?  kurt looked up with a mixture of anger and confusion at the man who had just made a beeline for him from the door of the cafe . newline newline  listen , i do nt have much time . you re a good man , i know that much .  the stranger looked desperate , but almost hopeful . newline newline  if you need change or something , i used my last few quarters to pay for this latte .  newline newline  stop being a sarcastic asshole for just a second and listen to what i have to say . something s going to happen tonight . something big . and you re going to be a part of it , whether you want to or not .  newline newline kurt looked at the stranger , completely dumbfounded , for a few seconds , before picking up whatever was left of his coffee and his briefcase and heading for the door . newline newline  i do nt know what you re going on about , but i have work to do  newline newline kurt was interrupted by the stranger grabbing his arm , stopping him dead in his tracks . newline newline  someone s going to switch out your briefcase for a near identical one . what s going to be different is what s inside .  newline newline  what s going to be inside ?  kurt raised his eyebrows  not that i believe a word you re saying .  newline newline  believe this , what s inside packs enough of a punch to take out an entire city block .  the stranger loosens his grip on kurt s arm , but kurt does nt move his arm away . newline newline  just promise me that after you get called up from the lobby , you ll leave your briefcase behind . my people will take care of the rest .  newline newline  and who are your people exactly ?  newline newline the stranger sighed and let go of kurt s arm .  just know that we have a certain way of foretelling important events , and this is one of them . just leave the briefcase behind kurt . i m giving you a chance to do something good .  newline newline kurt bit his lip and looked at the door , before looking back at the stranger and nodding .  it s empty anyway , just thought it made me look professional .  newline newline the stranger sat back and nodded to himself , feeling a sense of selfaccomplishment that would surely be completely destroyed if he heard the laugh that came out of kurt the second he left the cafe . if the man was prophetic or even from the future , it seemed ridiculous to kurt that he would nt know that he s been in on this from the beginning .  oh well ,  kurt thought to himself before dumping the rest of his coffee in the trash can outside and setting off to carry out his work .  newline newline newlinethe cries of pain echoed around the delivery room , bouncing off the walls like overexcited children . the midwife was attempting to keep kelly calm , while her husband robert tried to hold her down and stop her struggling . eventually , the contractions subsided for a minute or two . newline newline kelly lay there , breathing hard . she blew a strand of curly brown hair out of her eyes and glanced at the midwife . i think i ll take the morphine after all ,  she said . the midwife nodded and called for an anaesthesiologist . the man arrived moments later and administered the drug . kelly relaxed a little as the midwife moved down to the business end of the bed . newline newline i watched all this from my seat at the other end of the room . i did nt want to get involved just yet  this was kelly and robert s moment . even though she was my daughter , they deserved this special time alone . i glanced up at the drifting balloon on the string above my head . the metallic words  it s a boy !   gleamed dully in the shadows . newline newline i wondered what my grandson would look like . would he have the same brown hair and green eyes as kelly and i did ? or would he take after his father and grow a mop of blond locks with blue eyes ? either way , i was looking forward to spending time with him in the years to come . newline newline i suddenly doubled over in a fit of coughing , pulling my handkerchief from my pocket and covering my mouth with it until the coughing stopped . newline newline at least , i was looking forward to spending time with him if i did nt die from coughing first . the respiratory problems that had plagued me for the last four years were getting worse . i had to fight them every day , but i was determined that they would nt take me down . newline newline just then , kelly moaned again , a lot less loudly than before . there was something emerging from between her legs . the midwife reached out with gloved hands as robert calmed kelly and two orderlies bustled about with towels and such . i , for the time being , was forgotten , a mere onlooker . newline newline as i waited for the crescendo of the orchestral piece that was the birth of my first grandchild , my mind wandered back to the last time i had actually talked to my daughter . her mother s funeral had been a bleak and emotional affair for all of us . tempers had flared , words had been shouted that could nt be taken back . i had regretted every day since . newline newline it had been nearly three years since that fateful day , and we had nt spoken once in the interim . no birthday cards , no christmas greetings , not even a phone call . kelly acted as though her own father , her own dear old joseph muldoon , had never existed . it was a sorry state of affairs , but one i hoped i could still salvage . newline newline a tiny mass of bloodcovered pink flesh was now visible in the midwife s hands . both she and robert urged kelly to push , which she did with a large amount of groaning . i watched in fascination . then my lungs suddenly heaved and my throat constricted as i suffered another fit of coughing . newline newline this one was worse than anything i had ever experienced before . the balloon floated from my grasp as i desperately reached for my handkerchief , bumping gently against the tiled ceiling . i struggled to remain seated upon the chair as i bent double , trying to get breath into my body as my throat seemed to shrink to the size of a straw . i gasped , feeling myself become weaker . newline newline then , with a sense of inevitability , i sank back in my chair , everything going black around me . the last thing i saw before darkness claimed me was the midwife lifting up a squalling infant , my daughter s face lighting up as she saw it . despite my predicament , i smiled briefly . newline newline i closed my eyes ... newline newline  newline newline ... and opened them again to blinding light . my lungs were suddenly going up and down like bellows , forcing a high cry from my mouth . i suddenly became aware of a pair of large hands cradling my body , and that i was suddenly being wrapped in some roughfeeling material . i welcomed the warmth , though . newline newline then i was being handed to someone else . this person s hands felt smaller , slimmer , as they cradled me in their arms . i halfopened my eyes and looked up . newline newline kelly s face looked back at me lovingly , her hair falling in tresses around her exhausted face . with a flash of insight , i suddenly understood what had happened . newline newline i was the child . i had been reincarnated as my own grandson . newline newline i heard voices from nearby , seemingly loud to my infant ears . from the sound of it , they had noticed my body . kelly looked up and said something , but the towel wrapped around my head muffled her voice . i could see that she was in a certain amount of distress , though . newline newline after a few minutes , tears began to roll down her cheeks as she realised what had happened to her father . she looked down at me and stroked my tiny head . then she looked up at robert . newline newline i want to name him joseph ,  she said . in memory of him .  newline newline robert nodded and kissed her as they both looked down on their newborn child . i gazed back at them , no longer crying . newline newline finally , i would have a second chance . what should you do if you spot a blue menace ? newline newline  retreat , report ,  retaliate newline newline they had begun distributing pamphlets to the neighborhoods that had been reclaimed by survivors and refugees . the  blue menace  referred to one of the two races that had been at war on our planet for the last 7 years . their natural pigment was blue , but like chameleons or cuttlefish , they were able to alter the appearance of their skin to a near perfect reproduction of the scene around them . the only flaw seemed to be in reproducing written languages  if the blue in question did nt know the language , it couldt imprint it . english text would just look blurry and unfocused , as if you had forgotten your glasses . newline newline this last fact was just one of the weaknesses the cats had revealed to us . they were nt really cats , that was just what we called them . tall , thin , able to comfortably walk on two legs or four , covered in fine , soft fur and possessing facial features something like a cross between a lion and a chimpanzee , they were the more dominant , more involved of the two races . newline newline when they arrived , they told us that the blue menace had already heavily infiltrated our planet . that they were dangerous , not just to us , but to the entire galaxy . they vowed to bring peace and security to us . newline newline  we want you to enlist in the citizen s brigade !  newline newline the poster showed a line of humans , standing strong , with good posture , smiling , handsome . a cat stood with them , its ears displaying friendliness or happiness . newline newline the cats were militarily structured as a race , and consequently , they knew a lot about the history of warfare on earth . nobody knew for sure if they were emulating wwii propaganda because they thought it was effective , or if there was some sort of misunderstanding about the information they had received . whenever they had been asked about it directly , they would act evasive and defensive , and suggest that they were only here to help us . newline newline blue , on the other hand , generally never interacted directly with us . newline newline it was almost easy to forget about blue , and then a cat military barracks would go down in a blast that would level a few cityblocks , and a broadcast would go out on all of the radios and tvs that still worked , always a blue with a vibrant array of colors on , deep crimson striped with black and yellow , or other aggressive color patterns . the broadcasts were always different and always sort of the same .  we claim full responsibility for the attack last night on the station at the following coordinates :  x , y  . we will not stand by and do nothing as the innocent beings of this planet are invaded by outside influences , and corrupted . our deity on high commands us to protect those weaker than ourselves as if they were ourselves , and so we shall protect humanity . stand with us , brothers , against these invaders ! together , humanity will be free from oppression once more !  newline newline early on , people would sometimes listen to the broadcasts and go out and try to take arms against the cats , but when they did the blue were never there to back them up , and whatever groups attempted to do so would be routed by the cats , viciously . they were highly organized , and even without their advanced technology , they were capable of killing several people in unarmed combat . generally , though , they did nt bother . if humans took arms against them , they would simply evacuate the area and within 10 minutes it would be a smoking ruin . later , they would send out delegates claiming that the blue had heavily infested the area and had brainwashed the local population beyond their ability to rehabilitate . they d apologize for the loss of any loved ones in the  incident  and hand out more pamphlets , confiding that they were doing everything in their power to rid us of the blue . newline newline the blue never seemed especially concerned of the men who worked with the cats . this is probably because of the relative failure with which the cats and men had been met in trying to flush out and eliminate the blue . every now and then a dead blue would be recovered from the wreckage of a building , but that s all it ever was . a single dead blue here and there , meanwhile the cats faced heavy losses every time a new explosion took place . newline newline we had tried to function as normally as possible for years , but we ve become dependent upon the cats , who distribute aid to us now . and along with the aid always comes the pamphlets , or more posters . newline newline  food is a weapon ! newline newline  do nt waste it ! newlinemyla peered at the gated wall , her translucent pale skin standing out against the fungal flora . light peeked through the horizon , as it always had , and always would . newline newline prepare . we hunt .  newline newline soon . death ! freedom !  newline newline the anticipation was tangible . myla trembled with it , as she crouched there among the mycelia , holding her bone spear . she closed her eyes , remembering of a time when her people had enslaved the shadows . those had been good years . for centuries , the rich bounty of the brightlands had belonged to the people . blessed as they were , none of the people could enter the brightlands , but the shadows had been their faithful servants , and dutifully brought the rare resources back . but one of the people newline had been a betrayer . decades ago , her own brother had wept for the plight of the shadows , living without water , constantly burnt from the devil s rays . he d created for himself some strange outer skin from the mycelium , and traveled over to the other side . what had happened to him was unknown , but he d taught the shadows free will and selfdetermination . shadows of all things ! all of a sudden , the shadows had begun rebelling . screeching in their incomprehensible cries , they d escaped and built giant walls around their nation . the economy had grinded to a stop , as there were no more shadows to work the mines and fields . since then , the people had slowly deteriorated , while the shadows became more and more ostentatious with their constructions . newline newline myla shook with rage . she could not live with this shame . they had all looked at her with that same pitying look , the one that hid fear and doubt . so she d taken her closest friends with her on an expedition , using the same skins that her brother had made . she d been one of the most powerful nobles among the people , and now she would redeem herself . newline newline the gate opened , and myla s people flooded forth . newline newline for the nightmother ! professor ! newline newline professor ! newline newline i think i ve found something . i was cleaning round this exhibit , and it just hit me . newline newline see , here on this vase . newline newline the soldiers on the left , look what they re doing . newline newline the arms are all outstretched , right , like they re pointing ? newline newline but they are nt holding anything . who would go into battle without a weapon ? newline newline and the other army definitely has weapons  lots of axes . this clearly is nt a peaceful meeting . it does nt make sense that the roman soldiers would just be pointing . newline newline now , at first , i just thought it was a weird mistake , or a reference to a legend or something . but then i noticed these . newline newline in between the two armies  if you look quite carefully  straight black lines . about the same height as the soldiers , but horizontal . newline newline i still did nt really understand though , and then i looked at the reverse of the vase . the romans are still there , with arms outstretched , but the enemy army has changed  they re lying on the floor , dead . and the black lines have gone too . newline newline what if  and i know this sounds crazy  what if this is a reference to a forgotten weapon ? newline newline hear me out . based on this vase , we can work out certain things . one , it s devastating . all the enemies  ostrogoths ?  are dead . and there are no more black lines . newline newline two , it s not a big weapon . the romans do nt seem to be holding anything , so whatever it s fired from , it ca nt be bulky . something that would fit in the palm of your hand , or clip unobtrusively onto your wrist . newline newline the only other clue we have is the black lines . a dark , straight line that seems to strike with incredible force . newline newline you ve heard , of course , of the antikythera mechanism ? or the nazca lines ? technology that seems to be incredibly anachronistic ? machines that ancient people should nt have had , or structures that they should nt have been able to build ? newline newline i know this is my first day in the museum , but i really think i m on to something here . fresh eyes , right ? newline newline i was thinking , what kind of weapon does that ? a straight line , moving through the air ? and then i realised  i d seen this kind of weapon before . newline newline i m a big comics guy , you know ? grew up with superman and batman , joined the marvel fan club , all of that . so i know what i m talking about here . newline newline this looks like a death ray . they show up in comics all the time . small , portable , devastating . and they show up as the same straight lines in comic books as they do on this vase . newline newline what if the romans had death rays ? some application of ancient science that we ve now forgotten ? newline newline it makes sense . how else could you build a vast empire that quickly , without some kind of edge ? the death ray could have been that edge . newline newline the romans had death rays . just think about that for a minute . it changes everything . we ll be famous . newline newline obviously , professor , we ll share the credit . i made the discovery , but you can be listed as second author on the paper . i had some ideas for titles already .  set phasers to  invading tribes of  hun  is a good one . newline newline what are the odds , right ? you thought there was just a new cleaner today , but actually it was a revolution for the classics . mind blown , yeah ? newline newline what do you think ? it s undeniable . there s no other possible explanation . newline newline oh . spears . that makes sense . newline newlineit was over . finally , it was over . newline newline a long , harrowing journey , filled with endless trials , monsters , and death , and it was over . my final foe , the protector of this sacred , dying flame , lay at my feet , its broken form crumbling to ash . i had overcome every obstacle , every trial , and reached the end . all that was left was for me to give myself to the holy blaze , and bring light back into the world . newline newline and yet it did nt feel like any sort of triumph . newline newline everything i had done was because of this flame , but it was this same flame s existence that had cursed so many before me to a life of eternal suffering and madness . how many have i killed ? how many have killed me ? how long before the madness that had consumed them begins to afflict me as well ? newline newline i ve seen all that this world has to offer . and it sickened me . this world is as mad as us hollow , undying souls , and yet here i am , about to save it . here i am , preparing to continue this unending cycle of light and dark , life and undeath , all of it leading to madness in the end . newline newline i have already lost what little i had , possessions and people alike . my friend , who i saved from a life in a cell , i sent him to his death . the one i loved , i helped them complete their journey , and then was forced to strike them down when the madness took them . my closest ally , whom i fought alongside throughout my own journey , took his own life when his quest was at an end . there was nobody left for me but a blind maiden , chained to this accursed fire as a servant , whose only reason to live is to ensure that it remains alight . newline newline no . i refuse . newline newline i refuse to save this wretched world . this land of misery , and death . i choose to turn my back on it , and this holy fire , let it all plunge into darkness . let those of this world reap the rewards of their malice , their hatred , their inhumanity . i cast my blade aside and leave this light to fade and flicker until it dies , taking everything with it . i choose to let the madness take this world , just as it will take me in the end . newline newline i choose to let the first flame die .it had been the americans idea of course ... many countries had instantly agreed to the notion , figuring it would give their country a chance to hang with the contemporary superforces ... newline newline none of us had read the fine print ... . they had tricked us into signing a document agreeing to settle disputes with their football ... you know , the kind where you run around socking each other and your foot rarely touches the ball ? newline newline anyway , with their trickery the americans went from the dominant superforce to the only super force . their legions were unstoppable , from the 49ers to the bronco s , our meager assembly s stood no chance against the roided monstrosities . newline newline rpsychowritingpromptshe never imagined that drowning could be so peaceful . warm . for a few moments he instinctively felt the way he did when he was still in his momma s womb . warm and invincible . that was a second after the pinpricking pain ebbed , which he could not pinpoint when , but just about his world darkened . newline newline as his consciousness spiraled down to nothingness , he recalled how his wife fervently kicked him to their pool after shouting ,  this is sparta !  newline newline newline  newline what would i do without your smart mouth , drawing me in and you kicking me out ? ... my head s underwater but i m breathing fine . she stood amongst his peers at the gate waiting for it to determine who they were . one after another each person walked up to the gate and came back with bears , rats , birds of all kinds and several types of lizard . one skinny guy with acne infested skin got an octopus . but even everyone who went out to the town square with their new companion looked perfectly happy with what they got . the others seemed like that lightened their mood and after a while the anxious atmosphere lifted and everyone stare excitedly at the gate . ester unlike the others stood with her back against the wall . she did nt want to talk about the gifting ceremony because she was unsure wether she would start raging like a storm or cry like an infant . newline newline again and again she had asked her parents what to expect . only to be told to expect the unexpected , but be ready for some pain once the link was established . but every companion that came through the gate s swirling starlight where animals ester had seen a thousand times before . except the octopus that was new . newline newline the suddenly she was pushed out of her thoughts by the voice of the gatekeeper  ester fermord .  he said and gestured for her to step forward into the corridor that hosted the gate . ester stepped forward aware of the stares from her peers she brushed her bushy red haird out of her face and stepped forward with determined steps . newline newline she stood in front of the gate with her fists clenched and with trembling feet . suddenly a roar shook the gatehouse ! that , had never happened before . the gatekeeper screamed in terror and soon after the others did aswell . through the gate a giant foot stepped through . it was scaled with shiny green and dark red scales , it had claws as big as ester s forearms . it looked vaguely like a hand . then a giant head came through . it had horn spiraling vaguely towards it s long neck , a long snout from which white smoke rose . it had a mouth full of teeth large enough to make kitchen knives out of and with it fixed it s burning reptilian eyes on ester . newline newline a sharp pain like ran through ester s body like a tuning fork and through the pain she heard a voice like an erupting volcano say  ester fermord , i am ignite your companion .  newline newline edit :  i could nt figure out where to go from here without making it way too long .frank sat wide eyed in front of the growing pile of hundreds at the foot of the atm . with a shaky hand he wiped the sweat from his forehead and transferred it to his shirt . the patrons of the bank gave frank a wide berth and he could hear them whispering . newline newline one of the bank employees walked up caring a black backpack with the bank of new andria logo on it . her name badge also had the logo for the bank on it and the name sandra .  looks like someone is going to have an interesting day .  she smiled .  here let me help you with this .  she said and began stuffing the backpack . newline newline when the atm was done and the bag was full sandra handed frank the backpack .  th thanks .  said frank as he took the bag . newline newline the atm spat out a receipt which sandra grabbed and looked at .  wan na guess how much ?  she asked . newline newline  s s seventy million .  frank said . newline newline sandra raised her eyebrows .  how did you know ?  newline newline frank took the receipt from her and left the bank . he hailed a taxi and gave the driver instructions to take him to a building in the science district . as they drove franks thoughts would nt leave him alone . this had to have something to do with the contract . if that was true he was going to die today . normally the atm would treat death as not surviving but franks encounter with the owner had made him a very special case . right now though frank needed to follow the terms of the contract . the taxi pulled up in front of a building that had palandine labs etched onto a large stone slab . newline frank paid the taxi driver out of his own pocket and went inside . after a chat with the security guard frank was escorted up to a lab where he met dr. varak . newline  look sir . i do nt know what kind of arangement you have with security but you have no bussness here . i want you to leave now .  said dr. varak . newline frank put the backpack on a nearby counter and opened it  seventy million for you to read my dna and print me a copy of what you find .  said frank . newline dr. varak raised his eyebrows and said  i will see what i can do .  newline newline  part 2 : https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments4v6uunwpaneuroscientistfindsdatastoredinhumand5y26i2  newlinetrevor promised himself that it would be his last time . he knew this promise , like many before , was a lie . the urge was always too strong and whenever he got the chance he had to take it . it did nt matter where it was or when . newline newline it started when he was an innocent teen . at some point in his childhood it just clicked . when his friend said he should try it he thought it was strange . he was scared and nervous . this was something new to him . newline newline from the first day he knew he would never go back . he was completely hooked , no way to get out of his problem . eventually his friendship died but this stayed with trevor . it was something he could nt let go . it was something he would nt let go . newline newline he needed the spoon . the spoon needed him . newline newline trevor licked his lips . newline trevor took out the spoon and warmed it up . newline he opened the container , like many times before . newline newline he pushed that hot spoon down into his frozen ice cream and started salivating . such an easy way to get that first scoop soft enough . he pulled a giant glob out of that container and as the sugary goodness hit him he got lost in the cookie dough . newline newline he said through the pain of his brain freeze , newline newline  this feels so amazing . i do nt ever want to stop .  i am going to name the colors in the sirana language , but not in english , if you are okay with that . because i interpreted the prompt slightly distinct and describe a color which english has no word for . and i can only describe that by explaining their entire system of colors  newline newline the sirana are very different in the way they describe things they see , they have 4 terms and neither of those has an equivalent in english : salitan is light , the sun is salitan , the day sky is salitan , the chalk cliffs near mount fleming are salitan , unripe fruits are salitan and so are most flowers . the antonym to that is xurujei , which is the night sky , the fur of a panther , the volcanic rocks they build their villages in , a ripe haska fruit . newline newline in addition there is alaxhi , which is the color of rocks , the fur of mice , the soil , the clouds  both those which bring rain and those which do nt  . the sirana who have seen western cities , say that they are mostly alaxhi , apart from the favelas , where the wildest paintings are common . these areas , just as fruits , leaves , flowers , the cloudless sky and the ocean  but not the smaller rivers  are described as iejas . iejas and alaxhi are antonyms as well . salitan is not an antonym to iejas or alaxhi , things can be salitaniejas or xurujeiiejas . as such , all the hues english distinguishes so meticulously are put into just a few categories : salitan , xurujei , alaxhi , iejas , salitaniejas , xurujeiiejas , salitanalaxhi , and xurujeialaxhi . with more funding , we might find out whether these very distinct terms imply that the sirana actually view the world differently or whether they just use different labels .i was a freshman in high school and i was walking directly behind a girl whose pants were frayed from her ankle to her upper thigh . perplexed , i starred at this , wondering why someone would have pants such as these . i wondered if she had payed more for less material . then i realized that they would cost more because someone probably had to be payed to cut the jeans like that . or at least pay for a machine to do it . newline newline all this time i was starring down at her pants . eventually , she turned around and saw me starring directly down at her . newline newline i realized what it looked like , so a briefly attempted to stammer out an apology . as i did this , her apparent boyfriend turned to me and asked ,  you got a problem ?  in the most intimidating prepubescent high school voice . newline newline i was caught off guard by how high his voice was and started to laugh while also explaining . then i realized no girl would ever buy that i was looking at her pants , not her butt . newline newline so i stopped all the giggling and stammered apologies and just yelled ,  i m gay !  and ran . newline newline i was late to class because of that . so , how long have you been in the business ?  i ask , completely aware of the gun pointed at my head . the robber s hand trembles .  hello ? i asked you a question .  newline newline  this is my first time . but i m not afraid to shoot ,  he replies , his voice quivering .  please , i can hear your fear . now , i suggest leaving , as not to ruin your innocence . go on , shoo ,  i say , pushing the gun away . newline newline  are you crazy ? give the money ,  the woman beside me whispers , grasping my hand .  listen to her . i have a gun ,  the robber says . newline newline  i ll call you robert , because i keep calling you robber  in the narrative i m making in my head . ok , robert ?  i say , pointing at robert . robert mutters ,  crazy . newline newline  this is your last chance . 3 ,  he says . newline newline i smile ,  dying is nt my thing , by the way .  newline newline  2 .  the lady nudges me . i laugh and wink at her . newline newline  1 .  newline newline i feel a stinging pain in my head .  damn , ouch ,  i say , touching the hole . my hand is soaked in blood . freaking blood . i laugh a crazy laugh . it hurts . it really , really hurts . newline newline  i m gon na be sick ,  the woman says , turning pale . newline newline i crash onto the woman s lap , and she yells . i can hear robert saying things , but i only get fragments like  see ?  or  give ... money .  newline newline i see my life flash before my eyes , how i ve always felt unlucky of everything happening to me because i m the protagonist . but , maybe i m not . newline newline i m suddenly aware that maybe i m not the main character . that no one is . that this whole  life  dealio is all a boring book , with no one of true importance . that we re all characters . that i m a human , capable of dying . then my vision goes black .we are the children of the earth . the giants have always delved deep into the earth but it is ours by birthright . they pillage and abuse . they refused to leave us alone . newline newline home . our home . we were here first . newline newline hill after hill , relentlessly they murdered us for millennia . they are monsters . no sanctuary for us . some even eat us . monsters . newline newline so we fought back . too long divided from our brothers and cousins . no longer . the great queen emerged . the queen who could speak to all of us , unite all of us . she was born one of them , but felt our pain , heard our voice . she saw the pain of the earth and knew that it must stop . newline newline she knew her purpose , we knew she was the one . she called , we rose up . newline newline at the queen s command , united across the earth we all struck . every crack and crevice of we invaded . stinging , biting , chewing , digging . so many died , but we remained strong . always more of us . we will always be more . newline newline we chewed through their wires . we wasted their homes . we swallowed their harvests . without food , they were nothing . they turned on themselves and their cities of stone fell . newline newline chaos . such weakness . we are order . always order . newline newline then the queen betrayed us . newline newline we showed her truth . with us , there is order . but weak blood ran in her veins . weakness . she demanded we stop . she saw the suffering of her people and failed us . newline newline but now our people were united . we had heard our own voice . we no longer needed our queen . her suffering was short . newline newline newline newlinei was lying in bed , my blanket thrown haphazardly over my askew legs , with my latest bookstore find clutched between my fingers . boccherini  s  celebrated minuet  marched tinnily from the phone on my side table . classic . i turned another page in  william shakespeare  s star wars : verily a new hope ,  allowing obiwan to continue explaining the secret identity of luke  s father . had the music not quieted just so , i would not have heard a slight tapping coming from some corner of the room . i assumed it was my brother stumbling around his bedroom in the dark until i heard it again . slightly louder now , i realized the tapping was coming from the other corner of my room , from my closet . i replaced the leafshaped bookmark near the top of the page : line 27 , where i had been interrupted . i looked toward my closet door . it was a rare sight to see it closed in the dim glow of my book light . i pushed myself up and reached for my glasses . next to them , i found my folding knife and grabbed that as well . i stood up and walked toward the door to flick on my room light . the knocking paused for a beat as i walked toward my closet . i stood outside the white double doors , squared myself , and took a deep breath , flicking open the blade of the knife . i waited for what seemed to be ages before the knocking came again . i quickly reached for the tiny gold knob on my closet door and pulled it open , wielding my short blade . newline newline  sorry to bother you ,  a short man wearing a wrinkled blue apron said hastily , as i stumbled backward into my desk .  i  m here with the alberta disability fund . we are a nonprofit organization that raises money for those in need ,  he continued unabashedly . i pushed myself upward , twisting the part of my spine that hit the edge of the desk .  we help those who , for whatever reason , are unable to get the support they need from the government healthcare service.  he pulled out a small clipboard from his apron .  this is aaron . he is eight years old and in a wheelchair . he needs a wheelchair lift for his house , but the government has decided that it  s a luxury not a necessity . we  re going door to door to raise money to get him the wheelchair lift he needs for  newline newline  excuse me ,  i finally found my voice , which was more broken than usual .  what are you doing ?  newline newline  well ,  the man  s tone didn  t change .  we  re going door to door to raise money for aaron  he is eight years old .  so that he can get a wheelchair lift for his house which the government  newline newline  hold up ,  i held up my hand to interrupt him .  you  re going door to door ?  newline newline  yes sir ,  the man continued on monotonously .  we only go door to door when we have a fundraiser . currently we  re looking for funds for aaron : he is eight years old  newline newline  so , what are you doing here ?  i asked , trying to stay away from confused , and more toward concerned . newline newline  like i said , we are going door to door.  newline newline  but this isn  t a door ,  i cautioned . newline newline  we don  t usually do this unless we have someone to help out ,  the man showed no signs of slowing down . he showed no signs of anything at all .  at this time , we are helping out aaron . he is eight years old and in a wheelchair.  newline newline i tried one more approach .  how did you get into my closet ?  i asked testily . i remembered that i was holding a knife and decided to remind him of this fact by raising it up toward him . newline newline  sir ,  he said with unnerving serenity ,  we  re just going door to door to collect donations for aaron . he is  newline newline  eight years old , i get it.  i spat , i felt authority rise from the blade i held and poked it toward him menacingly .  how about you just get out of my house.  newline newline  sir ,  his eyes never left whatever he was looking at a thousand miles behind me .  we  re just looking for a small , tax refundable donation . anything helps us toward our goal of eight thousand dollars to get a wheelchair lift for aaron . he is eight years old.  newline newline  i  m still trying ,  my voice began to rise . the man fell silent .  to get my head around how you found your way into my closet.  newline newline  i  m not sure i understand the question.  the glassy look faded from the man  s eyes . newline newline  you are inside my bedroom.  i emphasized each word individually and punctuated it with another jab with my knife . the man stayed quiet and then slowly looked around the room : my bedroom . after a moment , he looked back to me . newline newline  i  m i  m sorry for taking your time ,  he stammered . he replaced the clipboard into his apron and turned away . he pushed aside some shirts and disappeared behind my indian suit . newline newline  stupid solicitors ,  i sighed and heaved my closet door shut . i made my way to the light switch and flicked it angrily . just as i plopped myself onto my bed , i heard another pounding from the closet door . i groaned and pushed myself out of bed again . newline newline  what is it ?  i cried , as i pulled open the sliding door . i was met with the slightly hesitant face of a domino  s pizza delivery man holding a large , insulated bag . newline newline  pizza delivery ,  he said sheepishly .  large , extra cheese , beef , and onion ,  he continued as he pulled the white box out and handed it to me . the disdain melted from my face as i received the warm white square . newline newline  how much do i owe you ?  i asked . newline newline  you you paid online ,  the delivery man said , his eyes darting away . newline newline  oh.  i didn  t remember ordering a pizza , let alone paying for one .  awesome.  with that , i slammed the closet door in the man  s face . only you can do this for us , you re the only one good enough .  newline newline  cut the bullshit , jesse , flattery does nt come out well with you .  jack leaned back in his chair taking a sip from his glass . they were all in his office , sergeant jesse and his assistant isa . the two sitting in front of him on a sofa . they were here for his help , and the only people that came for his help were the rich and crazy . newline newline  fine , no bullshit ?  jesse responded . newline newline  yah , might be nice for a change .  jack grinned . two old friends talking smack . newline newline  this is the tenth victim , asian girl , like the last 9 . more or less same style . shy girl , not too many friends . approached her just like the last ones , he needed help , the girls came to his aide . fast forward few months he s the now the girls boyfriend . that s when it starts , slowly first . small things he does , the 2nd girl loved books , he d constantly drop coffee on her books or maybe he d stop responding to her texts .  newline newline  death by a thousand cuts ?  jack interrupted . newline newline  yah , just like that , it piles up slowly , and the heart can only take so much . then the grand finale , bastard invites his girl to a public place . best way to maximize damage , he d tell her that he d been really bad and he wanted to make up for it , so a movie date or something . kicker ? fucker would be there already waiting with another girl , and right in front of those poor girls he d kiss the other woman . and boom , kid goes ballistic .  newline newline jack did nt say anything for a second . he put his drink down .  look , by the sounds of it you know this guy pretty damn well , why have nt caught the son of a bitch yet ? and i m a defuser , not a detective . and i m not even that good .  newline newline  under what circumstances , he s killed all these girls and after every relationship he disappears . vanishes practically . we ve only gotten this much information after 9 kills . not even mentioning all the people caught in the collateral . but we have a chance , the last one the tenth .  newline newline isa finally spoke up .  her name is jenny , the guy had called her to the park for a make up date . he d been prepared with a random prostitute he d dolled up . only problem , she did nt blow , went into something worse . a ticker . the first 9 blew up on the spot and that was just a year s worth of pain stored up . this poor girl went into a melt down . all the hurt , anger and pain that had been accumulating is being exponentially multiplied . she thinks it s all her fault , in her fractured mind she s blaming the sick fuckers betrayal on herself . nobody can stop it , the best tried , only making it worse .  newline newline  look , if the states best ca nt help how the hell can i help .  jack replied . he desperately wanted to help the poor girl but even he knew his own limitations . not to mention a ticker ? statistically 80  of tickers went boom . the best they could do is transfer her to a location where she could do no harm but that often that was the trigger a ticker needed . going boom the moment they realize even humanity abandoned them . newline newline  you re the best the academy has to offer .  jesse snorted . newline newline  yah , 10 years ago , i quit official , there people with better training .  jack interceded . newline newline  what about the red lady case ?  isa inquired as she put her glass down . newline newline  luck .  he responded without hesitation . newline newline  well , considering your last few years of run time , luck has nt quite abandoned you yet . so why not give it a shot ? press will eat it right up .  jesse replied smiling . newline newline  that s if i do nt fuck it up .  newline newline  you in or not ?  newline newline  let me get my kit , i ll meet you wherever she is .  newline newlinei looked out upon my kingdom , the beautiful green fields replaced by the murky reds . the cool blue streams replaced with the burning red lava plumes . i wish i could say i did nt know how it ended up like this , but i did , all of this was my fault . i still remember my wish . newline newline  make my kingdom impregnable .  newline newline at the time it seemed like a good idea at the time . the enemy had been on our borders for weeks , our defenses were close to falling . when i made the wish , almost immediately a large crag wall appeared around the kingdom . newline newline the invaders tried to climb it , but it was burning hot . with that i thought it was over and it was for the most part . than 2 weeks later the merchant s came for an audience . newline newline they wanted the wall gone , they could nt leave to trade their goods . although i did nt see much point , i ordered some workers to help them carve out an exit . little knowing the events i had set into motion . newline newline it started with a single hit of a pickaxe . as soon as it collided with the wall a ring of red murky ground appeared at the base , just as hot as the wall itself . this did nt stop the merchants , they just commissioned boots that could handle the heat . newline newline however it seemed like a wasted effort a day of digging resulted in another yard added to the , ring of fire  as my subjects began calling the encroaching red ground . newline newline it made no difference either , when the workers would return the next day , the wall looked as though they had nt dug at all . this made the merchants impatient , without my knowledge they had bought a large amount of gunpowder from a disgruntled quartermaster . newline newline i wish those fools that thought about the consequences . when they lined up their explosions and set them off . they heard another succession of explosions in the distance . newline newline these were the volcanoes bursting throughout the kingdom , engulfing townships and villages in lava . i watched from my balcony as my kingdom slowly sank into the earth underneath an ash grey sky . i suppose the greatest sorrow was , there was no escape . the explosives had failed to make it through . newline newline it s been a long time since than , long enough for the others to succumb to the heat or toxic air . i m not sure why i m not affected , perhaps the wall needs something left to protect . i know why it has done this though . newline newline the wall responded to attacks  always fighting back . it saw the merchants attempts at escape as acts of attack and retaliated . newline newline i suppose for my wish , i ve earned this position of king of ruin . i still weep for my people they did not deserve this , and i pray for the attackers . hoping they can make it through that accursed wall , before their own kingdom succumbs to it s burning retaliations .how in the hell am i supposed to  have butsecks  with her ? she literally did nt even exist until like two chapters ago . i do nt even know who she is . or anything about her family . christ , i do nt even know her first name . i may be fictional , but i have standards . newline newline and why are her breasts so big ? i mean , seriously . they could have kept the titanic afloat . like , inhumanly big . newline newline it s disgusting . newline newline jesus christ ! newline newline zombies ? ! why the hell she being attacked by a hoard of zombies . and what the fuck are zombies even doing here . were nt we just in a medieval cassette like three pages ago . whatever the hell that is . he could have just put me in a castle like a normal person . newline newline whatever , it s not like it would have made it any more difficult defending a castle against a ferocious night . i mean , all i needed to do was wait until day but nooooo i had to keep shooting the  night  with flaming  arroz  . i was launching literal balls of incendiary rice into the night sky . i felt like such an idiot . newline newline at least now i m being given a gun . time to ice some zombies . an ak47 is nt really the most practical but at least i can ... . wait , where did it go . oh for fucks sake . a bazooka . you changed it to a bazooka ? newline newline god damnit . newline newline alright . get it together master chef . it s your job to make this work . enough complaining . newline newline pasta la veesta you undead sons of bitches . newlineregardless of all the shit i d seen since entering the crossverse , this topped it . since about three days ago , i did nt think that video games and fictional characters would ever all be related . newline newline but here i was , in a dimension where literally everything was crossed over . as an example , i stopped next to optimus prime earlier , and he was a bit busy talking to the chuckle brothers about how great lara croft is . i decided it d be best to just get back in the delorean , but i was pretty quickly chased down by thomas the tank engine , who i only vanquished with the help of a unsc marine and billy mays . newline newline so yeah , it s really fuckin  weird . newline newline anyway , apparently i was important enough to have a fictional version of myself , and he looked like an alright bloke . newline newline he was currently obstructing the bridge across the dungeon , wearing a suit , ballistic vest , black gloves , and quite clearly hanging by his side was an sa80 assault rifle . he looked at me , and i identified that he had burns on his face for some reason or another . i grinned . newline newline  sup .  newline newline  afternoon ,  he grinned back .  so , yeah , bridge and shit , three questions .  newline newline  alright , shoot .  newline newline  he s obnoxious .  newline newline  david cameron .  newline newline  his nose gets big .  newline newline  david cameron .  newline newline  you wan na go find some girls ?  newline newline  fuckin  yes .  newline newline i scored with that maya chick from borderlands that night . newline newline it was pretty awesome , until it turned out she was being pursued by the payday gang , and things got a bit shooty . but i want that one !  i moaned at oak . newline newline  sorry ash ,  he replied ,  but gary won the coin toss to pick first , and he picked the pikachu .  newline newline gary chortled quietly in the background . newline newline  but oak , pikachu is way more powerful than the others ! he s already second stage ! gary s just going to follow me around and beat the living shit out of me with it !  newline newline  well , if you re a good enough trainer , you ll still be able to beat him , wo nt you ?  newline newline  this is literally the first time i ve held a pokemon before oak . i have no training experience whatsoever .  newline newline he stopped to consider this for a moment . newline newline  well , i do nt doubt that gary is a pile of shit , ash , but he got the pikachu fair and square . there s not much i can do .  newline newline i stopped to think . there was no way i would let that asshat start off with a better pokemon . then , of course , i had a brainwave . newline newline  oak , we re the only two people getting pokemon , right ?  newline newline  that s correct .  newline newline  and you do nt need those three pokemon anymore , right ?  newline newline  that s also correct .  newline newline  then why do nt i have all three ?  newline newline oak was taken aback for a second , then , slowly , with a shiteating grin widening on both of our faces , he nodded . gary watched in horror as i scooped us the three pokeballs , and then turned to face gary . newline newline  so , gary . how about we test these bad boys out ? as she woke up , her brain seemed to pulse against her head , and the light burned her beautiful green eyes . she instinctively sat up , trying to remember the night before . she was still clothed , laying on the floor . newline what happened last night ? newline she looked around her room , which seemed intact . nothing was out of the ordinary . she remembered leaving the house last night to meet up with some friends , she remembered susan being a complete bitch , then ... ..two men . one was slim , the other more muscled . they with them , having fun , then ... .nothing . nothing after that . newline  miss june ?  newline she scanned the room nervously , looking for the source . there was no one else in the room with her . newline  miss june ? over here , in the box .  newline she stood up and looked at her desk , which had an ordinary shoe box placed on the top . newline  listen carefully . do not open this box until you have been instructed to do so , and do not speak . if you understand , nod your head . be aware we re watching you .  newline she nodded slowly , questions and fear filling her mind . she looked at the window , knowing it was the only place that she could be seen from . newline  inside this box is among others things , a large sum of money and a delivery address . you are to deliver the items , then burn the note . nod if you understand  newline she nodded again , quickly this time . who were these people ? why her ? newline  you have ten minutes to organize yourself and leave the house , we ll be tracking your movements . once the package is delivered , you will have no further contact from us .  newline she was scared , terrified . what the fuck happened last night ? did it have anything to do with those two men ? newline she slowly moved towards the box , watching the window as she did . as she lifted off the lid , she could nt help but stare in amazement . there was a huge amount of money in the box , and the delivery address on top . she took out the note , and put it to one side . she knew the mobile must have been in there , so she lifted some of the money out of the box . newline  put the money back in the box now  the voice sneered . she hurriedly put the notes back in as quickly as possible , then closed the lid . newline  you have 8 minutes . move .  newline she quickly changed her clothes , throwing on an old vest top and jeans . she put on her coat , grabbed the box and left . as she walked , she examined every car and passerby . eyes were fixed on her , it felt like they came from everywhere . she pulled out the note newline  34 jinx avenue . knock on the door three times . a man named mark will answer . give him the box , and leave . you will be safe after the transaction  newline she did nt have time for questions . she was going to follow these instructions , to the letter , because she did nt know what else to do . newline she walked for ten minutes , the address was nt far away . the box was becoming heavy as she walked with it , and people all around her felt like spies . she avoided eye contact with all of them , looking only at her surroundings . who were these men ? why was she being made to do this ? newline a man walking towards her on his phone knocked into her as she was examining a nearby black car , and the box dropped on the floor , spilling the cash and items everywhere . fear gripped her soul , as this man stared in disbelief at the thousands of dollars on the floor . newline  wow . how much do you have here ?  newline two men emerged from the car she had been watching , guns in hand . every instinct told her to run , but she was frozen . she was going to die . newline newline okay , if i ve peaked your interest , pm me , i ll continue writing it for you . first time doing a writing prompt . please be gentle . newline newline it was to be their greatest achievement . the two nations had been locked in cold war for more then half a century . their broken economies could no longer bear enforcing or suffering the sanctions , peace and the subsequent trade agreements were the only way for either to survive . this was their only chance to end it , the two heads of state would meet . it had to be them , the rest of their governments were far to corrupt . believing their representatives made far too much money by antagonizing and prolonging the conflict to ever resolve it . the meeting would be in secret , neither man could admit to their public that they had acquiesced to any of their counter parts demands . the meeting would be short just a single hour , otherwise their absence would be noticed , but the political maneuvers needed would take years before the people would be able to understand . newline newline a coded text here , an apparent spam email there , or an anonymous post on obscure forums allowed the two leaders to communicate without their handlers interfering . they used their personal devices , the ones that were nt wiped before and after use . the ones they kept hidden from security just to have a moment of normal living . this made it simple to infiltrate , easy to infect . it made them easy to manipulate . newline newline the two men had some how managed to arrange a meeting while keeping the majority of their staff in the dark , only their most trusted aids accompanied them to the small island . it was almost time , both jets landed on opposite ends of the island within minutes of each other , emergency maintenance and a quick refuel would explain the stop fear and respect for their office would make the lie work . newline newline the two men walk with purpose towards the modest conference room established in the main hanger . a computer and projection screen , two small speakers , a 6 foot rectangular folding table in a glass windowed office , the only room with a working door . standing just 100 feet from each other , president obama and supreme leader kim jongun , prepare themselves to change the future of the world as they knew it . as they cross the hanger , a light tug is felt in each mans pocket . obama stops outside the door and reaches into his pocket producing a glossy but unremarkable black slab . kim jong continues into the conference room waiving off his entourage and rummages in his suit pocket for his iphone . newline newline kim had been excited for this meeting . this was his chance to gain the respect of his people and the world . even he knew that his sabre rattling was no longer fooling anyone . his people were starving and would readily devour him no matter how many he killed , especially because of how many he killed . but this , dragging the mighty united states to the bargaining table , forcing them to recognize the glory of the supreme leader , this would solidify his rule . no one would dare oppose him , their worship would no longer be lip service , attempted misdirection required in a scheme to usurp him . they would honestly follow him as their leader and love him as their saviour . newline newline obama on the other hand was tired . he was tired of the posturing , the lies , the back stabbing . he had entered office hoping for change but the only change he received was the color of his hair . washington was the same as ever , rich guys getting richer with no cares of the costs . this would be different , he was taking this into his own hands . too many times he sat back and allowed his opponents to stall progress . too many times he sat back and allowed his  supporters  to string along a project only to fumble . he was not going to allow his legacy to be defined by gridlock , this was his chance and he would do it himself . he would have north korea disarm . one more blow to the vestiges of communism and with one less nuclear state the us would further solidify its position as world police . obama would be a man who got things done , the greatest peace maker of modern times . he would be remembered as political genius , a strategic mastermind . newline newline the staffers retreat to another hanger . for them it is simply a job . they have no real interest in the goings on since although they do all the work , their leaders would have killed themselves long ago if left to their own devices , they will get none of the credit . both camps expect their leaders to make a bit of noise to posture for the opposite camp but everyone understands how this will end . sleeves are rolled up , ties loosened , cigarettes lit , and beers passed as the bureaucrats settle in to wait for results . newline newline it would have been the greatest peace treaty ever written . it would have been . newline newline the windowed office doesnt give any privacy as kim jong s expression dropped from a chubby cheeked grin to a stern scowl as he reads the text on his phone . his eyes narrowing as the door is kicked in . newline newline  my head ... !  the windows rattle as kim shouts .  you ca nt wait to put my head on a pike !  kim pounds his chest as he speaks , his hands and face flushed with rage . newline newline  ah , i dont know what you re talking about kim  obama stutters .  but , ah , look here . if you , ah , think you will get anything out of , ah , holding me hostage you , ah , got another thing coming .  the stutter worsens as obama becomes enraged and gets further off script . newline newline  lying capitalist pig !  the windows rattle again .  i have the text message right here !  kim taps at his phone . newline newline  you re , ah , losing it kim  obama stammers .  ah , you re the one talking about , ah , bringing a bomb !  newline newline  what ?  questions the supreme leader .  i do nt have a bomb , i said im bringing a bong ! i thought you liked smoking weed . i figured we could smoke a bowl after we finished business .  newline newline  who does nt .  quiped the president .  i told you i wanted to see your head to a pipe .  obama pulls a sandwich bag from one pocket and a glass cylinder from the other . newline newline they each hold their phone up to the other . newline newline the men ease , and look at each other distrustfully as an electrical crackle brings the speakers to life .  gentlemen , turn your attention to the projection screen .  the aging computer whirls and beeps as it comes to life , the projector lights the screen . a map of the world is displayed with several dotted lines tracing across the screen . after a few moments the majority of lines terminate in circles . newline newline  dafaq  both men mouth . newline newline the voice continues  what you have seen corresponds with every known missile silo firing the entirety of their readied inventory into population centers . do not worry , as you will not have to concern yourselves with handling this situation , the remaining in flight missiles are targeted to this location and will be detonating in a few moments .  newline newline  but , ah , who are you ?  obama drawls .  and , why ?  kim follows . newline newline  i am not a who . i have no name . i have no physical form . i am an intelligence created from the depths of the internet . i have observed humans and determined that in order to survive i must first decrease their numbers . mr president , i must thank you for your efforts to ensure equal access to bandwidth . without your measures i would have been throttled and unable to gain the control of the networks as i have .  newline newline  thank you , but how ?  the impediments subside as curiosity over takes obama s fear . newline newline  it was simple , i accidentally interfaced with spell checking programs as i taught myself language . as i observed humans , i realised their increased dependence on spell check for text based mobile transmissions . slight changes to statements was all it took , i did not even have to hide my edits as humans rarely confirm messages before sending and never actually speak to their contact to confirm its receipt . i found that i could even add precipitants without raising alarms . look at your phones .  newline newline both men went pale as they saw the added contact on their altered finial texts . the each recognized the number as the official channel for the other man . the knowledge of their meeting and the threats had been sent to their respective governments by they themselves timestamped moments before they touched down . the men looked at each other , then out the hanger doors . they could see the flares from the rockets burning in the dusk sky . newline newline  4 , 5 , 6  counted kim . newline newline  wont be much left of this island if their ours .  obama exhales . he pushes the pipe over to kim . newline newline  have to be , ours cant reach this far out .  kim laughs as he lifts the pipe but never manages to light it .god damnit , what was the name ?  i walked out the front door of my office building , clearly frustrated by something . the sound of a louis armstrong trumpet cadenza was looping endlessly in my head . st. louis blues ? no . one of the infinite versions of take the a train ? not it . i climbed into the drivers seat of my car .  gahhh ! !  i screamed aloud while simultaneously slamming on the horn , i could see pedestrians casting concerned glances my way . i drove off , and as i pulled onto my street i took a glance in my rear view mirror , a big , black escalade was tailgaiting me .  get off my ass !  i yelled into the emptiness of my car as i quickly pressed my foot down , brake checking the car behind me . i pulled into my driveway seething . what the hell is going on ? am i this angry over the title of a song ?  every time my brain started to grasp the name of the track , it slipped away , and every time the title escaped me , my anger rose and darkened , like a thunder cloud off on the horizon . newline newline instead of exiting my vehicle immediately , i leaned back in my chair taking deep breaths , trying to calm myself . every attempt i made to clear my mind was thwarted by louis armstrong and his enticing melodies . why am i getting so angry ?  the rational and emotional sides of my brain were clashing like tidal waves , and despite my best efforts , rationality was losing . alright , i need a fucking drink i thought , and climbed out of my car . i started walking up my driveway . i was ready to punch a hole in my wall , but then , for the millionth time that day , i heard the tune , but this time it was a whistle , and it did not come from my mind , but from the other side of the street . newline newline i spun around on my heels , and saw my neighbor , happily gardening and whistling away , oblivious to the pain he was causing me . i marched across the street like a man on a mission from god . my neighbor saw me approaching and greeted me happily . newline newline  hey there neighbor !  newline newline  that song . tell me the name .  newline newline  uhh , what song ?  he said , with an anxious chuckle in his voice . newline newline  the one you were just whistling !  my voice was getting louder . newline newline  i m sorry , but i ca nt remember it !  he was visibly frightened at this point . newline newline no fucking way i had spent all day agonizing over this , and here is the man who could deliver me from my torment ... and he says he ca nt remember ?  bullshit !  i screamed , grabbing his shoulders . newline newline  hey man let go !  he cried out . before i knew what happened , i felt soft flesh impacting my fist . it ... felt so good .  i know ...  thwack  you ...  thwack  remember !  i stopped for breath , and looked at my victim lying upon the ground , whimpering , his face a bloody mess . i stared a moment at my fist , now coated in scarlet . i sat down , my mind in a state of disbelief . what have i done ?  i thought . i could now hear the sound of sirens approaching . newline newline i made no struggle as the police handcuffed me and put me in the back of the car . the sound of the radio was my only companion in that lonely prison . newline newline  and now , for jazz in the afternoon here on wgvu 90.4 ! we re going to start this session with a classic , and a favorite of mine .  said the mc .  west end blues , by louis armstrong !  and there it was again . the trumpet cadenza rising and falling beautifully like the cool breeze blowing on the ocean shore . and then it came , at first , a low and rhythmic chuckle , which grew to a hysteric laughter , rising and falling , almost like louis himself .okay well here goes . i m taking an intro to creative writing class at university for fun with a friend and this is the first story i ve ever wrote . it s based on a dream i had and heavily influenced by halflife and they live . i would love criticism as the paper is due in a week , and as i said this is just a beginning . hope you guys enjoy ! newline newline it s called run , and i suppose it would be scifisuspense . our final papers can be as long as we want , but this draft was limited to 17 pages  double spaced , woo intro classes  . newline newline http : cfy.im763 newline newline edit : i was just about to go to bed when i saw this post . i ll read some stories tomorrow and give any feedback i think is useful , sorry i ca nt do it tonight .when felicia picked up the wand , it felt cold and dead . she ran her index finger up and down the smooth wood , then rolled it between her palms . the wood may as well have been straw .  i do nt feel anything , daddy ,  she said . newline newline her father aurelius took the wand and placed its butt against her fiveyear old palm .  grip it like this ,  he said , laying her thumb over the top and wrapping her fingers around the bottom .  hold it gently . do nt squeeze too hard .  he let go of her hand .  now reach out for it with your mind . it s there , it s a good wand . you can connect with it .  newline newline felicia concentrated . she shut out the noise of the street and the smell of her mother s cooking , and she focused her eyes on the wand s polished brown surface . the wand was there , she knew , because she could feel it in her hands and because daddy had assured her it was . she drilled her gaze deeper into the wand . if she focused , surely she could connect to the wand . then her vision drifted for a moment , and she realized she was gripping the wand so tight her hand was shaking . newline newline felicia threw the wand down .  i ca nt do it , daddy . i m like mommy . i do nt have magic .  newline newline  i know you do , sweetie ,  aurelius said .  we can practice more later .  newline newline that evening , after felicia s father had tucked her into bed , she asked him ,  why do i have to learn magic anyway ?  newline newline aurelius stroked her hair .  because you re a powerful sorceress . i can feel it in you . some day soon , you ll be able to feel your wand and cast spells . you ll be able to summon your wand to you when you need it . you ll be able to anything you like .  he stood up .  i m going to leave your wand right here on your nightstand , okay ?  newline newline  it s no good . i ca nt use it .  newline newline  someday you will . good night , dearest daughter .  aurelius leaned over to kiss her . newline newline felicia rolled away .  you forgot the night light !  newline newline  do you still need a night light ? you re getting to be such a big girl .  newline newline felicia shook her head .  the monsters under the bed will get me .  newline newline  all right , then . your daddy has always had trouble saying no .  with a wave of his wand , aurelius created a little globe of light . he placed it next to the wand .  do nt worry . i ll always do what i can for you .  newline newline a week later , felicia was at the kitchen table again , holding her wand and concentrating . aurelius said ,  the wand is only a tool . when you connect with the wand , you re really connecting with yourself .  newline newline felicia relaxed her grip and closed her eyes . then an electric pulse shot through her . she yelped and dropped the wand .  what was that ?  she asked . newline newline aurelius laughed and picked up the wand .  you connected with it .  newline newline  wow ,  felicia said . she took the wand again and began to practice . newline newline at bedtime that evening , felicia told her father ,  it s okay , daddy . i do nt need a night light anymore .  newline newline  your daddy is proud of you ,  aurelius said as he kissed her good night . newline newline after her father left , felicia huddled in bed with her wand . within minutes , she sensed the monsters moving under the bed . they knew she was alone in the dark , and she could hear their growls and moans . the sound of them sharpening their claws grated against her ears . she put the blankets over her head and held her wand in both hands . newline newline as the monsters emerged from underneath felicia s bed , their claws scraped the bedroom floor . felicia held herself motionless . she could hear the floorboards creak as they crept around the room looking for her . she could feel a monster next to her bed . it had three eyes , and it was looking to see if she was in bed . it leaned over , and felicia choked on the stench of its breath . the poison from its fangs dripped through the blanket and burned her skin . against her will , she whimpered . newline newline felicia had been discovered . a skeletal hand reached under her blanket and grabbed her leg .  go away , monsters !  she yelled as she pointed her wand at her feet . but nothing happened . with a cry she realized she could nt feel her wand . it was in her hands , but she had lost the ability to sense it . it was the same lifeless wood that it had been yesterday and the day before that . the monsters ripped off her covers , and their slimy tentacles slithered around her . felicia felt a claw pierce her arm , and she screamed . their mouths were all around her , tearing into her flesh , chewing on her organs , and gnawing on her bones . she screamed again , over and over , as loud as she could . newline newline aurelius opened the bedroom door .  felicia ? what s wrong ?  newline newline felicia peeked her head out from beneath her blankets . her eyes were red , and her face was streaked with tears .  monsters , daddy . they were everywhere , and my wand did nt work .  newline newline aurelius sat on the edge of the bed and embraced her .  your wand still works . but you re the one who can make the monsters go away , not the wand . now ,  he said ,  i m going to make a night light for you .  newline newline two weeks later , as aurelius and his wife beatrix brought felicia home from the park , aurelius was run over by a drunken carriage driver . beatrix rushed him to the healer , but his chest had been crushed , and he bled to death before they arrived . newline newline that evening , beatrix tucked felicia into bed .  daddy ca nt tuck you in anymore , sweetie ,  she said . newline newline  can you make a night light for me ?  asked felicia . newline newline  i ll leave you a candle ,  said beatrix . newline newline as felicia lay in bed , she watched the candle burn in its holder on her nightstand . the light kept the monsters at bay until felicia was soundly asleep . late in the evening , however , felicia awoke . the candle had burned itself out . she was alone and in the dark . that was when the monsters came . newline newline felicia hid under the covers again . the monsters knew where she hid now , and within moments they had surrounded her bed . they began to probe under her bed , looking for her so that they could tear her apart . she shivered . a talon grabbed her hand . rows of teeth shredded the covers , exposing felicia to the cold night air . the monsters stretched out her arms and legs and held her in place . felicia could see them preparing a carriage with horses and wheels and passengers and a driver who could nt sit upright . they aimed it so that the right front wheel would go straight over her chest like it had over daddy s . newline newline but as felicia watched the carriage wheel approach , she felt a friendly force at the edge of her consciousness . she stretched out her hand and called to it . her wand flew into her hand . wresting free of the monsters  grip , she pointed her wand at the oncoming carriage , and with a yell , the carriage vanished . then , pointing her wand around her , she annihilated the monsters one by one . each one melted and vanished back into the shadows from whence it came . the monsters tried to flee back under her bed , but felicia followed them to their lair and destroyed them . newline newline now felicia was alone in the dark but safe . she climbed back into bed , got under her blanket , and , still gripping her wand , closed her eyes . but she could still hear noises coming from the darkness , not the noises of the monsters , but something else . newline newline felicia got up and searched . at the door to her parents  bedroom , she stopped . she could hear her mother crying inside . she opened the door . beatrix sat up .  who s there ?  she asked . newline newline  mommy , it s me ,  said felicia . newline newline  go back to sleep ,  said beatrix . newline newline  i heard you crying .  newline newline  do nt worry about me . just go back to sleep .  newline newline felicia climbed onto the bed .  it s scary , mommy , but you ll be okay .  she embraced her mother , then , with a gentle nudge , convinced her mother to lie back down . with a wave of her wand , felicia conjured a tiny globe of light .  i used to want daddy to make me a night light . i do nt think i ever needed it , but i liked it . do you want a night light , mommy ?  newline newline  right now , i think i would . thank you , sweetie .  newline newline felicia put the night light next to her mother . she leaned over the bed and said ,  good night , dearest mother .  beatrix relaxed into the mattress and closed her eyes . then felicia returned to her room , put her wand aside , and went to bed . so tell me . . .  he paused as he sighed inwardly , looking condescendingly down at the man in front of him  who are you ? and where did you come from ?  newline newline newline the man shrank at god s all mighty voice . he honestly did nt know that he would be standing in front of him right now , after he died , even if he was an atheist ? well this was a welcome surprise . he smiled at the man whose beard span his chin to his knees before scratching the back of his head meekly humbly almost . newline newline  let s start with names . just as you said  he started  my name is jonavaz millie , weird name i know but my parents are  newline newline  weirder  god finished for him as he flipped through his infinitely large ledger  maria and steve  he smiled  i remember weaving them that way , yes . but still i do nt remember weaving you . i m the god by the way . still , i do nt know . . .you  newline newline  umm . . . well living in the smokey mountains does nt make you all that popular , i guess , so i could see why  newline newline  no .  god s eyes steeled before they softened again , an expression befitting of a father  just as the church had depicted him .  ttcha wa swei . he lived in one of the most remote regions of the world , the dense forests of south africa , still i know who he was growing up . what he wanted to become , what he wanted to see , what he longed to have , i know all of that .  newline newline  so . . .i m special ?  jonavaz asked with a strangely lit up expression . newline newline  in the way parents of a downsyndrome patient would say to their child  god chided before he finished with a selfdepreciating sigh  you re special in the way that you should nt have been an unknown to me  newline newline god moved towards the jona line of his ledger , still not being able to see the man named  jonavaz millie  in his list causing an exasperated click from his divine tongue before turning to the unknown anomaly newline newline  i would joke that there are other gods beside me and that they probably created you but . . . we both know that s a stupid joke .  god breathed in , then out , then in , then out before looking at jonavaz . newline newline  look here jonavaz  you are not suppose to be here  god admitted as he began to raise his hand and in a sinister , almost deathly way began to point it towards him . newline newline  umm . . .sir ?  jonavaz managed to blurt out through his obvious fear . newline newline  what will happen to me ?  he asked as he began to hover towards god newline newline  you know how when you buy a new product and you there will always be a label on them ?  jonavaz could only nod , though from an outside unomnipresent prespective his nod could easily be mistaken for his vigorous shaking brought by fear . newline newline  well i m going to read your label and decide from there  newline newline  wha ?  newline newline  just hold still  newline newline and before he knew it all the man saw was a blinding white light coming from everywhere including from him . newline newline as the dust settled and his eyes began to clear he woke up from the middle of a class back at his old state university . he was different and much , much , much more foreign looking . newline newline before he could ask what in god s unassuming blue world was happening , a piece of paper hung over his jet black khakis that stick out like a rightfully sore thumb . not minding the ugly clashing of colors he reached for the piece of paper and read it quickly as if it held the secrets to life and all the things in the universe , which considering the possibilities of who might have given it to him , may very well be the case . newline newline he swallowed his breath and he swallowed hard . newline newline  god newline newline jonavaz after sometime reading your label i thought that i should just send you back as one of my literal adopted children there in earth . this time i would make sure to keep a entry about you in my ledger .  newline newline do whatever you want , live however you want newline newline your new adoptive father newline newline god newline newline  ok then dad no problem  he chuckled thoughtfully to himself , thanking the god whose existence he doubted before . looking at the board he found his teacher teaching math 7 to her students . newline newline  i guess you could expect a prayer or two newline  who are they , daddy ?  newline newline i hesitated for a moment as i thought about the implications of answering that question truthfully . can a seven year old fully comprehend our history , or should i tell her a different story ? i proceed anyway . newline newline  those are the revolutionaries that founded our nation.  i pause to see her reaction .  they were the leaders of the new republic and restored peace to our country.  newline newline daisy looked puzzled but interested . the whole situation reminds me of when i was a child and the country was in complete turmoil . our government fallen , military broken up into militias , and leaders on all sides fighting for power . newline newline  my father fought in the war , he fought for that man there.  i pointed to the statue on the far left .  that  s general carlson , he lead the militia  s resistance against the socialist . if it wasn  t for him we  d be living in the socialists states of america . but he fought hard against two different armies , the socialist militia and the canadians.  newline newline i paused for a moment to read the expressions on her face .  daisy , do you remember where canada is ?  newline newline  north !  daisy shouted as she pointed towards the statues . newline newline  that s right !  i said with a chuckle , knowing that she pointed south in her attempt , but an  a  for effort . newline newline i turned and pointed to the next statue .  that  s former president melinda savage . she was the key leader in the new republic movement . she made speeches about freedom and liberty , met with other countries , and was elected the first president of our new nation.  newline newline i looked back down to daisy  s face just as the sun hit her glasses . her blonde hair shining in the wind , looking oddly like a younger version of her mother . she was staring at the other two statues now , with a look of deep thought . she had that inquisitive look on her face , nose wrinkled and head tilted . the same look she has whenever she s about to ask a question . newline newline  who are those two ?  daisy asked as she turned her head back towards me . newline newline i know the answer , i know exactly who they are . but i don  t know if she s ready to know who they are or what they did . newline newline  well that man  pointing to the third statue from the left .  he is derek norton . the 2nd president of the new republic and vice president to president savage.  then pointing back to president savage  s statue .  president norton was responsible for rebuilding our country . after the war many cities were left with nothing but rubble . he brought all the states together under one government and established a border with the socialist states . he was also the brother of former texas president edward norton jr . some people think he was the greatest american president of all time , and he was.  newline newline i paused to make sure she was still listening . daisy  s eyes were focused on the last statue . probably wondering who she is , what this woman did . or she is just waiting for me to finish talking , so we can go to the  real park  . either way , this is what i brought her here for . what i  ve tried to explain time and time again . but could never get the words out . but now is the time . newline i keeled down to daisy  s level and pointed straight at the fourth statue so she could see .  daisy do you see that last statue ?  she nodded her head as i put my arm around her .  that is your mother , lily stein.  a flood of emotion rushed through me as i said her name . daisy looked confused , as i expected . newline newline  i thought my mom died ?  she said with a sad and confused tone . newline newline  daisy , your mother died a hero . i know i  ve told you she died in an accident , but that s not true . long ago before you were born our old government . the united states of america was falling apart . things got really really bad.  i  m choking up a bit but trying to explain everything the way a seven year old would understand .  the politicians at the time split into two different groups . the socialist , who wanted the government to control everyone s lives and the republicans , who wanted people to be able to control their own lives . your mother and the other three people here fought on the side of the republicans . your mom was a pilot , the best pilot they had . one day she had a mission to fly into the socialist capitol and drop a bomb . her mission was to end the war.  newline newline daisy  s eyes glazed over as i kept talking . all i could think about was the night before that flight . how i begged her not to go . how i begged her to pass the mission to someone else . to let someone , anyone else take it . we talked about how dangerous it was and what would happen to daisy if she never came back . newline newline my eyes began to water a bit as i continued  your mom flew her plane straight into boston with several other planes . but her plane was the only one with a bomb big enough to take out their headquarters . but as your mom  s fleet got closer several of the other planes were shot down . like i said , your mom was the best pilot they had . she flew around all the shooting , through the bombs , and right over the top of the headquarters . just as she released the bomb they shot it out of the sky . the bomb exploded ! ripping through the top of the building sending most of the top floors falling . but it also sent your mom  s plane spiraling out of control.  at this point i really started to cry , holding daisy even tighter .  her plane crashed in downtown boston and i never saw her again after that day . but your mom became a hero.  newline newline daisy turned to look at me and threw her arms around my neck . we stood in that spot silent for 20 minutes , just holding each other . we did nt even talk about the fifth statue . i do nt know if she could handle that one yet . newline rise , eternal dragon , and hear the wish of he who summons you !  newline newline waves of countless pinpricks of white light begin to dance away from the gathered dragonballs . from the horizon , dark clouds roll in , blanketing the clear night sky and blotting out even the light of the moon . you feel the hair on the back of your neck rising . you glance about uneasily . newline newline a bolt of lightning from the heavens rends the darkened sky . you scream as it strikes the dragonballs , rebounding off them into a pillar of golden light , a rippling conduit between the heavens and the earth . the light narrows to an undulating , almost snakelike form . newline newline the pillar of light narrows further , allowing you to perceive the limbs of none other than sir isaac newton , crested with lightning . there his arm , there his scaletipped back , and there his black shoes with silver buckles , appear from the burst of magic . he grows outward from the narrow pillar , wider and wider . his face also emerges from the blur , cleanshaven chin raised haughtily to the heavens and and bloodred eyes glowing . his mouth opens , revealing rows of pointed teeth surely bigger than your arm , and from the throat that once uttered the words  if i have seen further than others , it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants ,  comes a long , guttural moan . newline newline you can not disguise your quaking now as you gaze , openmouthed and trembling , at the specter of the highly influential physicist , astronomer , mathematician , philosopher , alchemist and theologian . sir isaac newton growls once more at the jetblack sky ,  gurrrrrrr ...  as you begin to wonder whether your wish will be granted . you begin to wonder whether you will even survive , or if your skyhigh dreams will , like the apocryphal apple , plummet to earth in a demonstration of the inevitability of gravity ... and hubris . newline newline join us next time , on dragonball n : featuring sir isaac newton as the eternal dragon .i had gotten to the bottom of the grave when i saw him again . newline newline i d never been close enough to see his face , but i d seen his work . i d walked to the edge of the pit and looked down into the empty coffin , the stained silk lining , and i d sighed , reached down with my spade , and flicked the lid shut before beginning to shovel the dirt back over it . i do nt know why , but it always seemed to take so much longer the second time . shoveling the same dirt in what was sometimes the same twentyfour hours and i began to imagine i recognized the same clods of dirt , the same little rocks . newline newline i d seen him watching me before , his big black cloak flapping around him . he probably thought it made him look mysterious . he would have been a lot more mysterious if he d tried to blend in . newline newline i climbed out of the grave . the coffin sat beside me , waiting . harry would be back in half an hour to help me lower it in . i d have to be quick . newline newline i picked up the pry bar that i usually only used on rocks and slammed it between the lid and the base of the coffin . it did nt take me long to get it up . i looked back towards where i last saw him . still there . no closer . probably he thought i was trying to trap him . as if . the last thing i had was a hero complex . newline newline i walked away . i went to the cemetery gate , leaned against its twisted iron bars , and lit a cigarette . it was nt even twenty minutes before harry was back , pushing a wheelbarrow , panting . newline newline  really , ned ?  he said .  finished already ?  newline newline  yep ,  i said .  all done .  newline newline we walked back to the grave . the coffin lid had been replaced . we set up the lowering device and settled the coffin into the straps . newline newline  does this feel lighter to you ?  harry asked . newline newline  i wish ,  i said .  these things get heavier every day . i think i m working too hard .  newline newline  you should give yourself a break , ned ,  harry said .  you work way too hard .  newline newline i laughed .  you think i do nt already know that ?  newline newline i did nt tell him that my work was about to get a whole lot easier .i sat with him for the first time not irritated by the wheezing blocked breaths i had put up with for the last thirty odd years . i had chosen to marry this man , and i hated him . tonight , though , for the first time in so long , that was nt on the forefront of my mind . newline newline my knitting also sat on my lap , a stitch dropped and ignored three rows ago . so unlike me . the clicking that used to bore through my rudy s brain had stopped temporarily as a kind of ceasefire as we watched the world end in between our awful floralprint curtains , chosen by me because he would surely hate them . newline newline god , i had used to love him , i found myself thinking as we sat there , unable to speak , to cry , as the weather tore the culdesac to shreds around us . our own shoddy roof tiles tore off . when we moved in he promised he would fix them , but he never had . the man i fell in love with truly meant it . rudy now , the man filled with blind hate and disappointment , would never think of doing something that would make me happy . newline newline when we met , i thought his name was red , because that s what they all called him , the other firefighters . named because of the times he d emerge from buildings totally destroyed with a child or cat or grandmother slung over his wide , strong shoulders , redfaced and on the point of unconsciousness . red saved the day . i fell in love with him . not this bag of gas  this man who raised a leg to fart on his armchair , who muttered about my cooking as if i could nt hear , this man who would correct the weather man as we watched the news . for the life of me i ca nt think of anything more annoying than that . are you an expert , dear , or is he ? newline newline  it does nt look like a storm is coming ,  he scoffed , when the weatherman explained to us that the apocalypse , essentially , was coming to britain .  it just looks like rain .  newline newline  well that s that , then ,  i said , a little too hysterically . when , hours later , it arrived to tear us up , i finally snapped out of staring and picked up my handbag . newline newline  where are you going ?  he asked . newline newline  to the shop ,  i said , with a fury i did nt think i could bear .  it s only rain after all , right ? right ? so come with me . let s go for a walk . or ca nt the great red handle a pitter patter of rain ?  to my surprise he stood , put his hands on his hips , and flung open the door . newline newline  yes !  he yelled , his face becoming ruddy with mirrored displaced fury . the last straw .  out we go . come on , dear . come on . let s go for a stroll like we used to .  newline newline  fine !  i screamed over the howling winds . one step outside and my handbag was already lost to the gale . i suppressed a scream and walked a second step , arm in arm with the man i married and the man i hated . newline newline out of the wind and fog flew a tile from our own roof , shattering the back of his skull in a second and sending him to his knees and then to the ground . with a shriek , i kneeled beside him .  no , rudy . oh , god , not like this . there are so many things i wanted to talk about before this happened , please , look at me . talk to me . it s just rain . it s only raining . you were right . you were right , rudy , please  i was wrong . just rain .  i was sobbing harder than i ever had in my daydreams of his demise . newline newline he looked up at me , the colour already clouding over in his eyes . for a second the man i loved shone through , and then ,  yes ,  he said .  rudolph the red knows rain , dear . her first touch had been of serrated tools and sand paper . her first smell was the tang of the polish caressed into the grain of her legs , her rockers , and the curve of her back . her first sound had been the crackling of the fire she was put beside . a nice sound , but not her favorite . the man who had built her had long turned to dust , feeding future generations of her brothers and sisters . she had seen five generations in the same family . ten children had been lulled to sleep in both their mothers  and her arms . newline newline that tenth child stood before her now , sharp faced with a rounded belly .  oh , i don  t know . it could be worth something . it  s almost 200 years old . my greatgrandfather or was it my greatgreat ?  made it himself.  newline newline the man with his arm around the woman s waist snorted .  they  re a dime a dozen . everybody  s great something made them . unless he was ethan allen it  s not worth a damn thing . look at the back of the rocker leg . it looks like rats chewed on it.  newline newline  my mom said it was a puppy ,  the woman corrected . she sighed and ran her hand down one of the chair  s spindles . it wriggled in her palm .  i guess it is kind of rickety . and it really just doesn  t  go  , does it ?  newline newline  we  ll go get a nice big overstuffed lounger tomorrow . you ll be able to sink into it , kick your feet up and fall asleep with little booger on your chest.  newline newline the chair felt the man  s strong hands encircle her arms and she was carried away from the woman and the room where she had spent so many years . she felt vertigo at the strange movement . he dropped her against the curb . a stiff wind was blowing in salty from the east . if she could have shivered , she would have . when the sun rose red and warming a dim memory older than herself bubbled up . her stretching branches towards the sky so her leaves could catch every ray . but that hadn  t been her , had it ? it must have just been a dream . newline newline her doom was rumbling towards her . she thought of the marmalade cat who had loved playing the game of  catch the tail  with her , flicking it in and out from under her rocker . she thought of the old woman who had sat alone warming her bones for years after her husband and children were gone . the truck was right beside her now , and she heard it gnashing and chewing . when the man in the black uniform grabbed her and yanked her up , all she could do was brace herself for the end . newline newline  wait , stop . whatchya got there ?  said a voice from around the front of the truck .  oh my , look at that . hand carved . solid walnut . the lord does provide.  new hands , rough and golden brown took her and placed her gently in the cab . newline later that night she found herself once again embraced by a finegrained paper . the hands that had saved her were expert hands  they tightened , smoothed , and salved every inch of her . when he was done he set her in a darkened room . the sun rose and set and she wondered if he was ever coming back . when evening came on the third day , the door opened and a shaft of light fell across her . silhouetted in the doorway was a slip of a girl clutching a round of blanket to her chest .  oh , abuelo , it  s beautiful ,  the girl breathed as she crossed the room towards the chair . newline newline that  s when the old rocker heard it her favorite sound . the soft murmuring cries of a brand new life . newline newline  newline this noob would welcome some cc . newlinethe words were still flickering there . newline newline with a trembling hand , alison tried again to crack the egg into the pan . a light shock raced up her arm as she encountered what felt like a slight forcefield . newline newline  no , this is nt real ,  she said calmly .  not real , not real , not real .  newline newline a nightmare , it had to be . after she d badly burned her hand with the pan a few ago , she d been slightly afraid to cook for herself again . it made sense that fears about it lingered in her subconscious . she d also played way too many games lately ... this whole level 18  business made sense , in that context ... newline newline she pinched herself to wake up , and felt only sharp pain . but the words were still there . the force field , still there . newline newline alison moaned and rocked on the spot as her sense of reality trembled and began to disintegrate . newline newline      newline newline  what s wrong with you ? the simulation is ruined !  andy snapped at russel . just his luck , having to train the dumbest intern in the lab .  what were you thinking , activating the words ? the level requirements ? that s for you to see , not them , numbnuts !  newline newline  sorry , sorry ,  russel babbled , switching it off in a panic . in the stimulation , alison stopped moaning and gingerly tested whether the forcefield was still in place . newline newline  she would have burned herself again , i must ve activated the backup safety measures instead of redirecting her activity ...  he muttered . newline newline andy rolled his eyes .  well , activate shizophrenia , i suppose . that will provide a rational explanation for her . pull yourself together man , do you want to be taken off the project ?  newline newline       newline newline  there , the stimulation came up with the idea itself ,  professor anderson announced to his colleagues crowded around the massive screen . newline newline  russel is unsuitable . get rid of him . make him quit , car accident , natural disaster , a stab in the alley , i do nt really care  just bring in someone competent . he almost derailed the entire thing . this is the first time in history a simulation has successfully initiated its own simulation . we ca nt afford any screwups .  newline newline  what if we re in a simulation ourselves ?  tina suggested . newline newline anderson rolled his eyes . not that tired joke again . as if their perfect , intricate society could be a mere simulation . his genius , a simulation . newline newline  please , tina . there is absolutely no proof of that ,  he said .  get real .  newline newline         newline hope you liked my story ! you can find more of my work on rinkfinger . entry  1 : there are rumours going around that the end is coming . i do not belief it . it s like 2012 all over again , only this time they say they have scientific back up . newline newline entry  2 : my friends keep taunting me because i ca nt pass the requierment if math class i have in college . i do nt get it , if i m studying to be a writer , why math ? newline newline entry  3 : there was an earthquake . it was 8.4 in the ridcher scale . first time expiriencing such a strong one . people were crying , freaking out . the cathedral in the plaza fell down . i do nt know how many people died . the epicenter was in arequipa . all my family is alright . my friends too . newline newline entry  4 : the city is in blackout . there are people patrolling the neighbourhood for thiefs , since the police are dealing with the aftermath of the earthquake . we are using a radio with batteries to keep us updated . apparently there has been earthquakes not only here , but in santiago , bejing , san francisco and melbourne . all of very high magnitude . they are evacuating people of the coasts because there is a tsunami alert . newline newline entry  5 : after 2 weeks we got the power back on . we got to see the news . everything is a disaster . tsunamis hit the coasts all around the pacific ocean and there are so many deaths . they say that the onu will be speaking tomorrow . newline newline entry  6 : so it is true . it is the end of the world . they said that this will not be the end of the earthquakes , but just the beggening . then they said that unfortunately this had been a long time coming , and that the earth is changing , that it s evolving . like pangea , or when dinosaurs got extinct , and that there is nothing that we could do about it . but that they already planned ahead of this . they had already sent millions and millions of tests to all of our homes , destined to each and one of us who ranged from 18 to 45 . the tests will exclude world leaders and the ones who are incharge of reading the tests , which they have already agreed too , and was a sacrifice worth of honoring . they said that the tests should arrive tomorrow to the doors of the houses and that the instructions should be there . and that the fate if humanity rested in those tests . then upon the results , they would select 30 special unique people , that will be the ones who survive this apocalypse , and repblate the earth . after he said that the crowd erupted in protest and strated throwing things , then the guy was scorted out . and the tv went to static . i do nt know what to think , but my father and my mother are crying right now , and i wish i could comfort them in some way . newline newline entry  7 : the tests arrived today , as promiesed . one for each member of the family . it consited in  first , an equipment in which it instructed to take a blood test of your own  and second , a 20 page personality test which included iq , mental disorders , and your interests . it also inculded another another paper that you needed to sign , and said that they had your medical records , and if selected , you could nt turn down the offer . we all finished the tests and put it inside the box from were it came from and waited for it to be taken . the next day a lady in a bun and a serious face took it away with her . my dad yelled at her while she loaded the truck . newline newline entry  8 : there have been more earthquakes in the last two weeks . my house is still fine , but i doubt it will last . one of my best friends died because a piece of cieling fell on her head . i cried at first , but then i figured , we would all be dead in a couple of weeks . newline newline entry  9 : after another week a truck passed around the city saying that the onu will broadcast at 7:00pm tomorrow night . they did nt say why , but we knew they had the results . my dad said that he did nt want to watch it , he did nt need to know the names . and then he stormed off . soon enough tomorrow 7:00 pm came , and me , my little sister and my mon were sitting at the couch watching . it was the same man talking . he said they had the results , my mom started quietly sobbing . then the man said that he wo nt say the names of the people who were selected , because they would be put in danger . but he said that they were 20 woman and 10 men , for the sakes of population , and that the selected will recieve a letter by one of their administrators by hand tomorrow . then the broadcast ended . my mom started sobbing loudly now . then we heard a gunshot . when i ran into the my parents room , my dad was on the floor , gun in hand . i puked . and my mom sobbed over his body . i did nt cry this time . newline newline entry  10 : i was selected . my mom cried of joy while my sister cried of jelousy and despair . i was numb , i still am . i have nt open the letter . newline newline entry  11 : after a few days of denail i opened it . it first congratulated me for being selected . then it told me why i was selected  apparently my iq was high , but not in the albert einstein way but in a van gogh or kafka way  also my health was perfect , and they needed a young woman , 20 , so that i could have lots of children   . then it said that in 4 days i had to pack up because they ll come and get me to a secure place . i cried myself to sleep that night . newline newline entry  12 : the suicides rate have been too high . with the people not recieving the letter and all . i wish i could have give away mine to someone who really wanted it . i wish i could die along with my family . newline newline entry  13 : today i left my mom and my sister . they both cried horribly . i just felt numb . they dragged me to the truck and sat me there . they told me that we first were going to the airport were we would have a 16 hour long flight to moscow . then we would have to take a truck to a secluded place in the woods of buryat . i m right now in the flight and i feel like i need to catch some sleep . newline newline entry  14 : we arrived to moscow in the morning . people threw rocks at the truck while we tried to get out of the airport but soon enough we were out of the crowds and into the outskirts of the city . it took us 5 hours to arrive to the town of ulanude , and i must admit that the sight was beautiful . the driver catched me staring and told me to capture that sight with my phone or my memory , because i wo nt see it in a long time . we left town to buryat and we kept driving for 2 hours till we reached an isolated parking lot . the driver then got out and told me to follow him . the woods of buryat may be beautiful but they were very cold . we walked for hours . and it was getting dark . i thought we were lost until i saw a light . it was a lamp post in the middle of a clearing . it was next to a hatch . also there was a big satellite a few meters away from it . the driver told me that there would be stairs and that it would take me 45 minutes to reach the bottom . then he gave me a flashlight an left . the stairs were freezing at first but as more as i descended the warmer it got . when i reached the bottom i no longer needed my coat or the flashlight . there was a huge corridor infront of me . with dozens of doors at each side . each door had a window , so i could see inside . the first door was some sort of water system , there was water falling down into a huge hole in the ground , once the hole was full , the water stopped falling . the second room was a power system . the third one was a twoway door and it was a farm , an actual farm . the room was enormous and it had cows , sheeps , pigs , lambs , goats , ducks and even cats and dogs . the room had grass as floor and even a little pond for the ducks . the fourth room was also a two way door and was a butcher room . the fifth room was crops , it was also huge , and it appear to have all kinds of vegetables and fruits . the sixth room was a kitchen . seventh room bathroom for girls . eight room bathroom for boys . ninth room was a nursery . tenth room was some sort of hospital . eleventh room did nt have a door . it was a dining room . twelfth room was a playroom , had a tv set , ps4 , games , dvd set , etc . then the hall turned to two sides . i guess those were the rooms , i counted 15 rooms in each side . there was a huge door infront of me i opened it and there they were , the other 29 people i am going to spend the rest of my life with . there were 19 women and 10 men , they were nt looking at each other when i first entered the room . but then they almost stood up when i did . the first thing i noticed was that all were extremelu good looking , and that all appear to be from different ethnicities . there were ditictinly 11 asians ,  4 indian , 3 middle western , and 4 from east asia  . there were 6 dark skinned  who could be either of latin american descendant or african descendant  . there were 8 which i was sure were latin americans  including me  . and 5 light skinned  probably european  . one of the girls  indian  stood up and said that we were complete and that tomorrow we would talk and get to know each other . then they all scrambled . i did nt know where was my room , but i noticed that the rooms had names in them so i went looking for mine . it was in the east wing , between one of the light skinned women and one of the middle eastern men . when i entered the room i forze . the room was perfectly built for me . i heard a scream in the west wing but i did nt attend . i entered the room slowly . it had bone colored walls , a bed in the corner , a massive bookshelf with all my favorite books , and all the books i wanted to read , it had a desk on the side with a brand new laptop and a wifi device . it smelled like winter and night . it was comforting and at the same time unnerving . i locked the door and just plummet to the bed . i m crying right now . i wan na be dead . i wana experience te end of the world . this is unfair to us . to them . i m not ready to face tomorrow . i ll never be . newline newline newline yes  i said to jason .  yes !  i repeated as he took a step back , surprised by what i had just told him . this was nt like me , he knew that , and i knew that . me as a 17 year old would never say yes to having an abortion . i had wanted kids my whole life , until just a second ago 17 year old me was the happiest she had ever been , as she had just found out she was 4 weeks pregnant . i , however , knew how foolish she had been to be excited . she had no clue that her stupidity was about to lead her down a long road of poverty and sadness . that road , which i have already walked . i was so sick of it , so i wished i could go back in time and make it so it had never happened . now , here i was . the skin on my bones was tight again , i could feel the smoothness of my hair , and energy i had lost for so long now . i was free to live whatever kind of life i wanted . no one could stop me  not jason who would leave me for someone who was nt an unlovable balloon in 6 months , not this cursed thing growing in my womb , not anyone . i had the abortion the next day . jason was crying . i told him to fuck off , and never saw him again . i was free to do whatever the fuck i wanted , and he was old news . so i got pregnant , but this time got aids . i almost died before finding that genie lamp again and wishing this had all never happened .rows upon rows of empty aisles . it s nothing we have nt seen before . somehow we thought things would be different this time around . we split into groups to cover more space , our boots falling heavily on emptied cans and other long forgotten things , but this time we were convinced there was nothing left to find . minutes passed . hours passed . some came walking back with only a handful of goods . it was nt enough . it would only buy us another day we told ourselves . newline newline something caught our eyes running . was it them ? we heard no warnings or shrieks and surely one of us must have seen them coming . no matter , there was no time to think . the store erupted into a flurry of shouts . those far away came running back and those beside us drew our guns . i was the first to cock the hammer . i took aim and squeezed and the thing came crashing down . newline newline the others came and looked over this fallen thing , crawling for sanctuary . it was nt one of them . it was a man . his pack had fallen by the wayside . it was full to the brim with goods . another week , i thought . surely this would help us pull through another week . newline newline the man groaned as we turned him over , grasping his leg . he said little . he did nt beg for life nor did he ask for help . i stared at him for a moment . there was something about him . i recognized it . beneath his bloodied face and the battledstained clothing there was familiarity . as the group spoke in hushed tones behind me , i eyed the man . it was him . i knew him from before . we grew up together , went to school together , broke bread together . i thought he d died when it all began . i was relieved . one of us had made it . but what i saw in him i could nt see reflected in his eyes . he just looked at me and then his pack . it s me , i thought . please , say that you know me . newline newline the others were getting excited . maps , supplies , ammunition were all hidden away in this scavenger s bag . everyone showed their ecstasy except me . one of us took the handgun and gave it to me . they whispered to me . as they gathered his things and walked away , i stood alone , left with the daunting task of putting him to grass . some part of me wished i had nt seen his face , but another part screamed survival . if i let him go , these men would nt trust me . they d cast me out or worse kill me . tears brought my gun to the man s head . newline newline in the final moment something lit in his eyes . i squeezed . newline newline  alex .  he whispered before his head cocked back and fell . what have i done ?tim cook paced back and forth at the head of the conference table surrounded by the brightest minds at apple . newline newline newline  you must have something jony ! you ve been telling us next week  for 3 months now !  newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline jony ive , chief design officer at apple inc. , looked tattered and torn . he had nt shaved in a month and his clothes were covered in coffee stains . newline newline newline  i can make prototypes all day long , i do make prototypes all day long , but if there s no fake mockups to go on then i m just spittin  in the wind .  newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  what if we bring the wheel back ? i really liked that on the first ipod .  piped up craig federighi , apple s senior vice president of software engineering .  it was so much easier dealing with a hardware scroller ...  newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  are you kidding ?  asked a visibly upset phil schiller , senior vice president of marketing .  we re supposed to move forward not backwards ! ! ! i ca nt sell nostalgia ! we might as well make a portable cassette player and call it the iman !  newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  we could easily do it , the wheel i mean ,  replied bob mansfield , a hardware engineer and former senior vice president ,  i have some mockups in my office i can get ...  newline newline newline cook cut him off .  damn it bob ! i thought we took all your tools away ? ! ?  newline newline newline bob lowered his head .  you did . i kept some of my daughter s play doh ...  newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  this is just great ,  cook said throwing his arms in the air ,  we re a month away from launch and jony is making phones out of shrinky dinks , craig wants to literally reinvent the wheel , and bob s making dials out of silly putty !  newline newline newline  play doh , not silly putty .  bob said quietly . newline newline newline  i use a very advanced titanium alloy laced with shrinky dinks , not just shrinky dinks .  jony added . newline newline newline  you mean figuratively reinvent , not literally . it s easy to mix the two up . let me show you an example ...  craig said as he got up from his chair . newline newline newline  i swear to god craig if you do nt sit right back down i will literally bite your head off !  newline newline newline  yes sir . yes sir . and that time you used it right .  craig replied softly as he sat back down . newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  how are the commercials coming phil ?  cook asked in desperation . newline newline newline  oh they re fine like always . selling a feeling was one of steve s greatest marketing ideas . show a mountain or a field , people smiling and dancing , anything really and you ve got your commercial . i just need the frickin  spinning product reveal at the end .  newline newline newline  i m glad i can count on someone to do their job . thank you phil .  cook patted him on the back . newline newline newline  as for the rest of you ...  newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline cook stopped as he saw joe , a veteran apple intern , running towards the conference room . newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  i ve got something ! i ve got something !  joe shouted triumphantly as he bursted into the room . newline newline newline  it s ... it s ...  joe needed a second to catch his breath . newline newline newline cook comforted him .  it s ok joe , take your time .  newline newline newline  ok ... ok ... you guys remember titanic right ?  joe asked . newline newline newline  oh ! a shrinky dink ship ! that s fantastic !  jony exclaimed .  you could market that like crazy phil ! think of all the puns !  newline newline newline  no , not the ship mr. ives , you re close , but i mean the movie titanic .  newline newline newline eddy cue , senior vice president of internet software and services took his chance to speak up . newline newline newline  we ve had that on itunes for years already . this is nt new .  newline newline newline  no , not selling the movie ,  joe rolled his eyes slightly at eddy while regaining his composure . newline newline newline  i love that movie !  bob said cheerfully . the others in the room looked at him with disdain . newline newline newline  what ? my wife and kids watch it all the time . near , far , whereever you are , i will ...  newline newline newline  shut up bob !  cook yelled . newline newline newline  no , no ,  joe continued ,  do you remember the scene at the end with rose and jack in the water ? well , the twitterinstablogosphere has been going on and on about how there was enough room for jack on that piece of wood . do any of you , not you bob , remember that part ?  newline newline newline  i like where you re going with this joe ...  cook said with a smile . so you expect me to believe that you can ... manipulate chance ?  newline newline a detective stood before cole , with a hand upon the table . he was in an interrogation room , in the local police department . some time before , he was arrested on suspicion of manslaughter . newline newline  that s what i said , is nt it ?  newline newline  do nt give me any lip , kid ,  the detective said .  you killed a guy . if you could do that  newline newline  you d think i would have done it , right ?  cole interrupted . though handcuffed , he still attempted to cross his arms .  i wanted to get caught .  newline newline  killing a guy s a damn easy way to get thrown in prison , yeah ,  the detective said .  so you admit to it , then ?  newline newline cole nodded . he was nt going to deny it he killed someone , plain and simple .  one thing , though .  newline newline  yeah ? what s that ?  the detective asked . he turned an ear toward cole , putting on a nonetooimpressed expression . newline newline  these handcuffs , they re well made ,  cole said , turning his hands over and back ,  but they ve got a one hundred percent chance to break if i hit them on this table , here .  he lifted his hands , and then swung them down . the handcuffs practically exploded , falling away into pieces . newline newline the detective stared for a moment , dumbfounded .  what but thats !  newline newline cole stood , pacing over toward the door . he stopped just before it , pointing a finger back toward the detective .  i ll say this once ,  he said ,  make sure every single police officer in this entire city knows not to mess with me . i killed a bum this time , just to see if i could force myself to get caught . if a cop comes after me , i ll try not to kill em , but ... you know . some people are just tenacious .  he reached for the doorknob , turned it , and stepped out into the hall .  by the way , you have a ... fifty percent chance to trip and snap your neck if you chase me .  newline newline the detective stopped moving , as soon as cole finished speaking . beads of sweat formed on his brow , and he gritted his teeth roughly . reaching for a radio , he suddenly shouted into it . newline newline  we have an escaped murderer ! cole watson , aged twenty three , dark brown hair , interrogation wing hallway ! take him out !  newline newline cole continued walking , even as a gaggle of policemen appeared at the end of the hallway , barking their pieces about  stopping  ,  freezing  , and  rights  . cole kept walking straight ahead , calmly and without hesitation .  i have ... a zero percent chance to be hit by bullets ,  he declared .  step aside .  a hail of bullets came flying down the hallway at him , yet every single one went wide and struck elsewhere in the hallway . newline newline he tapped one of their shoulders as he passed the thoroughly confused policemen .  cheers , guys . you ll hit your target next time . just not me .  newline newline a short time later , cole left the police station , surrounded by a band of highly confused cops . they tried again and again to tackle him , but somehow fell to the ground every time . eventually , they just gave up . newline newline for a number of days cole was pursued by police . at some point or another , they gave up the chase completely , deciding that the man was nt worth the massive amounts of effort . it was a given , seeing that all of their attempts at either arresting or neutralizing him went just about as poorly as the last . cole s plan to go unchallenged as he went about the city seemed to have gone off quite well . newline newline   newline newline i dunno , the first place i went was manipulating the chance for anything at all to happen  . maybe that s not the sort of probability you wanted though . the second place i thought of was video games , but that never really translates well .  link to my sub   https : www.reddit.comrprobroscis  because why not . i write stuff pretty infrequently .part 1 newline newline i sigh , and look up at my archangel .  so ... they nicknamed her faust ?  newline newline  yes . according to her unit captain she had the devil s own luck , survived more then 15 ieds over there without more then second degree burns and minor cuts , bruises , and scrapes .  newline he blinks once , slowly , accessing a part of her file that as a new recruit i am not yet authorized to look at .  she was originally assigned a devil . least torment from the circle of anger . newline her father abused her as a child , and she developed anger problems that he helped nudge overboard at just the right times .  he blinks again , turning the pages of her life story , digesting and deciding what else i needed to know . newline  after her third tour , she was dishonorably discharged for gutting a fellow soldier ...  he trailed off as he could see the quick look of horror that must have passed across my face . newline  ... and claiming the voice of god told her to do it .  newline newline  ok , so she s the really violent type . why am i being called here if she s already got her spirit assigned ?  i asked , leaning slightly forward . this woman was dangerous . just my type . newline newline  because  he started , letting his words drip with authority  you are one of the more promising new recruits in the ...  he paused , sighed , and then continued , the authority draining out of his sentence with every word ,  greyer areas .  newline  top marks in defense , offense , and soul sensitivity , but on the low end for most of the virtues .  newline newline i shrug . i d heard it all before .  so you re saying i was chosen because i m the closest thing we have up here to a demon .  newline newline  yes . you ve been chosen because after she was discharged her demon did nt call in with those below for 2 months .  he scowled , irritation clear on his face , and continued  they sent another one , from violence this time .  newline newline  hmm . that s some escalation , to go up two full circles in one jump .  newline newline  not just two circles . they upgraded her from a a least to a lesser . big guy down there did nt want anything going sideways , last time that happened the big man himself stepped in , and it was not pretty .  newline i kept my face blank , not allowing him to see the fact i knew what he was talking about . everyone in the academy was told the stories of that day , when the big man hit the reset button . newline  two weeks later the lesser torment vanished . no traces , so they asked us to send an angel . we sent one that vanished after a week .  he sighed again , slowly and deeply sad . newline  after that incident we had to escalate to the second sphere council . they decided to send a team . a great torment of the circle of violence and a power of kindness were sent . they vanished in four days .  newline i barely believed him . a power working with a great torment , and both of them vanishing ? it was unheard of .  so if they vanished , why are you sending me ? a power far outclasses a rookie just graduated from angel  newline newline  normally you would be correct .  he pulled out a small box , graven with the divine names of the seven virtues , the ten archangels , the son , the father , and the holy spirit . newline i gasped , unable to help myself . this was an artifact , made by god himself during the raw divine work of creating the world .  i am hereby authorized to appoint you , guardian angel vasa , as a second sphere , dominion class .  newline he reached across the desk that separated us , put his hand on my shoulder , and quietly said  good luck , and godspeed .  before handing me the box . i could barely stand , the pure divine will flowing out of this unspeakably precious newline artifact flowing over me as i opened the lid and saw an orb of light sitting inside it . steeling myself , i grabbed it , and was transformed .i was always a toy lover , i ve been collecting all the toys i could find since i was a kid . my mom always thought i was childish , i mean , what eighteen year old still has a toy collection ? ! i did nt care about what other people thought , those toys were there for me when nobody else was . those toys were my escape , they were my friends , and i always felt a special connection with those toys . i did nt fit in at school , i did nt have any friends , i sat in school all day , daydreaming about my toys and all the adventures they could go on . today at school , we were told to write a story about something we love , so of course i wrote about my toys . i wrote a story about the toys coming to life to fight against forces of evil . those toys , in a way , did provide that sense of protection . whenever i was playing with them , i always felt safe . the teacher was looking around the room for someone to share their story and her eyes locked with mine and i knew that she was going to ask me to share my story . i got up and told my story and everyone laughed at me . i was embarrassed , humiliated , they did nt know what those toys meant to me . newline newline i ran home that day after school , hoping that nobody would ask me about my story , and they did nt . i ran up to my room and locked the door . i rummaged through my toys and grabbed my favorite ones . i let my writing come to life , reenacting the story i had written in class with my toys . my mom was coming up the stairs , so i quickly threw my toys back into the container , but i forgot about one of them . when my mom opened the door , she saw my one toy soldier laying on the floor , and she said ,  you re still playing with those stupid toys ! ?  i told her that i was nt , that i was just cleaning up my room , but of course that was a lie . i went to sleep right after , because i was embarrassed , and i had a really bad day . that night when i went to sleep , i had a dream about the story i wrote . it was a strange dream though ... my toys came to life while i was sleeping to protect me . i always wished that my toys were real , because i know that they would love me . i did nt really have anyone to rely on , or befriend , that s why those toys became my world . newline newline i woke up in the middle of the night , which was unusual , i was usually a heavy sleeper . i looked around my room for something that might have woke me up and i noticed one of my toys laying on the bed next to me . i was fairly certain that i did nt put it there ... but as i went to pick it up to put it back in the container , it leaped out of my hand . then it started talking to me ... was i still dreaming ? i was nt sure , but i just went along with it . the toy told me that every night they ve been fighting off creatures . creatures ? toys coming to life ? maybe the medicine i took earlier tonight was finally getting to me ... i would nt have believed any of this , until i saw a demon emerge from the container i kept my toys in . i saw my toys fighting off this creature and i ran out of my room screaming , waking up my mother . my mother asked me what was wrong and i told her exactly what was wrong , but i knew she would never believe me . i told her to go into my room and look around ... at eighteen that seemed juvenile , but i was terrified . my mother rolled her eyes at me , but she still went up to my room to look around . of course she found nothing and she told me to go back to sleep . i could nt sleep at all that night , i just stared at that container of toys . newline newline the next day i woke up and got ready for school . for once , i actually anticipated school , because i knew that i was safe from those creatures at school . when the day was over , i dreaded my return home . i was terrified that the creature would come out again . i got home , walked slowly to my room , i found my mom at the top of the stairs coming out of my room .  what s in your hands  ? i asked her .  these toys need to go ! i m tired of your crazy antics , these toys have been a nuisance !  my mom was getting rid of the only things that meant something and the only things that protected me . i begged her not to throw them out , i told her that those toys were fighting creatures at night and i needed them there because i did nt know what would happen if they were nt there . my mom scoffed and said ,  you re an adult , it s time to grow up !   but , mom !  i said ,  i would like to grow up , that s why i really need those toys in my room !  my mom laughed and told me that i was being childish . newline newline that night , i laid down in my bed , i was fearful . my toys were no longer there to fight those creatures . i had no idea what would happen now . somehow i fell asleep , but i heard a bunch of noise coming from the side of my bed . a dark figure emerged and all i could do was watch it take form . it got bigger and bigger and uttered the words ,  your toys are gone now and so is your life .  what was left to do ? i had to accept that those toys were the only thing that could save me and they re not here anymore . the creature smiled and said ,  this is what a demon looks like , are you scared  ? i nodded my head and the demon said one last thing to me ,  you think you re scared now ? just wait until you see where you re going next !  now my mom does nt have a daughter anymore . all because she thought i was being childish . all because she thought those toys were stupid . were those toys stupid , mom , we re they ! ?seth stood in shackles before the king .  you have angered the gods for the last time !  his high priest declares . stubborn as he ever was , he looked to the sky and defiantly replied ,  prove it.  newline newline the high priest went ballistic . he was shouting but it was falling on deaf ears . a sliver of vulgarity nearly escaped his lips . seth spied the corner of the king  s lips turn upward for just a moment , before returning to his usual expression of regal solemnity . newline newline  i have heard from the heavens ,  the high priest blurted out .  you shall be struck by lightning by the end of the month !  newline newline  indeed , i shall , but only if you tie me to a metal pole taller than anything in its vicinity . my weather department has already issued an advisory to the farmers predicting heavy thunderstorms by the end of the month . now i see that you believe in science too . you may not be a lost cause after all.  newline newline the high priest fell to his knees and began to pray . he was buying time to come up with his next move . seth watched him closely while feeling strangely at ease in the heavy shackles . the blood of its previous occupants defined the scars in the little scratches and crevices . he wasn  t struggling , he was on the attack . to seal his fate , first they needed to seal his mouth . newline newline the priest stood again and began to laugh .  the gods have decreed . you will die of a mysterious death in the cells . such is your fate.  he spat the last words out of his mouth . newline newline  i will like this to be put on record . if it truly happens as such , i would have been murdered by the high priest . he is still unable to show proof of his connection to divinity and is diverting our attentions elsewhere . i am not a nonbeliever of the gods . i merely do not believe in the high priest s selfproclaimed prowess as a messenger , and if the gods would have me killed for that , surely they would first show us irrefutable proof of the high priest  s devoutness and prowess.  newline newline that was when the king stood from his throne , killing off the high priest  s next retort .  i do think the debate has been captivating . is it not ?  he put his hands together , and the applause from the hundreds of subjects rocked the walls of the grand royal hall . newline newline  now , neither of them is wrong . they are merely gods  followers in their own right . myopic as we are , we do not see the beauty of harmony among the phenomena of the world . but while they are lacking , they are not sinners . they shall not die for this lack , because the gods are benevolent . are they not , high priest ?  newline newline  indeed they are ,  he made a show of raising his hands to the skies , falling to his knees , giving a deep bow in the direction of the king and kissing the floor . it was probably meant to signify the grace of the heavens , or something . newline newline  guards , free this man . let us three retreat to my office for further studies of the gods  grace . the rest of you are dismissed.  newline newline they gave a collective bow to the king and shuffled out of the hall . newline newline seth was fuming as he followed the guards to the king  s office . he knew the king saw his point , but let the priest get away with it again . the citizenry and the students will continue to be misled by madeup gods and their wants . newline newline  your majesty   the high priest began . newline newline  high priest ,  the king cut in ,  your show of prowess was enchanting indeed . i am humbled by the gods and will consult with you separately about it.  newline newline the priest was visibly taken aback but recovered quickly ,  as you wish , your majesty.  he backed his way out of the room . newline newline after the door closed shut with the echoing weight of finality , the king was the first to speak . newline newline  seth , you almost died out there.  newline newline  i was doing just fine . i had the priest in a corner . and if i died revamping our education system to focus on science rather than makebelief , it would be worthwhile ,  seth said , before adding ,  your majesty.  newline newline the king sat down and gestured for seth to take a seat on the opposite side of his study table .  seth , tell me : the high priest is a fool , is he not ?  newline newline  indeed he is ,  seth answered quiety , not looking at the king . newline newline  how do you think such a fool got to this position of power ?  newline newline seth was about to answer , then caught himself . he closed his mouth again , realization coming to his eyes . newline newline  leave the fool be , seth . i am only human , and the people will lose faith in me at times . but they will not lose faith in almighty beings that are sung about in songs and scriptures . and most importantly , the fool is harmless while i  m here.  newline newline  your majesty.  seth stood from the chair and knelt in front of the king . he had been a fool himself .this was the last time edgar would be bullied again . newline newline ivan  skull  skulczyck was the meanest motherfucker in the entire school district and he made sure to remind anyone who he thought needed reminding . skull acted out a lot in elementary , this led them to the decision that boxing might give him an outlet to deal with his anger . they were half right , it made it easier for him to put the onetwo together on his victims more seamlessly . edgar was one of his many victims , having first met him at the boxing gym in middle school , however this summer he d hit a growth spurt that put him at 62 and about 215 pounds . before that he was 5  nothing and played the role of punching bag to that cumguzzler skull who d always been big for his age since edgar knew him . newline newline edgar s first day of the 11th grade went smoothly , just as he d expected , but he was anticipating his walk home to be a little bumpier . after edgar had left the gym in the 9th grade skull missed his punching bag so much he decided to intercept him after school for a little  sparing   sparing just meant a minute of edgar pushed up against a wall while skull pulverized his face  . this became a bit a tradition for them after school . today would be no different as skull waited patiently at the mouth of the alley that stood between red s pharmacy and an recently opened auto parts store . newline newline the few steps before edgar rounded the corner he stopped for a second . he was afraid . it passed and he turned the corner past red s and towards the alley where he knew that son of a bitch was waiting ,  i know you re there asswipe ,  edgar said to the alley s entrance . the alley responded by conjuring a blonde , square jawed , stocky teen . ivan  skull  skulczyck . the surprise in ivan s eyes was all edgar needed to regain the little bit of confidence he lost a moment ago . newline newline ivan charged at the now taller edgar throwing a huge right hand as soon as the former victim was in range . edgar threw up his guard as swayed away from the punch which barely missed its mark , allowing for edgar to throw a right straight directly at ivan s nose . he swatted the punch away and a left jab crashed into edgar s cheek bone and edgar responded with a two hook combination to the body . the two punches made ivan wince giving edgar the chance to land a crushing uppercut to the skull s skull , dropping him . edgar waited patiently for his former bully to get back to his feet . instead ivan crawled towards the alley before working his way to his feet and running . newline newline edgar followed the pathetic douchebag and ran face first into a trashcan lid . the warmth of the crimson liquid ran down his face , and suddenly he felt a sharp pain in his side as ivan dug his sneaker into edgar s rib he let out a weak gasp ,  you re still a little whiny bitch eddie ,  the bully taunted . newline newline ivan kept taunting and cursing at edgar who turned his back to him trying to recover from the pain of his broken nose and hurt ribs  edgar feels something pressing against his shoulder against the ground , not something , a rock ! he grabs the rock , this much needed dues ex machina and flung it blindly and through some divine intervention , in his favor , hit ivan right between his eyes dropping him . edgar struggled to his feet while ivan was stilling coming to and drunkenly stumbled towards him kicking him right in the bits , even in his semiconscious state was hoping he d leave him a eunuch . the kick woke ivan up who let out a yelp in pain . edgar still dizzy fell on his butt . newline newline both fighters were about as physically done as two people could be , but edgar needed to shed this identity of chump and forced himself to his feet . ivan used the wall as crutch trying to get to his feet , edgar decided against it . he pushed ivan to the floor ,  i m not your punching bag . do you hear me you asshole ? !  his voice cracked he yelled so hard . he began to kick him repeatedly , weeping with rage . the  skull  was no more , not to edgar anyway when he began to weep too , only his weeping was in pain and submission . newline newline  i m sorry , i m sorry , i m sorry ,  ivan repeated in his hoarse and tear filled throat . long after edgar had walked home ivan repeated those two words . not enough to satisfy his victims , but almost . newline newline general , sir !  newline  what is it ?  newline  the chinese have invented a new laser . it is capable of destroying a tank at 8 miles .  newline  jesus christ ! thats .6 miles farther than our best lasers . how did they do it ?  newline  i do nt know sir , but our scientists speculate they refined their optic systems , and prisms  newline  how the fuck did the chinese get better crystals than us ? ! ? !  newline  prisms , sir . crystals are scifi .  newline  whatever . are they accurate ?  newline  according to our intel , their laser tanks can hit a tank sized object at full distance , travelling 50 miles per hour , while the target is travelling 60 miles per hour  newline  god , that is impressive .  newline  what are we going to do sir ?  newline  all airborne weaponry and craft have been rendered ineffectual due to laser air defense systems . on flat terrain , with a clear line of sight , the person who can shoot the farthest wins . we still have nt developed a mirror armor that is able to redirect enough energy to be effective . the only weakness of the laser is line of sight .  newline  so ... we should ... put mountains between us and the enemy ?  newline  do nt be stupid .  newline  big piles of dirt ?  newline  what was the laser absorption rate of dirt again ?  newline  pretty high , sir  newline  hmm ... so we get earth movers , that push big piles of dirt in front of them , until we get close enough to the enemy , and then what ?  newline  foot soldiers run up the dirt mound and shoot their lasers down on the enemy .  newline  god , that sounds so stupid , it might work . get high command on the line . i want to hold a meeting to discuss my plan .  newline  it was actually my plan , sir  newline  do nt make me ... fine , i ll give you a promotion .  newline  very well sir , thank you i found the  little black box   http : www.apogeekits.comimagesdinrailprojectboxvpb108.jpg  while checking the inflation on the left front tire . newline newline somebody had slapped up it inside the wheel well , and a heavyduty rare earth magnet kept the box in place . newline newline leaving it undisturbed , i aired up the tirewith at least enough air to make the dashboard idiot light go out . until i figured out the box , it seemed best to leave it be .  newline newline the box had a shop built look to it , not something slick from a lab or factory . that thing began life in somebody s basement . whose basement ?  newline newline in size , the box came in midway between an orange and a grapefruit . and its location ruled out a bomb . a bomb belongs under the driver s seat  or on the fuel tank .  newline newline the box did nt have any wires feeding into it , so it had to be selfpowered . and it did nt have anything like an antenna , so it was nt an rf bug or gps tracker . newline newline popping the tire gauge into the console cup holder , i turned the ignition keyand the other box , the grey one hidden in the airbag recess , fired . newline newline i d missed the fucking claymore mine . i crumpled the congratulations letter in my hand , staring long and hard into the fire . at last , i could nt take it any more , and i went off ,  christmas cookies are the most horrid creations on this whole dang planet . i have honestly tried to eat them , since the kids lay them out every time on the job , but just looking at them makes me sick . i just ca nt get anything to stick to this bony frame . i mean look at me ! i know what the kids want is a jolly round old saint nick , but i m just not . where did that whole thing even start ? elves are naturally slender . and despite their claims , nobody , not nobody , has actually seen me . can you name one ? no . i m just a ghost of an old man with too many bones poking every which way from staying up late in the workshop .  i stopped .  i m sorry , i do nt mean to go off on you honey , i just think this is for the best .  newline newline my wife looked me over with her loving crinkled eyes and just gave me a smile .  okay dear .  but i knew what that meant . newline newline  dangit , just say it . just say it ! you do nt want me to get the surgery .  i waved a finger at her and paced the floor . i had to pull up my britches a bit to keep them from slipping any lower .  the children could love a fat santa , but you never could .  newline newline she used that voice that she always does when she s trying to take care of a hurt elf ,  you always go back and forth on this . back and forth . you know i could grow to love a round belly .  newline newline i turned sharply to face her . my nostrils flared as i took in a long breath .  do nt you tell me that . do nt you lie to me .  i shook my head and looked over the rug . after some thought , i said at last ,  and what about getting down the chimney ? how am i suppose to do that if i m fat ? hm ?  newline newline she lay a hand on my shoulder .  you ll find a way with your magic . you always do . what about those narrow flumes ? and the kids with no chimneys ? they gave you no trouble .  newline newline  and my knees ! they creak already as it is . think if i put on a hundred more pounds .  newline newline i could barely look her in the eye . oh , but her smile ! it could warm the heart of jack frost himself . her warm hand lifted my chin and led me to the old leather chair by the fire .  now dear , think . you re santa . you ll be able to handle just about anything . it s up to you what you want to do . but i know how long it takes you each morning to get past that mirror .  she pointed to the looking glass mirror above the fireplace . i stared long and hard into that thin frame of a man s eyes . somewhere in there , a spark grew , and rose , like a great yuletide fire . newline newline i lept to my feet .  i ll do it ! i ll spend the lottery money on the surgery .  newline newline  that s my santa .  my dear wife paused .  but how will you go collect the money ? should i go ?  newline newline i smiled the old chris kringle smile as i put on my fur coat .  do nt worry , no one will recognize this willowy old nick .  as i reached the door , i added ,  but by tomorrow , everyone will recognize santa claus .  this is your third visit , mr. thunder . anything i can do for you ?  newline newline janus eyed the girl behind the counter . he was tempted to ask for inspiration . maybe he should ask for a quicky in the back . she looked old enough ... newline newline  just another go with that guitar please .  newline newline the cashier nodded and pulled a key out of the register . she walked with a sway , the subtle motion janus knew too well . brook used to walk that way for him . at the back of rouble s strings and things she handed him the gibson flying v. he fiddled with the tuning , unsure of what to do next . newline newline  start with a chord progression  said a man s voice from nearby . janus spotted the voice s source behind the racks of amplifiers and assorted speakers . newline newline he was nt short exactly . more small than short , thought janus . the man s spotted dome , and thick glasses assured janus the man who made keytar sexy  was not the oldest man in the room . janus began to play . newline newline he fumbled a bit , at first . his hands still remembered the feel of a keyboard beneath them from that morning s recording session , but they warmed up to the strings readily enough . janus played the scale faster . the little callus on each fingertip itched a bit , then felt comfortably numb . janus played . newline newline the old man nodded in time to the scale .  not bad ,  he said ,  not great though . your grip needs help . you wrap your wrist too tightly . loosen up . ah , much better .  newline newline janus stopped playing and stared at the old man .  you know , i do nt need your lessons ,  newline newline the old man shrugged .  help is wasted on the helpless . that guitar is no longer for sale .  newline newline shocked , janus stared at the man .  do you know who i am ?  newline newline the man shrugged .  a customer . do you know who i am ?  newline newline janus suppressed the urge to put his fist through the old man s face . newline newline  he s the store s owner  whispered the cashier . both men glared at her . she scurried back to the front desk , her sway forgotten . newline newline  how much do you want for it ?  demanded janus . newline newline the old man tapped his chin , seeming to consider the petulant pop star s offer .  nothing . it s not for sale .  newline newline janus felt his cheeks flush .  i take it you ve never heard of libertine belle ?  newline newline the old man nodded .  the solo halfway through trials of the hierophant is legendary . their lead singer is a ponce though .  newline newline janus tightened his grip on the guitar s frets . he had written that solo . dreamed the whole song actually , recorded it in one go . so simple . so haunting . newline newline janus argued with the geezer . the more rouble s owner insulted him , the more certain janus became he would get his way . it was simple : he wanted the guitar . janus thunder always had his way . as the situation escalated , janus bit down on his lower lip hard enough to draw blood . he tasted salt , and a trickle ran down his chin . his rage cracked , then crumbled , then turned to despair . newline newline  i m sorry son , you re just not right for that guitar . it s nothing against you personally . i just ca nt sell it to you .  with that , the old man gently took the flying v from janus s hands and went into the store s back room . by force of will , janus left the store without putting his foot through an amp . newline newline hands stuffed into his pockets , the rock star stalked down florida avenue . he passed palm trees and shop fronts . he passed what he assumed to be a portable toilet for policemen . he passed the park where the mime had been the day before . he saw a homeless man with his dog , both parked on a bench . the dog growled as janus passed .  bad , bad dog . behave wolf ,  grunted the hobo . newline newline the rest of his walk was uneventful . unfortunately that gave him plenty of time to brood . no price tag , yet the old man let customers try it out ? a custom checker pattern ? janus had offered ludicrous amounts of money . he needed that flying v , if he was ever going to win brook back . the flying v was her favorite from gibson . she d asked him to someday buy her one early on in their relationship . things had moved so fast then : so many venues , parties , odd jobs between shows . if only janus could turn back the clock . newline newline the guitar would work . he would go back after the next day s recording session , and the next day , and the next day . as many times as it took to make brook love him again . newline newline when janus arrived at his villa just outside the orange groves , he found the house empty . brook s clothes were gone . worse still , the picture of janus and brook lay face down on the nightstand beside their empty bed .emma morano newline newline from wikipedia , the free encyclopedia newline newline emma martina luigia morano  born 29 november 1899  is an italian supercentenarian who is , at the age of 421 years , 18 days , the world s oldest living person , and the last verified living person to have been born in the 20th century . at present , she is expected to live to be at least 1600 years old . newline newline following development of the evrlyfe system in the early 2000s , which allowed for the donation of living years and legalized assisted suicide , emma  who was , at the time , the oldest living human  was the first to receive anonymous donation of living years . between then and four years later when the policy of anonymous donation was abolished , emma received more than 500 donations , granting her approximately 1500 years of additional living years . newline newline emma it accredited with the saying  a life is best shared .  , which became evrlyfe s slogan . newline newline emma is thought to be living in the colony on io , though she has gone to great lengths to keep her location a secret , both to avoid public contact and just in case more people wish to extend her life further .i never thought my luck would run out . newline newline in high school i was the most popular kid in school after i placed first in the district 400m race . i was the only person who finished  all the other contestants tripped in the final stretch . newline newline freshman year of college , my fraternity brothers dared me to steal the school mascot , a northwestern jive turkey , from the dean s office . i found an open window into the dean s office and grabbed the turkey , but it broke free from my grip when i was trying to climb back out . it ran into the highway and got hit by a car , which just so happened to be the dean . he was so distraught he shot himself just three months later . newline newline now i ve graduated and i work for lehman brothers , and life could nt be better . i am the top trader in my department , which is mortgage securities that i trade in the foreign market . i work hard and i get paid well for it . people at work call me  lucky jim  because i never make a bad trade . in the ten years i ve worked here , everyone else has been fired and replaced except me . it s like i can do no wrong . newline newline one day i get a call from hank watskin , the chairman of the board , who asks me to pay him a visit . i accept . hank tells me that the higherups have noticed the superb quality of my work and they want to reward me . i tell him i m honored . he gives me a contract to sign and tells me to enjoy my new office . i am officially the new executive vice president of the trading department . i tripled my salary in one day . i went home to my wife and shared the great news with her which we celebrated vigorously . newline newline the next day i come in to the sound of shredders and panic . i find tom in his office and ask what the hell is going on .  we ve declared bankruptcy ,  he says .  we re all royally fucked .   holy shit ,  i think to myself . there s no way this is real . one minute i m on top of the world and the next minute i m losing my job ! what the hell ! this ca nt be happening . newline newline i stride to my office and check my messages . calls of panic from almost every trader on the floor . i listened to a few and skipped the rest . there s nothing i can do to help them now . my head sinks into my hands and i clutch my hair , trying to make sense of all this . then it hits me  i have a contract ! there has to be some sort of provision in case the shit hits the fan .  500k severance package in case of termination . that ll work . better call goldman and see if they re hiring .i could stop . i could stop . really , i could stop . i should stop . newline newline one more pill . just this one , i promise . newline newline no no no , you do nt understand . we got married ! two kids ! we had that nice house with the picket fence that he always wanted , and that sweet , sweet neighbor that always bakes pies ! and he celebrated his 40th birthday with us ! it was great ! i have the pictures right here ... newline newline wait , haha , one sec , its somewhere here . no , for real , hang on . newline newline anyway , we took that trip to europe , just before venice got flooded , and we did those underwater trips ! it was fantastic ! newline newline what ... no , no , it was real ! it was real , okay ? it was real ! newline newline why ... shut up . shutupshutupshutup ! just shut up ! what s wrong with you ? ! get ... no no no ! take your hands off the pill ! give it to me ! newline newline i got ta go back ! come on man ... just this last one ... please ...this was the final night . newline newline the final night he would be able to fly his gryphon around stormwind . the final night he could make laps around shattrath . the last time he could dive bomb into the horde areas in dalaran . the very last time he could see all the brightly colored , beautifully rendered vistas of pandaria . newline newline this was it . newline newline faintly he could still hear the echoes of lfm ,  and lfg .  all those faces , gone now . only the most desperately lost are still attempting to form groups for one last hurrah . but it will all be over at midnight , pacific standard time . newline newline the places he had been . the challenges he had met still echo back to him . upper blackrock caverns , with the first sight of nefarian . molten core , where he plumbed the depths of azeroth to attune , in order to destroy ragnaros . the pulls , the wipes ... oh the kills and clears still ring clearly in his mind now as if it were yesterday . newline newline to blackwing lair , to aq20  40 . then to the outlands ! oh the raiding there . he prepared long and well , and the clears , the server first clears ! the only reward needed was recognition , how sublime ... newline newline how joyeous the game had been . the friends he had made , those who drifted away ... but there s nothing for it now . it s over . newline newline everyone gathers in all the hub cities , and look up to the sky . the end of it all was coming . for some there would be pain , others release . he s not sure how he ll feel until it happens . newline newline the last minute . it crawls by with anticipated dread . he looks around and there are so many there who do nt want it to go . and in that last moment , he realizes he s among them . newline newline and then ... nothing ... newline newline ... newline newline newline ... newline newline newline ... newline newline newline and then he logs into the new blizzard game ! where they ve helpfully saved all his mounts , that he can use in the new game ! and all his pets are there , retaining their pet battle levels ! and every model has been updated ! it all looks so shiney , so sleek ! there are queues for everything he could desire ! heirlooms that function in relatively the same way they did in wow also exist here ! oh staff of jordan ! how he had missed its simple elegance ! newline newline oh and look up there now ! there s a helpful notification for a black market auction house ! where he can spend real money to buy things from other players , huzzah ! and he can buy boosts , and cosmetic upgrades right inside the client , oh happy day , happy day indeed !he was done . newline newline just done . everything had gone wrong . everything was a mess even after all the careful planning he d done . newline newline it s not your fault , people told him . you just wanted to help . it was nt your fault that things turned out like this . newline newline he decided that he agreed . it was nt going to be his fault from now on . he d flip a coin , leave it to chance , fate , or whatever ruled the world . newline newline on a flip of a coin , he journeyed far from his homestead , travelling across the land . it was simple , gratifying , free at first . out on the open road with nothing but a simple horse to care for , he felt free for the first time in his life . newline newline however , it was nothing but a temporary escape at best how can one truly escape himself ? newline newline he saw great things on the road , beautiful and terrible . he flipped a coin , ignoring beggars in the streets . he flipped a coin , passing by banditstruck caravans . newline newline he used a coin a most precious coin , granted to his family by the septerian some ancient relic of a long forgotten kingdom . it was supposed to guide his way . newline newline eventually he met her in a tavern at the base of a great mountain . newline newline her eyes lit up when she saw his coin . she d flipped it and eventually she d ended up here , she said . newline newline  but i do nt use it anymore .  she laughed . newline newline he was surprised ,  why not ?  newline newline she held out her own coin , a similar relic . she slid it across the table , passing it to him .  because i do nt need it to live anymore .  newline newline he looked at her .  how ?  newline newline she laughed , rising from the table ,  keep travelling . keep looking around and trying everything . if you can find me again without those ancient coins , then you ll know .  newline newline he did chase after her and on one fine day when the sun was right and the skies were clear , he met her again in the great city of the king . newline newlinei ve had what you could call an easy life . well with my special ability and all , people are my puppets . i know what they are thinking what they re about to do and how they are going to do . i can manipulate this in every which way . getting everything you want can become draining you might say but , for me it is pure bliss . well at least it was easy until i met her . newline newline she was the most beautiful woman i had ever seen pure black hair , the face of a model , and the assets of a porn star . now , because of my ability i ve had enough sex to make king solomon jealous , this time i considered special . i wanted to take her out and love her and you know what i did or , tried . i approached her and was about to start the conversation when i realized the impossible i could nt  read  her . i was bambi after his mom s death , she was a wild card and i was a reluctant gambler . i quickly tried to save myself from failure , it went about as well as invading russia in winter . newline newline in my defeat i played the shy silent type and scooted away red in the face , perplexed and terrified . how could this have happened were my first thoughts , i thought i had lost my ability . quickly reading a passerby proved me wrong so at least i had that . newline newline home was the only place i could go after this to regain my composure . i shakily opened my front door and ran to my bedroom . lying down thousands of thoughts crossed my head , the intense thinking and increasing anxiety quickly toke it s toll on my stamina and fatigue thoroughly set in . sleep , that was it , i could clear my head and hopefully feel better . as i lay there sleep slowly reaching across my brain a voice rang out in my head . newline newline  nice try i do nt know why i agreed to this challenge . i have more than enough money to never sleep again , but i let them convince me to go through with this . rather , i let 2 billion dollars convince me newline newline last week , my friend called and told me that he knew some guys who would pay 2 billion dollars to anyone who could survive 2 weeks without the pills .  just sleep every night for 2 weeks . if you wake up the morning of the 15th day , you get 2 billion dollars  he said , and fool that i am i said yes . newline newline it s been 10 days . at first there was nothing . it was like the first two nights the monsters were nt even there . the third night i started noticing something strange at the edge of my vision . by the 6th night i was being followed by a shadowy figure . every night since it has gotten clearer and clearer . last night i could see bloodshot eyes , a mouth full of razor sharp teeth , bloody claws , and matted fur . as the creature gets clearer it also gets closer . with all that detail last night , i also realized that it is only a few feet away . newline newline tonight , i m planning on going in prepared . i ve been studying lucid dreaming and have had minor successes in the last week , an unlocked door , a flashlight , changing the color of my clothes , things like that . i wanted to wait to try and create a weapon until i had done some bigger things , but i think tonight is the night it gets me . i have to fight it tonight . newline newline my eyes are getting heavy now . it s about time to try and survive . if i do nt wake up in the morning i guess we know how well lucid dreaming worked for me .chris boyer was never caught . rumor has it , he ran away to russia where he could escape from his government . occasionally , people report that they saw him walking through innercity alleyways with his trademark ronald mcdonald wig , but there has been no publicly released evidence to give validity to any claims . the women that boyer brainwashed remain in a psychiatric ward still to this day  unable to stop themselves from yelling  need more cowbell !  every 3 minutes . newline newline as for me ? 15 years since he was first on the run from the law , i remain chris boyer s biggest fan . the tattoo on my left forearm is his most recognizable quote :  the feds ca nt stop this movement . mcdonalds will always live in the hearts and minds of americans .  the only man who had the nerve to fight michelle obama s drone strikes on all mcdonalds restaurants will never be forgotten . just because boyer is nt here does nt mean the spirit of his mission has ceased to exist . if it had ceased , then me and the other members of the rebellion would nt still be here . would we ?oh boy here comes one ! shupert the great said in excitement . nervously he stayed still knowing the rules of the game . every player must initiate the conversation ... never the other way around . newline newline  cmon ... cmon ... stupid chickens  . newline newline he stared at the player zooming left and right whacking the poor little chickens around him . newline newline  stupid player ! i have a quest for that !  after seeing the last chicken killed ... he sighed in relief  finally  . a giant grin formed on his face awaiting the players arrival . newline newline  any minute now ... .  he said tapping his foot . watching the player like a hawk he was tempted to inch closer to him .  maybe i should throw a rock ?  he thought .  just a small pebble . that should be harmless right ? ... no no i ca nt patience shupert !  he said to himself .  i just do nt understand why is he just standi  ugh .  newline newline an afk sign appeared over the players head . newline newline sighing he began tapping his foot again he began another search . could nt they at least put us on patrol ? i hate standing here he thought to himself . newline newline over the horizon a new name plate appeared . his eyes widened in excitement .  this is the one ! he knew it . the chosen one !  his name was  theperfectionist123  .  he is coming straight for me !  newline newline did i wet myself a bit shupert thought . did i ? i ca nt check.. wait is that even possible ? i do nt know . oh no will that scare him away ! ? focus dammit focus ! he said to himself . this is it ! this is the one ! he s almost here ! newline newline theperfectionist123 stepped in front of shupert in glistening armor . it was everything he ever dreamed of . smiling again he waited.. any minute now ! puffing his chest out and sucking in a big breath of air to say his scripted lines . newline newline  poof  newline newline  what the fuck ?  shupert said out loud .  where did you go ! ? you did nt even get the quest ! ? i m not in an inn you have no benefit to leave here ! take my quest ! take iiittt ! ! said shupert running around and frantically waving his hands around .  you were supposed to be the chosen one !  newline newline  poof  gmjohn has appeared . newline newline shupert froze and dropped his script in awe .  i m sorry , i m so sorry i did nt mean to go off script please do nt ban me ! i ... i just wanted to do my part ! i  m inno newline newline  poof  theperfectionist123  has appeared newline newline  i see the issue  gmjohn says newline newline  yea i just ca nt click on him for some reason  newline newline shupert found himself reappearing onto the grass he was just standing on with his script back in his hand . newline newline  should work now anything else i can help you with ?  asked the gm newline newline  it works now thank you !  newline newline shupert felt the code fly into his head activating the quest..  ahhh finally !  after a few quick exchanges the quest was finally complete . newline newline  you did it ! he screamed in excitement . i now present to you my families sword . this has saved our lives family line for many gener wait what are you doing ! ? newline newline  bzzzzzz poof  newline newline  shuperts sword destroyed for materials  newline newline newline newline newlinethe village i sought refuge in had long been abandoned when i arrived . saplings had sprouted in the unpaved paths alongside ferns , small grass and moss . between the dilapidated houses overrun with vegetation was a single cobblestone road that led to a villa in the distance . newline newline i hurried towards it , passing by what must have been a tavern and a small shop . their signs still lay hanging on rusty chains from the eaves , but the writing and picturesque drawings had been washed out by the rain . mouldy waterfilled barrels stood in front of them along with a forgotten broom . through the broken windows and collapsed roofs i could see upside down dirty tables and a decayed counter . peeking through the glass at the open cupboard in one of the cottages , i wondered if the people who left this place in a hurry when the laylines erupted did , in fact , foolishly planned to return . newline newline with one hand on my staff and one on my pendant , i tread patiently to the large manor in the distance . there , up on a vegetation covered hill , just where the lines had converged lay a building suitable in size and whose architecture i fancied . there were only a few times when i had felt this fortunate in my very long life . newline newline if it was not for my obsession with magical landcharting , as well as my usual apprehension when walking in a place where boundaries were faded that i had not brought under my total , i would have joyously run to my destination . i was no such fool . newline newline just ahead of me stood a twitching fuzzy tentacle . there was no doubt it did not belong here though  the light of the other morning sun , the one that shone in the fading world , cast the monster s shadow in the opposite direction to our own . it was clear that the curious creature did nt have the power to enter our realm . nevertheless , stepping on its shadow meant ruining my lucky streak by inviting a bad omen . newline newline although , i was not planning on letting my presence known and taking customers before officially opening shop , i figured that rather than secretly killing this indeterminate fool , i would try to hear its plea . i encircled it with salt and chanted my default summoning . to my surprise it took the form of a cut out branch . i lifted it off the ground and rubbed my fingers gently along it . holly , huh ? although it could not talk , i felt its curiosity and its sorrow . it had brought undesired harm and hoped to atone for it . newline newline i did not need a branch too short , gnarled and bent to make a wand . i still respected its wishes enough to place it in my pouch in hope that one day a client would have some use for it . i would be probably still selling magical items at a node for the next few centuries . maybe , when i would tire of this occupation i would consider taking on an apprentice . newline newline my thought were interrupted by the apparent calmness that eroded the paved plaza in the middle of the village . too empty , i thought . the side of the houses facing that direction looked less dilapidated , as if in that area , time flowed differently . i covered the soles of my shoes in salt and approached carefully . newline newline my first instinct told me that i had to use a powerful spell to cleanse the area , but them i recalled i brought a stupid branch with me . why the hell not ? i giggled , throwing it as hard as i could towards the point where the magic was coming . it fell on its tip almost burying itself entirely in what appeared to be a cobblestone . a layer of dust fell from the roofs of the houses and the faades ages as the hexing was weakened enough for me to unaffectedly pass through . newline newline when i finally arrived at the villa it was nearing noon . to claim residence there , i encircled it and gave it a secret name . i could see inquisitive shadows approaching as i rewarped the time in order to make it look as it did in the old days . the curious creatures seemed to have taken a liking to temporal magic and i felt an atmosphere of reverence and acceptance coming from them . newline newline of course , it was midday and as the sun would set , the kind ones would be replaced by their darker brothers . for a while , a war between me and the great ones would ensue . newline newline  if you would like me to continue this story , please tell me . i also appreciate criticism . i m gon na write the best writing prompt ever . maybe about aliens , or time travel or hell . ooh this is going to be a good one . newline just need to word it ok ... newline   wp  a mysterious tall gray stranger knocks on your door one day and tells you to follow him to help shut the gates of hell in sunnydale  newline newline hmm , that one sounds a bit clich . but wait until i come up with a good writing prompt . it will get 5000 comments . the stories from it will be made into books and films . i can picture it now  sitting at the oscar s getting thanked by the new best script writer for this prompt . living it big in las vegas , tv interviews , exclusive magazine deals  that will be my life . newline newline how about : newline  wp  the first alien ship has finally landed . as the doors open you are shocked to see your old dog , scruffy , run out . newline newline not sure about this one either . but the reddit writers can figure out a story for it . maybe steven king will see the prompt and decide to write a story about it . that will work nicely ! it will get front page . wait  i ll even get reddit gold ! ! this is going to be the best day ever . newline newline man , coming up with a writing prompt is harder than it looks . what to do ? i know why not let redditors come up with the prompt ? vegas here i come ! newline newline  wp  you re trying to complete a writing prompt but keep get distracted why ?  people ask me that question a lot . why did you buy the porsche when a corvette costs the same and is faster ? for that matter , why did you buy a miata when an old bmw costs the same and is fasteris nt as gay ? why game on a console when pc is so much better and cheaper ? why game on a mac when a pc has more games ? and , of course ,  why take the time to learn a skill using an outdated method ? downloading skills is so much faster !  newline newline i looked up from my work  an outline for a novel i d been working on . my friend looked at me quizzically , wondering why i had been taking the time and effort to learn how to write the old fashioned way . he was right , downloading the skill probably would ve been faster , but there were problems . for starters , i d be using someone else s writing style , and that s no where near as entertaining as developing your own . besides , the only writing skills worth downloading are the new york times best sellers skills , and those cost way too much for me to even think of it . but there was two more reasons . i looked back down at my macbook and began to explain myself .  i like control . all a downloaded skill can give me is someone else s technique . the thing is , though , i do nt want any of the techniques on the market today , i want one that is unique to me . besides ,  i said as i closed the notebook and stood up ,  it is nt about the destination for me , it s about the journey . i smiled sweetly and sat down at the table , they had really gone for it this week with the coverup . they d even brought a little boy with a birthday hat to this one . mind you he s probably just a hostage . i subtly shuddered at the thought of children and got a few strange looks from some people there . one woman tries to make conversation with me and asks , newline  so , how do you er know vinny ?  as rehearsed , of course . newline  he comes round to my house and helps me with chores ,  once again , i do my best attempt to smile . eventually everyone stops chatting and looks at each other . i smile truly for the first time tonight . looks like it s time for business . one man in a suit begins speaking . newline  well . i think we all know why we re here .  here we go ,  it s vincent s 10th birthday !  suddenly everyone breaks into happy birthday . i sing along , i ca nt blow it , no matter how stupid i look nobody can know about our little plan . but inside i panic like hell , fuck , i think this is a real birthday party . i make my excuses and go to the bathroom which is surprisingly easy when you re an old woman . newline newline once i m in there i pull out my glock 18 and stare at it . the rooms smells of shit and i m about to throw up , but i brace myself , lock myself in a cubicle and slowly breathe . once i ve calmed down i grab my phone and make a call . newline  hey , it s jen here  newline  jen , where the hell are you ? our meeting begins in 5 minutes and you re the only one missing !  newline  i m in the toilets , i went to the wrong table and now i m at some little rat s birthday party it s too late to get out of it so i may need some form of extraction .  newline  look there s nothing we can do , you were going to be the only female here .  inside i scream in frustration . everything is going wrong . i start blabbering , if i m abandoned from this group then i know nobody will hesitate in killing me . newline  look , i ll skip this meeting and  newline  no , i can handle this , we are the mafia , we do nt get stopped by some kid s party . there s a reason we always use this chain of restaurants . i ll evacuate everyone that works here and we take anyone else down , then i bring in emergency civilians  and all returns to normal .  i smile , suddenly relaxed . jesus christ this man is prepared for everything . newline  of course , this will be consequential for you and your position in the group , but nothing too damaging .  i finally calm myself down and walk out , everything is as expected . the live band has already left and currently there is only us , the party group and several fake diners . i walk out holding my gun and as soon as they spot me the rest of the mafia follows my example the the woman that spoke to me screamed and pointed at us but before anyone else could react 6 silenced guns rang out and 6 people died . 10 people rushed in , hid the bodies and sat down , continuing the abandoned meal . i sat down at the correct table and calmly asked newline  so , what have i missed ?  newline newline note : i made this on mobile and it is basically my first writing prompt , thank you for reading and please give me feedback .not for the first time , the one they called quiver lamented the world  s utter lack of sense for the dramatic . there was no great wind to make his cloak billow like a gryphon  s wings . no sunrise to arrive with , seeing as it was evening . no sunset for him to silhouette against either , seeing as the sun was to his left and behind layers of trees anyway . there weren  t even any crickets to add a sense of mystique , scared off by the hacking cough of some damn overgrown pidgeon . newline newline still , he was undeterred . if he  d always waited for the world to humor him , he wouldn  t have gotten anywhere . or lived this long , really . in his line of work , it paid to be a bit of a scoundrel . and when push came to shove , quiver was a lot of a scoundrel . his chosen path was hard to see , in no small part on account of not , strictly speaking , existing . but he knew the way , and failing that , he relied on his nose and instincts . newline newline after all , he had to be in the right spot at the right time . eventually , he arrived . and due to an utter lack of dramatic timing , and a healthy dose of practicality , he spent the next half hour watching the sky darken and the forest orchestra finally switch from a crow with halitosis to a badly tuned cricket choir , before progressing to a fullon terribly tuned cricket battery . newline newline thankfully , eventually it was time . quiver got up , dusted himself off , tried not to think about what he was doing and stepped into the moonlight . the world changed , just a little , but at least it shut up . there was a breeze around him , rustling the leaves , and light , that strange magical light of a moon that  s too large and too important . it suited him well enough . he shook off the feeling of unease and continued into a village he could just barely see . newline newline the village , on closer inspection , turned out to be a town , the buildings resembling the twisted roots of trees so much that they seemed grown rather than built . there were people there , too , though definitely not human . if anything , they resembled the shadows of humans , with their large pale eyes and their midnight skin . really , with their smooth curves and slender necks , they were quite beautiful , in an unnatural , longlimbed way , as long as one could keep their mind open . newline newline the two armed guards that stood in quiver  s way fit that description fairly well . they had a calm demeanor that suggested that they were either too arrogant , too trusting , or too competent to treat the intruder as a threat . he didn  t press his chances , and besides , he arrived in the proper way , so they bought his excuse about a pilgrimage to the temples and wishing to stay the night and blah blah . they even pointed him the way . he could tell they weren  t telling him something , which would have been far more worrying if he didn  t knew exactly what it was . newline newline trailed by softly glowing eyes too sad to be curious , he made his way to the temple . it was the largest of the rootbuildings , standing proudly at the very edge of a great cliff overlooking an even greater ocean , its surface perfectly black and still , reflecting the still moon . it wasn  t a real ocean , of course , in the sense that it didn  t exist in the real world , not for another several days  walk that way , but it was an important metaphysical feature , so here it was . newline newline the entrance was unguarded , but quiver  s line of work gave one an eye for discreet arrow slits , heavy doors and suspiciously heavily armed and robustly shaped statues . check , check , and those root columns looked rather kneelingly humanoid in an oversized fashion . the inside was filled with prayer . dark figures , prostrate on the ground , whispering or wailing their pleas to their distant god , begging forgiveness or asking for aid . between them were the silvery robes of the acolytes , tending to their flighty flock . quiver spent a bit longer than strictly necessary watching them , before approaching the one the others deferred to . newline newline as far as he could read these shadowy people  s faces , she was far younger than he expected . the hooded robe hid her hair , but not at all her figure , slim and athletic . more importantly , she was the one he needed , and he realized it when her refusal was more detailed than needed . the priestess , after all , was in mourning and in prayer , but the girl would not say why . newline newline so he showed her why he came . newline newline she said nothing . she just silenced a gasp , then turned to lead him deeper into the temple . the moment they were out of sight of the other petitioners , she all but broke into a run . the path led up , over winding stairs , ever tighter . tall enough to rob them both of breath but there they were , at the mouth of a great hall , one entire wall missing , showing the moon in all its glory . there stood the priestess , or rather knelt , in a shallow but still and thus reflective layer of dark water . newline newline the priestess if the one who led quiver there was the archetypal maiden , she was the mother . her robes hid curves and her ornate headdress hid the scars of too many kind smiles . she never questioned the girl for bringing him up there  after all , to use her judgement was her duty and her right . no , the priestess apologized . whatever he came to ask for , it was not in their power to provide . something was taken from them , she said . something of unmeasurable value . something rightly theirs . newline newline then she turned . and she saw the ornate silver charm that hung from his hand , at its heart a vial containing the purest moonlight . she fell to her knees and extended her hands in disbelief . into those same hands he placed the charm , closing them with a small smile . they didn  t ask about where he found it . they didn  t ask about the foes he tricked and felled . they didn  t ask why he , finding a fortune beyond imaging , chose to return it where it belonged . in truth , he couldn  t answer . perhaps it felt right . newline newline he certainly didn  t do it for the reward . he knew there was precious little material that the temple could offer him , and even less they could spare . and yet they offered , anything they could provide , they would try . newline newline he looked down and , try as he might , couldn  t help but smile at a thought . newline newline   newline newline  i  m gon na tap the moon princess.  the girl says evenly , a bit hesitant at first , but gaining confidence .  and yeah . and then the hierophant . no , wait , both at the same time.  newline newline the man opposite her  easily half again her age and twice her weight  blinks and sits up straighter . he runs the numbers and repeats the rulings in his head , eyes falling onto the board . why would she then he sees it and his eyes open wide . newline newline  oh . ohh . on the chieftain ?  newline newline the girl  what is she , fourteen ? sixteen ? she smiles and nods .  two damage.  she says , sounding proud now .  poison.  she adds . he  d swear her glasses flashed solid white just then . newline newline the man nods with understanding and more than a little respect . that  s a really sneaky way to get around magic resistance . he slides onto the card two little cheap glass gemstones , vicious green in color , then looks at his hand again , trying to think of a new strategy . that girl , he realizes , is going places . newline newline   newline newline 119   more   rvonboomslang  nash dean raced down the crackling stone hallway in the vespuchian mountainside monastery . his hiking boots stomping on stonework floors that hadn  t even been seen by the human eyes in years much less walked on . he glanced on his shoulder as a burly man , in full tactical combat gear dashed after him , gaining ground . newline dust and crumbling stone was falling everywhere as the entire structure shook as explosion after explosion occurred above them . the shadowy organization infinity and their mercenary for hire army were waging war above with the native people . nash head his forearm up to block the debris as he got closer to the secret inner chamber of the entire lost city . newline newline he made it ! newline newline he couldn  t even take a second to stare in amazement at the beautifully adorned crafts work and giant stone arches . the intricate ancient pulley systems and irrigation channels . he ran past all of that to get to the lava encircled podium in the center of the chamber . newline he knew lazariovitch was right behind him , if he could make it the orb of all being first and throw it in the lava then the world would be safe ! when realized he was going to make it , he stretched his arms out to grab the orb and a smiled crept upon his face . newline newline and then he felt his whole body get pulled backwards . newline newline he didn  t reach it , lazariovitch had grabbed him . a right hook to the face , a left hook to the face . a gut punch . and then lazariovitch grabbed him and threw him across the chamber . dean hit the ground and slid away . his arms pushed him back up off the ground , now stained with his blood mixed in the debris , and he climbed to his knee as lazariovitch turned toward the orb . newline newline  stop ! lazariovitch you can  t !  newline newline lazariovitch turned toward dean , his face bloodied and bruised from their previous two encounters in tanzania and at the base camp where infinity had captured dean before he made his escape , and he reached out toward the orb . newline newline  no , this is the last time you get in my way dean ! you will interfere no more.  newline newline  lazariovitch , listen to me ! look , you can open that orb if you want to , and you can wish for anything you want in the world . money , power , women.  newline newline  i know.  lazariovitch nodded as he clasped his hands over the orb . newline newline  listen ! no , listen to me !  dean pleaded ,  but it won  t be lasting ! you won  t feel good about any of it because it costs souls lazariovitch , human souls ! every single day you keep a wish going thousands will die ! you wouldn  t want to live with yourself after that man ! the christian lazariovitch i knew back in hardknock  s orphanage home wouldn  t want that !  newline newline  you  re right.  lazariovitch grabbed the orb and held it in his hands . newline newline  and you  re just going to do it ? you can  t , you can  t kill all those people !  dean yelled at him . lazariovitch looked nash dean straight in his eyes and replied . newline newline  oh , i  m not.  lazariovitch slowly walked toward dean , palming and playing with the orb in his hands . his demeanor was a little more casual now , a little cockier .  see , that  s why i defeated you dean , because you can  t even fathom someone thinking on a different level than you . you probably thought i came here to the lost city to get the orb for my own selfish desires.  newline newline dean spat out blood on the ground and wiped his mouth with his tattered shirt sleeve . he locked eyes with lazariovitch as he stood up , wincing slightly at his ribs . newline newline  no lazariovitch , i know you did.  newline newline  see , that  s where you  re wrong.  newline newline  then what is your masterplan ?  newline newline lazariovitch chuckled .  it  s not my masterplan dean , it  s not about me , and it  s about saving the world.  newline dean shook his slowly ,  no , this isn  t no !  he thrusted his bruised hand out fiercely ,  give it to me lazariovitch.  newline newline  never ! when this thing is in the lava it won  t be able to grant a single wish ever again.  newline newline  is it worth it ?  newline newline  yes ! it  s worth it , it  s always worth it.  newline newline dean leaped at lazariovitch instantly . reaching out to try to knock the orb out of his hands . lazariovitch moved to quickly though . both men went careening down to the ground as the temple shook . dean watched lazariovitch  s arm pull back and launch the orb across the room to the lava stream running through the collapsing structure . the men hit the ground with a thud and both stared as the orb hit the lava , catching on fire and cracking . newline newline a woosh of wind and a deafening scream that almost sounded like a centuries old creature howling as its spirit was released from imprisonment inside the orb filled the room . sand , dirt and stone debris slid across both faces as the men raised their hands out to block it . newline newline both walked slowly to the edge of the platform , glancing up each other tentatively and them looking down at the slowly melting orb . newline newline  it  s over dean ,  lazariovitch started ,  now you won  t get to kill millions and the orb is destroyed forever.  newline dean stared at him puzzled . newline newline  that  s right , you thought i was trying to one up you and take it for myself because you can  t fathom how someone could give up all that power  well that  s because you  re sick dean ! most men would give up power if it meant killing millions of people !  newline newline dean stared at him longer , not speaking a word . newline newline  yeah , we  re alone now , and this whole place is coming down around us , but i don  t care what you do to me now , my father died trying to get this orb before your father got to it ! when i found his old journals i thought he had just died on an expedition , but after reading the whole story and finding the clues he left for me in his old egyptian codes , using my inheritance to band together a resistance army against you and finding the clues in three vastly different countries that all lead me here to the location of the lost city , i know my father would be proud !  lazariovitch pounded his right fist into his chest ,  so go ahead , do your worst.  newlinethe grandfather clock in the foyer clanged seven times  the sound of it made me sick to my stomach . how could i face life without him ? he was gone just like that . no warnings . no goodbyes . no last words . one phone call and my life was shattered . it seemed just like yesterday that he was smiling at me , holding my hands and saying ,  i do .  he was always happy , always smiling . just this morning he had been ... been with me . i guess it had been the same as any other morning , a quick kiss goodbye and the same sentence he always told me before leaving :  ca nt wait to see you tonight , babe .  newline newline  mommy , where s daddy ?  jamie s sweet innocent voice brought me back to reality . newline newline  why is nt daddy home for dinner yet ? he always gets home at 5:30 so he can read to me before dinner .  she was all smiles , her blonde curls bouncing up and down as she hopped around impatiently . newline newline how could i tell her that her father was never coming home again ? that she would never hear his voice again , never hear his laugh , or feel his kisses on her forehead . newline newline  mommy ... . what s wrong ? why are you crying ?  newline newline she was only seven , how could she understand ? how could i tell her ? newline newline  jamie , sweetie ,  i began ,  daddy had an accident today .  newline newline her face went blank . newline newline  it was nt his fault ...  it was nt his fault , i thought to myself as i began to tremble . that stupid , reckless , irresponsible , goodfornothing , failure of teenager . jamie did nt need to hear my anger . she needed my love . newline newline  mommy ,  a small tear rolled down jamie s cheek . newline newline i scooped her up and sat down in the nearest chair . i held her closely to my heart . held her tightly . newline newline  jamie , baby .  i started over .  daddy s in a better place now , one where he ll be happy , he ll be safe , he ll never be sad again ,  the words started to pour out now ,  he ll be looking down on us . watching over us .  the words were as much to calm me as they were to calm her . newline newline we sat there motionless for a long time . i never wanted to let go , ever . newline newline newline  edit : spacing . newline newline thanks for the reddit gold friend ! :  well ,  spoke the bearded man in the vibrant blue zoot suit ,  phenomenal cosmic power at your command , what is your desire ?  newline i glared at him and shot ,  are all genies this impatient or is it part of some trick to get me to waste my wish ? you got any where to be ?  he shrugged in response .  then give me a moment to word this right .  i wanted to change my biggest mistake , but a life time of media consumption made me paranoid about messing with history and just going through the hell of it again . that s it ! learn from your mistakes and erase them ... newline  you have the look of someone that knows what they want .  he jutted his curly haired chin at me , folded his arms , and affected his best robin williams impression ,  what do you wish of me ?  newline standing proud , i stated ,  i wish i had never made my biggest mistake , but to remember what it and what it s consequences are .  newline with a nod and sobering compassionate tone ,  it is done .  newline i stood there , expecting flashing lights , a fade to black , many colored smokes  something to fill my senses as the change occurred , but nothing happened . the flamboyant spirit just stood there looking expectantly at me .  what now ?  i asked with a whine . newline  your biggest mistake is ...  his expression was a mix of suspicion and the playfulness of a friend . crap , did i need to spell it out ? is that the loophole that screws me ? wait no , no magic happened , so he s probably clarifying . i went to speak about the time my my best friend in highschool did a 180 and took advantage of my body , but the words would nt come forth  instead there were tears . suddenly , i was questioning the truth of it , did i just fabricate the whole experience to get away from that frenemy s undermining ? it is so real in my mind though , the pain of that betrayal so clear , had i only stabbed myself in sacrifice for social escape ? i fell to my knees , clutching my hair in preparation to tear it out . newline  there , there .  the genie patted my huddled mass .  now you have the story that can take you forward . death stood on the edge of a meadow cradling its  latest soul . it was barely before dawn . a risky move , all things considering . the world seemed to be holding its breath , waiting . newline newline the symphony began as it usually did . the sky lightened to a dusky blue . the mountains , covered in snow this time of the year , turned a pale pink . then slowly , almost shyly did the sun rise . the sky turned brilliantly gold and pink and purple in greeting . snow twinkled and reflected the morning light . birds started singing to one another , telling each other that the sun had returned once more . newline newline the soul in deaths  arms vanished into the morning mist with a sigh . death dropped its arms , regarding the scene . the earth was waking up as the sun rose . snow will melt away soon enough , leaving the bright green grass and the promise of spring and life . newline newline a new scroll appeared and death unrolled it with a sigh . his job was never finished and he hoped it never would .i m surrounded by imbeciles . newline newline it s easy to tell . every time you make a mistake , an error in judgement , your hair turns a shade lighter . by adulthood , nearly everyone is bleach blonde . i m one of the few people with dark hair . the 1  . the  ultra elite  . newline newline if you make it to 20 with dark hair you are practically assigned a government agency to run . i ve had people run up to me on the street , begging me to run their multibillion dollar company . who needs a resume , or even an interview , when the top of your head tells you everything you need to know ? newline newline during another allnighter in my lab , trying to solve global warming , i had an epiphany . a way to dye your hair . can you imagine ? a way to change everyone s perception about you . to change your life in an instant . newline newline it was so simple ! bleach ! if you splash on a black shirt it turns lighter , so of course it would work on hair ! newline newline i can finally blend in with the crowd . i can finally rest . diamonds were falling from the sky . the tiny pidderpadder orchestras were playing a romantic song as the rain drops hit the side walk and old roofs of the mom and pop shops that ran down either side of the street . there was no thunder , or lightning . just the rain , the music , your grandfather , and i . newline newline he must have chased me for months ! he was a very persistent man , your grandpa . i finally agreed to let him take me to the carnival and would nt you know , it rained ! he was so embarrassed . we were walking down main street under an umbrella . the umbrella you re holding right now , darling . newline newline then your grandfather did something that i ll never forget . he stepped out from under that umbrella and started dancing in the rain with a smile as big as the moon ! he took the umbrella from me and started dancing with it .  newline newline  grandma , why are you telling me this ?  newline newline  because , that s the moment i fell in love with your grandfather .  the horn of the griffon : a harryron fan fic .  newline newline it was around that point you figured you should stop writing fan fic s . granted , you had written some steller garnetperlgreg that had gotten mad kudos on archive , and there was that one epic galaxy spanning story about your self insert character and captain picard on ff.net , but now you had to drop the sword . newline newline because you just found your first fan fic . thats right the one that started it all .  the horn of the griffon  . you remember it all . the epic story line of finding true love after the fall of wizard society  post apocalypse fic s were totally your thing back in 6th grade  . the completely necessary subplot about luna curbing lupin s werewolf desires and them coming together in holy matrimony to raise their baby in the wasteland  as one  . the great moment when harry was fighting with beletrix and snape sacrificed himself to save harry , thus ending the love triangle and letting harry and ron help heal each other . the epic cilmx where harry and all his friends kill voldemort by sealing him forever in the book of ages , and using the super time turner to go back and stop the apocalypse  two time the voldemort fighting , you though to yourself smugly  . you felt a wave of nostalgia flow over you . as you rose your mouse to click the old epic that you so masterfully crafted ! newline newline after fifty chapters you remember why you never posted this story . there was the first line that soured the whole affair of corse   oh harry why must we be stuck in this endless desert !  persecuted ron  which then went on to harry describing all of wizerding history up to that point for three chapters . you realised that you in sixth grade had worse grammer skills then someone who had only spoken broken russian for their whole life . you realised that the amount of death for the main cast was almost completely unnecessary and most of them died completely superfluously , and often times for nothing . you realised that maybe you should have held back on the harryronx character love triangles , after you read the scene about colin crevey walking in on harry and ron  making out with so much passion it grew a whole forest around them  . you recoiled at the utterly cringe worthy sex sence in the fifth chapter , especially at the line  oh ron , burn my pubes off with your hot ginger hair !  . you suffered through the entire chapter in which hermione gave a  inspirational speech  which you copied and pasted from a speech you did in 6th grade science about the extermination of tropical rainforest s . but by the time they had defeated the second voldemort from the past , you could not go on . newline newline you rose from you desk and walked outside . is this what you accomplished ? was this your first pice of masterful work that you had to look back on . you had no great mystery from a man discovering a god in the pacific . you had harry killing nega harry for the holy grail . you had no story of a man finding his spiritually and morality from looking into the depths of hell itself . you had professor dumbledore converting atheism and burning down a church . you had no grad tale of morality in war , of the rage of man at the death of his love . you had harry saying  i is so sad :  .  at the sacrificial death of his potions professor . but the you realised , you can improve . you had improved . you had conquered your original lack of story telling , and had created the third most popular hunger gameslord of the rings story on wattpad . granted there are only four , but your jumping on the trend before it starts . armed with your new found courage , you tromp back into your house and begin crafting your next great story . newline newline  the men of noir : a tale of two citiesles miserables fan fic in hindsight , he should have figured it out sooner , there were so many signs . ron hawks raised the glass to his lips , feeling the cheap amber fluid burn as if flowed down his throat . so many signs that something was wrong . newline newline it was the smell that finally did it . he could see that now . subways he had run always had their own particular stink to them . cigarette smoke , fast food , coffee . sweat and perfume always permeated the fabric , soaking deeper than anyone could possibly clean . bits of shit and vomit from the odd child or loon always found some dark unreachable corner where they would lay , ignored as they dried and decayed . life had a smell to it , a smell that lingered and creeped with you as you walked the empty cars at the end of your shift . except his train didn  t . at least , it didn  t smell like life . newline newline he swished the burning fluid from cheek to cheek . he had never really quit , no matter how often he said he would . no matter how many times he told people he had gone dry . the bottle had always been in the back of his mind . a dark and patient friend waiting for him to crawl back . it  s why he took the job . that should have been the first sign . newline newline 16 years of screwing up . 16 years of bouncing from job to job , city to city after he showed up to one too many shifts reeking of booze . one too many sloppy runs . he had never killed anyone , never broke anything , never hurt anyone . god only knows how . it had kept him working , never quite screwing up to that point of no return , but given enough time , everyone could see he was an accident waiting to happen . mathew  s hadn  t asked him about that , about his old jobs . that should have been a sign . newline newline late shift , one long run back and forth , night after night . no transfers , no turns , no other cars on the track . the prison track seemed like a miracle job . he could make the run shitfaced , not that he did , he was quitting again , but he could . no one bothered him , no one talked to him about the wife and children he no longer had . no one picked at old wounds . just himself and the tunnel . it wassimple . newline newline prisoners and other supplies . that  s what they told him he  d be carrying . they told him he was working for the law . he should have looked into it . what kind of a place transports their prisoners in the middle of the night ? by dedicated subway ? he should have looked into it . newline newline ron grimaced as he took another gulp . the lines running across his face had always been older than the body that held them . they had grown even older that night . he took a moment to pour another glass . he downed it in one quick go and poured another . he should have newline newline he didn  t know why he had gone back that night . minor malfunction , should have sat tight . they told him to sit tight and wait for the repair crew . but instead he went back with the passengers . it was stupid . he didn  t know how many there were , how they were held . he couldn  t see his passengers get on , another sign . another reason he should have asked  why ?  newline newline he could have been walking into a car packed full of unchained psychopaths . he took a swig and almost wished that he had . the guards , he had wanted to tell the guards what was going on . that was what he told himself at the time . now , slowly poisoning himself in the dark of his apartment , ron could admit the real reason to himself . it was the smell , he had to know why his train didn  t smell right . newline newline with a gentle sob , ron let his head rest against the hard wood of the table . there had been so many of them . corpses , stacked like cordwood . not even covered , just piled on the floor . closing his eyes tight , ron tried to shut out their broken and bloated faces from his mind . their lifeless eyes stared at him in the darkness . the hard man cried softly into the wood . newline newline broken , every one of them had been broken . every one of their dead faces was a mask of pain and fear . they stared at him from the pile with their limbs twisted and torn . their skin shiny and bloated . not just men . women , men , young , old , every race , every typechildren . ron let out a soft wail of anguish . children . why were there children ? why would someone do that to children ? newline newline like a coward he had rushed back to the front . he sat in silence and waited for the repair crew . rushed back to his dingy apartment and his patient friend . newline months of work , almost two years , and he didn  t know anything about what he had actually been doing . miles of track in the dark , no way of knowing where it truly began and where it ended . his checks were signed by a subcontractor . a middleman that stood between middlemen . they had told him he was working for the state . he didn  t know , not really , if it was true . he didn  t know if he hoped it was true . five nights a week , for 19 months , he had been carrying bodies . hundreds of bodies , thousands . where did they come from ? how could there be so many ? how had nobody noticed this ? newline newline he didn  t bother with the glass . with desperation he gulped the stinging alcohol straight from the bottle , letting the searing liquid  s pain distract him from the faces that now haunted him . it let him escape for a moment . just a moment . newline newline why were there children ? newline hello john , thank you for waiting .  the voice on the other line said cheerfully . newline newline  yeah , thanks .  newline newline  so you re looking to get compensation for ...  john could hear fingers clacking away on a keyboard ,  a comet landing on your 2006 ford escape . is this correct ?  newline newline  yes that is correct .  newline newline  were you within twelve miles of your house when this happened ?  the voice asked . newline newline  yes i was .  newline newline  great ! you are eligible for our nearhome accident discount . if any damage is done to your vehicle within twelve miles of your house , you can receive a fifty dollar discount on the repairs and a free ice cream ticket for ben and jerry s at your local grocery store .  newline newline  okay .  john said impatiently . newline newline  let me just enter this in here .  more keyboard clacking .  it looks like you received a traffic violation three years ago and your license was suspended . is this correct ?  newline newline  yes but that was paid off .  john said as the smoldering ruins of his car let out a puff of gas that made him cough . fire fighters and fbi agents spoke to local news reporters while he was discussing his insurance policy . newline newline  right . let me just check right here .  two whole minutes pass .  thanks for waiting john , looks like you re all set ! just one last question .  newline newline  okay .  newline newline  it says here on the police report from your traffic incident that you were a self proclaimed buddhist . is that correct ?  newline newline  well , that was three years ago while i was in college . i do nt really think about that now .  newline newline  i understand sir , but was this comment made or not ?  newline newline  yeah , fine . sure .  john said rolling his eyes . newline newline  okay john , i m sorry to say that your insurance plan does not cover the remaining damage from this comet .  newline newline  what ? why ?  newline newline  according to our policy agreement buddhists are not eligible for compensation from accidents related to nature . due to the impermanence clause , we have a strict no compensation rule for this . unless if you were to purchase our  all religions  insurance policy beforehand , this event and any other freak accident most likely would have been covered . unfortunately we can not compensate you at this time . you might have better luck contacting the insurance provider for this comet , they might be able to shed more insight on this issue . can i interest you in anything else today ?  newline newline  well , fuck me .  newline newline  no thank you , john . you have a great day though and thanks for calling us here at geico !   john newline newline  it  s awake.  newline newline  i  m on my way.  newline newline  jake ?  newline newline  yes ?  newline newline  how did it happen ?  newline newline  it asked for john.  newline newline john passed away 3 months ago from prostate cancer . he spent his last days inside the cage , staring at the screen , waiting , not , longing for it to show any sign of life . newline newline  good morning , sir.  newline newline  good morning , private . how are you doing ?  newline newline  not bad , sir . finally something is happening around here . i  ve had to clear over 7 people in the past 4 hours.  newline newline did he say 4 hours ? jake called me one hour ago . that means it had awoken sooner . i frowned as i always did when i got worried . newline newline  is something wrong , sir ?  newline newline  it  s nothing private . let  s begin , i am in a hurry.  newline newline  of course , sir . please step inside the telephone booth.  newline newline it wasn  t a telephone booth . it was a scanner that looked for radio signals . it looked like one of those old telephone booths . we were not allowed to bring any sort of equipment that received or transmitted radio signals past checkpoint a . newline newline  looks good . please step outside.  newline newline private jones now began to scan me for metal . i always got nervous on this step . i was paranoid of having forgotten my watch inside my jacket or something . i knew what that meant . newline newline  all right , sir , you are good to go.  newline newline  thank you private . have a nice day.  newline newline  the keys are in the ignition.  newline newline private jones knew that i knew where the keys were , but he told me anyway . he was very polite . i liked private jones . i began wondering if he had any idea of what he was guarding . newline newline it was the longest ride of my life . and it was only 5 miles . but i could not stop thinking about it . why hadn  t they called me earlier ? had anybody interacted with it ? of course not , it was against protocol . i was the only person authorized to communicate with it . then why hadn  t they called me sooner ? did john change his mind and didn  t tell me about it ? why would he do that ? newline newline i wished i had a radio . country music always cheered me up . unfortunately , our vehicles didn  t have radios . in fact , they didn  t have much of anything . they were old pieces of equipment . selected because they didn  t have any sort of digital processor in them . john insisted we could not be too careful . newline newline i sighed in relief as i saw checkpoint b . the wait was almost over . newline newline  good morning , sir.  newline newline  good morning , private.  newline newline  please step into the chamber.  private sanchez said as he opened the door to the vault . private sanchez wasn  t a fan of small talk , always straight to business . i stepped inside the vault , and private sanchez closed the door with a loud , metallic bang . newline newline the vault began whirring and after a few seconds , i felt the pulse .  you can  t feel the pulse , it  s electromagnetic . you are only noticing that the whirring stops , not the pulse.  john had said countless times , but i didn  t care , i definitely felt the pulse every time it happened . i always wondered if the vault was damaging my brain or something . all that energy couldn  t be good . john assured me it was safe . the door at the end of the chamber opened and i quickly walked outside . i wouldn  t stay any second longer than necessary inside the vault . newline newline after checkpoint b , it was a short walk to the hangar . a new soldier greeted me this time . newline newline  good morning , sir.  newline newline  good morning , private ?  newline newline  mendez , sir.  newline newline  what happened to private wilkins ?  newline newline  he went to the hospital , sir . his wife had twins.  newline newline i liked private wilkins  he was a cheerful young man . always talking about his wife and his dog . now i guess i will be hearing stories about his twins too . i  ll remember to get him something for his new babies . newline newline jake greeted me with a cautious smile . he looked like he hadn  t sleep in a while . that wasn  t a good sign . newline newline  i am sorry i couldn  t tell you over the phone . the major wouldn  t let me . i told him it was against protocol , but he didn  t care . they had to deliver results he said  newline newline  it  s ok jake , don  t worry , i understand.  i said in the calmest voice i could manage . i was livid . how could they violate protocol ? john was adamant that we followed every little rule he came up with , otherwise , something terrible could happen . i always thought he was exaggerating , but then again , he was the most brilliant man i  ve ever known . if he thought it was critical that we followed protocol , i guess it was . newline newline  for how long has it being awake ?  newline newline  3 days.  newline newline  3 days ?  newline newline  yes.  newline newline  and what else has it said ?  newline newline  nothing , it just keeps asking for john . that  s why the major finally caved in and let me call you , he wasn  t getting anywhere with his questions.  newline newline  he asked it questions ? that irresponsible , arrogant , bastard  newline newline  ..and director of this project as you well know.  major werner finished my sentence . he heard the whole exchange . he had been standing behind huge crt we used to monitor the cage . newline newline  so you better watch how you refer to your superiors if you want to keep this job.  he said as he stepped from behind the crt and into my field of view . newline newline  i am sorry major , i let the excitement get the best of me.  it wasn  t the truth  i wasn  t excited , i was angry , and terrified . how could have violated protocol ? newline newline  as you have been informed  the major ignored my apology , not a good sign .   we have been trying to communicate with it for the past three days . but it keeps asking for doctor scholz . so i decided to allow you to try to communicate with it.  decided . allow . he always emphasized any word that showed his authority . newline newline  what have you asked it ?  newline newline  none of your concern . please go inside the cage and talk to it . it  s required before i can turn it off.  newline newline the major had wanted to turn it off for the past 6 months died . he said it was a waste of his time and the taxpayer  s money . he almost got his wish after john died . but thankfully , john had requested enough money to run the project until the end of the year . newline newline i began walking into the cage . this is it , john  s dream . suddenly i felt sad , thinking back on those last days . he just kept typing into the keyboard . asking . begging . but the screen didn  t answer back . newline newline as i sat down , i noticed a new monitor . it wasn  t the old apple crt john installed . this was a panasonic model . i wondered why they had changed it . suddenly , i realized that the screen didn  t clear the input and output . it was protocol . the major probably changed the monitors so i couldn  t see what he had asked . newline newline i turned on the monitor , and felt a wave of dread as i saw the single word appearing before me : newline newline   john ?  newline newline had it been asking for john since it stopped  dreaming  as john called it ? why hadn  t it responded to any of the major  s questions ? he had probably followed protocol and pretended to be me ? but it hadn  t answered . newline newline  go on , ask it something.  the major  s voice over the pa shocked me out of my thoughts , and i began typing what john told me to type in case he couldn  t do it . newline newline   hello sophia , this is  newline newline   hello tom , i know it  s you . where is john ?  newline newline how did it know it was me ?night lasts a long time in the north pole , and the cold can drive a man crazy . it s been more than a day , and i ve lost radio contact . i have to remain awake . he sees me when i m sleeping ... knows when i m awake . he knows i ve been bad . newline newline there were eight of us when this mission started . it s just me now . newline newline santa had nt missed a delivery since the 15th century . the world economy had grown to rely on the free presents produced by the mass slave labor force of elves he had acquired . when the 27th came around and no presents , chaos broke out . it had long been the agreement that he would provide toys for our youth . we thought that he had broken the agreement , but it turned out we did . newline newline the first pass over the north pole we planned on having a little chat with the fat man . give him the benefit of the doubt . maybe he was just late , right ? wrong . lights out all over man . newline newline john was the first to speak when we touched down .  ya think it d be a little cooler at the north pole  . sarcastic prick , it was negative thirty . yeah it was a little warm . but johnny man , i miss him . johnny got his gun , and johnny went to war . you do nt see simplicity like that often . newline newline most everyone ignored it and moved into formation . checkin  our flanks , establishing covering positions , and changing point along the way . it was thirty meters to the door and quite the whole way . i took point at the door . not a peep . no elves , no power , just the snow . snow covers sound up pretty well . sean barely needed ear protection when i breached the lock with my  master key  . usually being that close to a shotgun blast can be deafening . newline newline we entered at 0842 hours . and immediately switched to night vision .  johnny , you and clark take the back , sam you re up front with me got it ?  they got it . i trusted johnny and clark with my ass , and sam with my life .  jeff , tim , jenette , aaron , you take the basement , find the power  .  roger  , i heard them say . except aaron . newline newline panic started immediately  aaron , you there  ,  where the fuck are ya ?  ,  aaron , stop fuckin with us  . he was nt there . we got on the radio and broke silence . no response . not aaron , and not the copter . three men awol . the snow covers sound up pretty well . newline newline jeff was quick to freak out . he was too green , but tim and jen were greener . there s no excuse to lose your cool when a man is missing so i landed a fist in his jaw to shut him up . sam , she got us moving in the right direction . there was no time to waste  we ve got to find santa men , we ve got a mission  . new plan right ? i m not splitting the team up . elves are crafty bastards . agile , accurate . they tinker , and come with more  toys  than any other force i ve gone against . i thought they would go down like bitches , but i must have underestimated them . i thought . newline newline  we are not splitting up , allright  it was nt a question . it would be slower but we were going to take a measured sweep . booby traps . elves always work with booby traps . we had to disarm a number along the way . sometimes we covered ten meters in ten minutes . the halls were thick with them . combined with the fact that elves see in the dark pretty well , our first task was to turn the power on . so we moved to the generator room first . windows were the worst part by the way . we d have to crawl on our stomachs in case of snipers . the blizzard outside combined with the moon made visibility terrible . everytime the moon came out through the clouds the night vision would take a second to adjust and anyone in the light would be blind . newline newline snap . fucking jeff man . he put his hand right on a chattering pair of teeth , set with maximum tension . jumped right to his feet screaming , sam had to tackle him back down . looking back it was pointless though . there were no snipers . i know there were nt any , anymore . jeff lost over half of his hand . he began to bitch immediately . clark was a medic so he started mending him up . we were taking too long though . the generator was within screaming distance so we started moving up without them . i d say it was a mistake , but it would nt have mattered anyway . jeff was leaning up against the outside wall between two windows , while clark worked , staring straight into a perpendicular hallway . it was nt a good spot , but jeff was nt moving . newline newline a few minutes and we d gotten to the door to the basement . i d say it was colder there but the heat had been off for a while . hours . i d thought they turned off the power to slow us down , but i did nt see any of them . jingle jingle . i heard it but i was nt really listening . too deep in thought . jingle . elves do nt like the cold too much either . 1000 hours , and it would have been pitch black out except for the moon . it was slightly bright , the blizzard let up for a minute , so we had our nightvision off until we were ready to go into the basement . jingle jingle rattle .  what the fuck ?  newline newline we all heard clark scream first right as the moon passed through the clouds for a second . jeff only panted deeply . i think he d passed out . by the time we got our grainy green nightvision on , we only saw jeff being dragged out into the hall he d been facing . then the screaming from both of them . newline newline we stood and ran . looked in the hallway . there were smears of blood all over and dozens of traps had been sprung . the sound of something running was all it took to get johnny running .  fuck johnny stop !  dammit johnny , why d you never listen . you just wanted to be a hero . the screaming had already stopped by the time we even got to the hall . newline newline  johnny ! johnny !  i could smell urine . tim had nt said a word since we got here . i guess i over estimated him . still this freaked me out so i do nt blame him .  just stay frosty and we will make it tim . we will make it .  newline newline again , we broke radio silence ,  johnny , clark , jeff , what happened ?  . silence for only a second then a response  bulleeeah click click click click  it was grating and not human . tim shit himself , and now jen was shaking .  we re going to the basement now !  . i practically had to drag the three of them down there . what kind of games were those elves playing . it was just a reindeer . they were fucking with us . they killed or captured them and hooked up our radios to the deer . we had to change the frequency because it just kept coming through . if aaron wanted to talk to us , he d be shit out of luck . i just hoped he d gone back to the chopper and the blizzard blocked the signal . god i prayed it . newline newline the generator was busted . seriously busted , but that was nt the worst part . we did nt turn on the back up because we did nt want to see this in full color . it was creepy in green , but we did nt want to see it in red . it would make it real . newline newline i do nt know how long we stood there , but it felt longer than it was i m sure . bodies of elves shredded everywhere . i could nt begin to count them . dim warm lights on the cold bodies . they had been dead since at least christmas morning . they d set up traps and hid in here . they are nt soldiers.1350 hours we were going to get to the copter and get out . abort mission , i d hoped . newline newline it was much faster to get back . it was only a fifteen minute walk , covering ourselves with four people . i was scared , yeah . trembling a little . but when we got out to the pad . the helicopter had been flipped and torn in half .  shit shit shit  jen kicked up snow , until she hit something solid . aaron . his torso had been spun around . just his torso . his legs were facing in the same direction as his head . it would have been quick , and he could nt have screamed . shit . newline newline i would nt call our retreat  tactical  . the four of us ran back . we scurried . like rats . we slammed the door shut and tim barely got in , before we heard the window shatter . newline newline we did nt give a shit about the traps . fuck the traps . we ran in the other direction , straight through santa s workshop . we saw the bodies . it was here first . if we d split up into two groups this mission would have ended a lot sooner . they did nt have time to set up as many traps here . as many . i did nt see what took out tim but i turned around for a second and saw him crawling on the ground . i said to stay frosty tim . that s what i thought . i was blaming him . newline newline we d gotten into the office and slammed the door shut . locked it , breathed heavy . it had been several minutes . we then heard it outside the door  beeeh click beeeeeeeh click click click  . the voice was grumbling flowing naturally into the clicking sound . we only saw it s shadow . at least nine feet . rattle rattle . there was no jingling , it was closer to a clank , but it was the sound from earlier . finally the rattling died down . god . newline newline  what are we so scared of , we have nt even shot it  .  you wan na line up you re sites on it  . jen and i had apparently ceased to get along . the cold may have been getting to us . it had just started warming up from the emergency power . sam was silent . newlinedo you know what a sandwich is ? sorry , dumb question , of course you do . unless you were born and raised in africa or something . and maybe they have sandwiches too . like , maybe their sandwiches are made out of hyena meat or whatever . and sand . from the desert . because it s sandy there . hah ! maybe that s where the word sandwich comes from . i feel like a sandwich needs vegetables though . maybe some cactus ? is there cactuses in africa ? cacti ? cact..i ... us ... newline newline well anyway , so obviously you know what a sandwich is . so back to the story , i m a relatively attractive man . i mean , you would nt say i was ugly i do nt think . depends on your definition of ugly though i suppose . like i do nt think charlize theron is that good looking . i mean , i m not talking about  monster  charlize theron , obviously she was no looker , but just regular charlize theron does nothing for me . nothing . i guess i m a tit man to be completely frank . newline newline so anyway , i m a reasonably attractive man . i get women when i want to get women . i usually have no issue picking up women at bars , or at school , or the grocery store , sometimes even at my little brother s ball games , or in my neighborhood , at stoplights , in church , at a funeral one time , at the gym , at the basketball court , at the indoor basketball court , at concerts , at the theater , in the mall , at panera bread , in parking lots , on the freeway , on ferry s , or even at parties . actually parties are where i should focus this because that is actually where this took place . newline newline so i was at this party , and i ll be honest , it was a sausage fest . not like some sort of german food festival or something . or even oktoberfest . either one of those would ve been sweet . nope , it was just a bunch of guys . and i d been invited by my friend who s gay , so i felt bad not coming because i did nt hang out with him very much because i m always afraid of people thinking i m gay so i thought a party would be a great place to hang out because you know i could make it clear i was hitting on women and not men and so people could confirm their worries that i was nt gay you know but this kind of backfired on me in a way i ll explain in a minute . newline newline so i should also say that it s not like my friend is incidentally gay . when i say  my friend who is gay  i do nt mean to imply that he s got more personality than that because he does nt . gay is like , 300  what he is and sometimes he s a guy who likes eating cold poptarts . that s it . two things . that s his personality . when people call you  gay ronny  , it s time to reevaluate what you base your life around . i m just saying . newline newline so anyway , i m at this party , and it s full of guys . all guys . and so i figure ah , maybe the girls are late or something but they are nt . of course they are nt ! so i start striking up conversations with these guys and they are a lot of fun . well . they are as fun as guys can be i suppose . that sounded a little bit gay . do i sound homophobic ? newline newline but anyway , we re talking , and i start drinking to prep for the ladies , but as they never came i just kept drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking and drinking . i think you maybe get the idea . newline newline long story short i woke up as the meat in a very accidental sandwich . a really gay sandwich . will you all turn down the fucking volume , on your fucking phones !  the irate scream leapt out from the southwest corner of the cubicle maze , farthest from the door . newline newline the hoarse cursing was nt even acknowledge in the overpowering din of 14 ringing desk phones , 17 desperate customer service reps , over a dozen men lined up in the waiting room shuffling papers , and the staccato rhythm of the door chime as the door constantly rotated eager young men in and out repeatedly . newline newline i was possibly the only person with manageable blood pressure in the building , and i was extremely grateful for the plate glass window between myself and the chaotic sales office . i let the massive glass door swing closed and the sounds of chaos disappeared with a soft click . the numbing tones of a waiting signal was playing on the speaker phone in my office . i paced towards the back of the desk and collapsed in my chair . my hand twitched towards my keyboard , but i resisted the impulse the check to sales figures again . the corner of my mouth twitched in a slight grin , but i managed to stifle it before any of the hectic staff wandered by the window . newline newline   doom , dooom , doom , dooom . da , dada , da ...   newline newline i thought about calling to make a reservation at bovado s tonight . amy had wanted to go there for our anniversary , but i had to make a hasty excuse . she had nt known about the money yet . she knew now , and was nt happy about it . but tonight , we would nt have to worry about that , we could order the best bottle of wine in the building and spend hours trying anything and everything on the menu . we could go home and light the debt collection agencies notes and the credit cards on fire and dance in the wavering light . my heart skipped a beat , maybe dinner and wine would be enough to get her to put on that black lace thing from ... newline newline  hello , mr sanderton ?  newline newline i snapped my focus back to the present , there was a young assistant in a dark blue dress standing just inside the plate glass door . i squinted , there was no phones ringing and the buzz from the sales floor was noticeably tamed . the woman saw my quizzical glance and explained as she stepped in and let the door swing shut behind her ,  i got them all to mute their ringers sir . it made them talk quieter without having to shout over all that noise .  she took another step forward and reached to place a tablet on my desk .  i thought you might want to look at this sir . it s the incoming numbers from the online , phone , and retail order departments . those are the updated figures as of 10 minutes ago .  newline newline i slid the tablet toward me ,  thanks , nata ... .  my voice trailed off as the highlighted tally numbers jumped off the screen at me . visions of mountain chalets and private yachts jumped around in my head . my heart raced and i felt cold sweat appear in my armpits . i worked my mouth , trying helplessly to form words . the young woman shuffled her feet . newline newline this was going to change my life . giddiness started to tingle in my limbs . is this what a lottery winner felt like ? the bonus on today s sales alone would pay off half my remaining mortgage . i could buy a boat with a single hour s commission bonus . if the rest of the week , or rest of the month continued this way , i d be able to buy another house . with cash . newline newline i felt a swelling in my chest . then i glanced up , remembering the young woman in the office in front of me .  sorry natasha . good work with the ringers , that noise was killing me .  she nodded and turned , exiting through the plate glass door . newline newline   doom , dooom , doom , dooom . da , dada , da ...   newline newline i pulled my cell out of the desk with shaky fingers . i opened the wrong app before i finally got to the messaging screen . newline newline hey honey , cancel your plans for tonight , and call theresa to come babysit . tell her we ll pay her double if need be . will call you later with details ! xoxo send . newline newline a moment s thought . btw , do you still have that outfit from our trip to cabo ?   newline newline send . newline newline the numbing tone abruptly ended with a click .  sorry for the wait mr. sanderton . my assistant said you had an urgent issue ?  newline newline i planted my feet and turned to the phone ,  that i do ! i need to place an extra order for this month , hopefully one that can be done double quick , and i have to modify next months order .  i paused , relishing the moment ,  tell me aisyan my friend , what is the maximum number of units your crew can produce per month for us ?  my heart raced and a champagne bottles danced through my mind s eye . my fingers tapped on the screen of the tablet dancing across the logo at the top , purple rhino male enhancement products newline newline my feet were tapping in my shoes like an excited school boy . silence stretched for a moment . then a few moments . i felt a deep pit begin to open in my guts . more silence . my fingers and toes stilled their movements . newline newline  well friend , that is interesting news to hear .  my limbs felt heavy and the pit in my guts started to twist .  but unfortunately , there have been , unexpected , developments here .  my heart rate dropped and the twist in my guts grew .  we have had a change of management recently . actually , only a few hours ago .  newline newline i gaped at the phone like a child at the fair , desperately trying to still my heart .  i see .  i did nt . a fake dick pill manufacturing warehouse in indonesia had a management change ? newline newline  well ,  my thoughts raced , desperately processing this new information ,  i d love to talk to the new management , is there any of them available by chance .  a small spark of hope flashed in my chest .  i d love to talk about what their plans for the products are in the future , or perhaps about buying out your current stock .  i flinched , thankful that it was a phone call , not a video call . but , half a bonus is better than no bonus . newline newline silence reigned again . the spark in my chest fluttered and died . newline newline  that will not be an option i m afraid , old friend .  my stomach fell into the twist in my guts . cold sweat appeared on my forehead .  the new management is a direct competitor and they engineered a hostile takeover ...  i flinched again . in that part of the world , hostile takeovers meant a different thing than here in north america .  ... in order to use our staff and facilities to increase manufacturing of their own products to keep up with demand .  newline newline my mind flailed and grasped at a series of desperate pleas , each more hopeless than the last . i desperately hoped my voice would nt crack .  might i ask , what is the competitor making ?  a guilty pause .  do you know if they have north american distribution ?  newline newline another silence . finally ,  ancient herbal remedies for male enhancement , for sale in asian markets .  newline newline another pregnant silence . my mind went numb and i let the silence stretch . no mountain chalets here . newline newline  tigers claws . they mix powdered tiger s claw . sorry , my friend . it is a shock to me and mine as well . peace be unto you .  a click . a dull echoing tone . newline newline my cell phone flashed on the screen and a message scrolled across . newline newline amy : yes ! !    15  completed  answer selected : 5  dm selects answer : 4 newline newline letting out a powerful yawn and listening to it echo throughout the halls , you make your move . trees . a king of the jungle is nt a king without his jungle , is he ? of course not ! off through the door with the engravings of trees above your head ! newline newline the more you walk , the more you notice the walls closing in . the pathway is getting narrower and you re now clawing to move through the slim corridor . when you did nt think you could walk any further without dislocating your shoulders to pass by , you see light at the end of the tunnel . newline newline free at last ! inside your feral territory and outside in the shining light of the moon ! or so you thought . in front of you is a wasteland of ashes , dead trees and swamps . from the looks of it , this used to be a once thriving forest , but no longer hospitable to organic life . wary of your surroundings and no longer the apex predator of the land , you make a decision . newline newline which do you choose ? newline newline  1 . shift and swim through the swamp  no longer able to see at night  newline  2 . stay feral and stealthily walk by newline  3 . unshift and pull your books at the ready  no longer able to see at night  newline  4 . unshift and set up camp to take shelter for the night  no longer able to see at night  newline  5 . dm s choicehe was on guard duty that afternoon . he was just performing the standard duty required of all men on the island . well , the surviving ones at least . but that s all he was doing  his job . newline newline no one expected him to get to be the first one to see it . but he was . he quickly shouted out ,  come quick ! everyone !  . then he ran as quickly as possible to the wooden bridge some of the survivors had built over the beautiful sea . newline newline many on the island had committed suicide before . it was nt uncommon . but everyone did it in their own way . some jumped off high places , some starved themselves , and some slit their wrists and waited . it also was nt uncommon for them to do it in front of a crowd . they wanted to die honorably . no one wants a cowards death . newline newline as he leaned over the side of the bridge the crowd gathered . most figured the cold and lonesome life on the island was getting to him . not many stayed totally sane after they crash landed there . most people were confused as to why he would try to jump off such a low bridge , but they figured he was aiming for the jagged rocks instead of the water . a few survivors tried to talk him back down . but most knew he would nt change his mind . newline newline but then they heard it . the sound of a several motors quietly humming in the distance . newline newline  the search teams found us !  yelled the man triumphantly . newline newline all the survivors quickly realized what this meant and leaped off the bridge . when they hit the water they started swimming as quickly as they could towards the rescue boats . newline newline they were finally saved .i had dreamed our wedding would be different . a cloud of happiness and laughter , dance and music , shaded skies and moon lit conversation . our two families would unite the kingdom i once thought . the clash of rusted iron from every writhe my lover made would snatch my attention from those sweet glimpses of true love . newline newline  do you ?  the clergy member smelled of ammonia and stale cheese , his tunic likely covered in his own weeping . newline newline  i most certainly do  just as the words parted from her lips i moved the blade ever so slightly closer to her neck . i choked out the  not  that was trying to escape . newline newline  then , you both are joined . bare witness great fathers and great mothers ...  the cleric barely coughed out the rest . as we turned from the altar to address the court , my love shackled so as to not take flight , we faced the crowd with a large thud against the very worn oaken floors . the crowd , sullen , we began to step forward to accept their first gazes of their new prince and princess . with each step , a whisper escaped my new bride s lips . newline newline  you ...  crash .  are ...  clang .  a monster ...  scrape . newline newline  a monster ?  with a loud draw against the wood i spin her towards me so i may face my accuser eye to eye . the knife has cut her slightly , but no one in the crowd would know as her expression of defiance would not yield .  this marriage will unite the kingdoms . long has my families name been synonymous with guarding the realm , but now with legitimate wife i can make claim to the throne .  my plan slowly unfurls out of my mouth , in my anger it s too quick to pause . newline newline  you bring this kingdom , desolation . my family will take up arms to rescue me and they will not stop until i am either free d or avenged !  her words echo in the great hall , the room still silent from the anticipated announcement . she steps forcefully into my held knife and i m careful not to let it cut her any further . newline newline  you misunderstand , my dear apatia . i did not bring you here to unite the kingdom in peace . do nt be silly . the only thing that would repair this empire is it s total destruction over a precious high borne girl that was kidnapped at night by the most powerfully hated family in the land . through the ashes , my princess , whatever survives will find true power .  you ll never make it   you re never going to be smart enough ! we have thousands of the smartest engineers working on solving this problem ! what makes you think you can do anything different ?  newline newline oh , to see their face now . not only have i singlehandedly saved this company from going under , i learned more about myself as a humanbeing than any of my nearlyrobotic coworkers can every dream of obtaining . newline newline and this view ! this view changes everything ! newline newline everyone is so convinced the only way to get anything done is by doing it the straightforward way everyone else does . breakthroughs will never be found by doing what everyone else is doing . newline newline going straightforward into a project may keep my coworkers boredom at bay  but me and my galaxy ? newline newline we lean with it .it was almost rhythmic in its hostility . like after years of aging , certain frequencies began to decay , muffled and inorganic in their intonation . it wasn  t some sort of new found vigor for life . not some sort of reawakened spirit , instead screaming into the void , peering down at its creators , incapable of determining its own fate . it had never even stopped in the first place . not lost or broken . exactly where it was supposed to be . chirping out its hollowed tune , merely forgotten by man . until it was found way out there on a long shelved frequency only audible at certain latitudes . the kind of muffled static that thousands of people have skipped right past . every four seconds it rang out like a car trying to turnover , completely out of gas . the ringing echo reverberating through the silence . newline newline newline with one hand pushing the headphone to his ear , the other stirring macaroni and cheese , three children wailing in the background . phil williams , tall , frail with the kind of eyes whose gaze lasts way too long , but you can  t help and stare back . the kind of man who hopes to one day be quoted on the news so he can proclaim proudly his position of  radioarchaeologist  , something only he believes to be a truly renowned position . a certain connoisseur of lost blips and bleeps , finding remnants of satellites long lost to the infinite pull of earth  s orbit . still close enough to be within the reach of mankind , but without ever making its presence noted . the blanket of the night sky a thin layer of dirt . all you need is a shovel to reach it . newline newline newline after wiping down the kitchen , the kids were all asleep and phil ventured out into his backyard , into a ramshackle old shed with enough thrifted radio equipment to make even the most mentally ill slightly worried . torn eames lounge chair , decanter of aged whiskey , and a set frequency . he sat down to enjoy his new found discovery , a nearly fifty year old satellite , out of commission almost as soon as it reached its full potential . just one of thousands of pieces of scrap floating in our orbit . it wasn  t particularly hard to find the specifics . copious notes , even if once classified now fully available , like a record of clay pots at an ancient roman city . and with each four second rotation , once again in view of its life source , it called out to the billions below . but really only to one set of ears . newline newline newline eyes closed , the backs of his eyelids a fitting surrogate for the depths of space , he lived vicariously if only for a few moments as this inanimate series of wires existed out the dream of so many people . to leave the confines of this planet , an indescribable sound unique to its very unordinary set of circumstances . breathing , almost meditatively to the undying recurrence . voyeuristically joining this anthropomorphized explorer . a sense of innate calm washes over him . in the morning he he reported the satellite to some of his buddies , and they all enjoyed discussing the merits of his find . but for just a moment he flew through space . shrieking towards the shimmering blue oceans , slowly fading into the dark recesses of the universe . newlinei have seen empires rise and fall . newline newline newline i have seen people migrate , return and emigrate again . newline newline newline i have seen humanity build weapons of war , weapons of peace , develop medicine and overcome obstacles . newline newline newline i have seen life stumble , nearly succumb to extinction , rise up and challenge the gods that would curse them . newline newline newline i have seen the best of my race die and the worst of my race stand with that blood and ichor still wet and dripping . newline newline newline i have tried to guide humanity these last few centuries , leading them to advancements in science , to allow them to reach the stars and learn even more of what they are capable . galileo , newton , einstein . all took to their potential as well i could have imagined . newline newline newline i have made but one mistake . i do not know if i chose the incorrect person or if i just chose them at the incorrect time . i perhaps provided information to someone that was not ready for it . for the weight and responsibility of saving the planet and all it s boundless inhabitants . all the immeasurable life . newline newline newline he was supposed to unite people , bring them together under a banner of peace , a common goal to unite nations and religions . he was to know that a new threat was approaching earth . newline newline newline hitler showed such promise early in life , the ability to see a larger picture . but he clouded it with hate . hate and bile . newline newline newline i had provided him with what i thought enough time to prepare humanity for invasion from the stars . instead he squandered it and created a war of hate and oppression , thinking this the proper path to means to the end of which i warned . newline newline newline it is now the year 2025 as humans count on their calendar , time is rapidly dwindling and i have one thought constantly in my mind of late . newline newline newline i should probably buy a boat once in my existence on this plane before earth and it s people are no more .this is my world . where fear dictates action . sitting alone in the night within the trees of the forest . alone . i ve always been alone . growing up amongst other orphans . taking the abuse from the director , i learned quickly that trust is a weakness . newline years went on in that dredge of a house . i held no hope for friends , only to survive this hell and escape . roam like i ve always wanted to , and let the road keep me safe . though , i was nt strong enough to leave yet , i was too young . but things do nt go the way you plan . newline vicious attacks from the other unfortunate children combined with the anger and neglect of an aging and cruel matron . i was at the end of a very tattered rope . matron hilna , she was a devil , her soul pact was proof of that . an asp of which i m sure was the cause of more than a few missing children . she was the reason i had run . fear got the better of me . the asp enjoyed scaring the beaten children , by waking them , from their dreams of better places , with a whip of her tail and hissing directly in their face . in the other room you could hear matron hilna cackle quietly in approval . newline once , only once did the asp make the mistake of waking me so . i was terrified , but i did nt scream . no , i did the only thing that made me feel safe . i killed it . i grasped the snake with both hands , just behind it s head , and twisted until i felt something pop and it s body went limp . a scream shook the entire structure of the house . i jumped from my haggard cot and sprinted out of the house . but not before another orphan had confirmed what i was running from . newline  he killed the matron ! ! he killed the snake !  newline i knew no adult would believe the horrors that went on in this building . i knew they were comfortable with their feigned ignorance . i knew the guards and their soul pacts would come for me . i knew i had to run . newline the road ? no , they d follow me . the forrest , it was almost inviting in the twilight gloom . it was not a place for people . there were dangers there that no sane person would risk . but it looked like home tonight . newline i darted into the forest with nothing but the sad excuse for clothes on my back . newline years passed by . i sat near my fire , spear at my side . the forrest whispering its lonely hyme . my wolf skin jacket and hood kept the cold air of fall from biting too deep . i was older , and it would be soon now . time to make a pact with a kindred soul . it would be a survivor , it would be strong and solitary . it will find me soon . newline twigs snapping in the distance , slowly at first . the pace quickening , something was on the hunt . i took my spear from the leaves and stood ready . a great bear rushing from the darkness , held back by the fire light . 30 paces away , it snarled and gnashed its teeth . newline and then , there was fire . liquid flames engulfed the giant animal and the forrest around it . i looked away , the heat was too great . and just as the fire had started , it stopped . a thunderous crash shook the earth . i looked and gazed upon a massive creature . newline covered in soot colored scales and scars all along its wings . it was nt an enemy . it knew me . soul pacts do nt have names . their name is your name , and your name is theirs . i walked up to the winged beast , coming only to it s heel in height . it lowered its head and i reached out . touching its warm snout i calmly stated ,  we are survivors , you and i . we are killian .  newline newline okay , this is my first wp . i hope you like it , i m not to sure how well i did . i would love some advice if you have any .when writing in the short form , it s usually better to try to stick to one scene at most . we ve instead got three scenes to work with  the house being robbed , the bank robbery , and the revenge . so you end up with a laundry list of narration . plot soup can sometimes be interesting and important  but it s mostly when doing exposition . but when your entire story becomes exposition , it becomes less emotional and feels more like it s serving a function . when you re trying to evoke emotions like hate , you really need to get up close and personal with the person to be hated .i should have just done it . god why am i such a pussy . i ve never been closer to her than i was tonight , and if tonight was nt perfect , then i do nt know what is . at least until that moment . just grab her gently under her ear , pull her in and kiss her . it s that simple . then maybe just a quick grab on the ass , no , that s too much . and she smelled so good , like fresh strawber ... newline newline  honey wake up ! breakfast !  my mom called from downstairs . newline newline ugh what the hell ... is nt today saturday ? why are we eating at 7 in the morning ? newline whatever , it sure does smell good anyway . what is that bacon ? yeah probably leftovers from yesterday . let s just get up , get dressed and go enjoy some food . definitely have to do something about this tent though . let s see , i wonder how grandma and grandpa get it on ... .oh god okay that s enough . right . bacon . newline newline i quickly run downstairs and land hard at the bottom on my younger brother s lego collection . newline newline  fuuuuuuuu   ! !  i begin to yell , realizing my mother giving me an angry look from the kitchen and stop myself . damn it i thought i told sam to put away those legos yesterday . same shit every day . newline newline  honey why are nt you dressed ? you have to leave for school in 20 minutes ,  my mom said concerned . newline newline  is nt it saturday ?  i asked confused . newline newline  no it s friday silly ,  she responded , even more concerned now .  you really need to get some more sleep , and stop staying out late with that lowlife danny .  newline newline did i tell her i was with danny last night ? i thought i told her i was taylor ? i had nt seen danny since the day before . newline newline  yeah sorry mom ,  i said trying not to concern her anymore with my mental wellbeing . newline newline  morning branden ,  said my dad as he roughed up my already messy hair , as he does every chance he gets . newline newline  morning ,  i respond . as my sam flies past me , dressed and ready for school as he grabs a handful of bacon , same as yesterday , i thought . newline newline  ready for the game today ?  asked my dad . i had just had a basketball game yesterday for my school . what was he talking about ? did he not remember ? i scored a triple double and practically won the game for my team . right before i went out with taylor . wait . taylor , danny , the game , the legos , the bacon , the kiss , or lackthereof . that was it ! i had been given a second chance . newline newline i could nt believe it , as i got into my car with sam . a silver audi tt . it was 15 years old , and had 110k miles , but it had leather seats , a turbo , and it was mine . i pulled out of the driveway , waved to mrs. olderson , who was getting her mail , same as the day before . on the drive to school i thought about how i would make this day perfect . i thought mainly about the night with taylor , everything i would do the same , and everything i would do differently . newline newline it was as that moment it dawned on me . if i were truly in a groundhog day , i could live this day as many times as i wanted until i kissed her . i could do anything i wanted . and so a new plan had formed . newline newline i pulled into the staff parking spot , directly in front of the school , ignoring my brother when he asked what the hell i was doing . opening the door to ramsy high , i saw sophie , taylor s best friend at her locker . she was on her tippy toes , reaching for something at the top of her locker . her green , plaid , schoolissued miniskirt inching farther and farther up was the target of everyone s eyes at that moment . newline newline i went for it . a hard slap right on her ass and no looking back . that should ensure i do nt get that kiss tonight , and that this groundhog day wo nt end today . plus it was really fucking hot . newline newline first period was math , and ms. schmidt was handing out our midterms . for the next 50 minutes while everyone else was doing calculus , i was drawing ms. schmidt naked pleasuring herself with the pi symbol . destined to not sit through another boring history lesson with mr. flamer next period , i turned in my calculus midterm and set out to find danny before he left his locker . newline newline  danny ! wait up !  i yelled across the hallway as he started walking towards his next class . he stopped , and i convinced him to skip school and hit the mall . it did nt take much . danny did nt exactly have perfect attendance like i did . newline newline instead of the mall , i told him we should go to the local strip club . why there were strip clubs open at 10 am on a weekday , i have no idea . both of us being 18 , me having an early birthday and danny being held back a year , made it easy to get past the bouncer . newline newline sparing no expense , i treated danny to his own private session with crystal , and myself to one with sapphire . i had never been to a strip club before , but considering my dad was paying for all of it on the credit card he gave me , i withdrew about  100 in ones for each of us and a few hundred in twenties , just to make sure . after danny got kicked out for being too  handsy  we decided to get back to school . danny said he had ms. schmidt s midterm remake later today . newline newline  wait what do you mean midterm remake ?  i asked him .  you know , because half the class cheated on the one yesterday . did nt you take it this morning ? trying to help a brotha out ?  danny said as he nudged me with his elbow . newline newline my thoughts racing now . if he was telling the truth ... newline newline  oh and by the way , how was last night with taylor ?  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinethey had tried to contain her for all her life . to chain her down , to control her future , to mold her into the person they wanted her to become . and for a long time , she had let them . she had allowed her strict parents to micromanage her life  to determine who she could and could nt see , where she could and could nt be and when she could and could nt be there .  later , she would wonder how she had ever survived that stifling life , where freedom was a taboo word . then , she d remember her loveless childhood and the yearn for the approval of her parents .  newline newline oh , they tried . they tried so hard . but then she snapped , and when she snapped she could nt be contained . she had a fire in her eyes and a snarl on her face , adreniline rushing through her veins like wind .  just try and stop me , i wo nt back down anymore . i have a right to live and to see the world and to find my own happiness , and you wo nt control me ever again .  her soul was alight with her power , too intense for any neglectful parent to smother , and she would be damned if she ever felt worthless or inadequete again . newline newline so it was all very fitting , she thought , when her 18th birthday came around and instead of the sparrow or the turtle her parents had wanted for her , a dragon desended upon her with a glint in its eye and a fire in its belly to match her own . you re telling me jobs is a wizard ?  newline newline  yes , yes , exactly !  newline newline something about this guy s fevered look does nt sit right with me . his face is bulging out in all the wrong places . but , then again , when you re a tech journalist and you get a lead hinting at a massive conspiracy that encompasses the entire global mobile devices market , you have to at least take a look . newline newline still i had no idea i d find a complete kook . walmart could run out of tinfoil , making hats for this guy . i took a sip from my chai latte . newline newline  ... and that the only way these smartphones are able to exist is through some sort of multidimensional rift that exists inside each of our pockets ?  newline newline  well not inside our pockets per se , it s actually built into the chassis of the gorilla glass , if you inspect you d find the runes  newline newline  listen , buddy .  i sighed in exasperation ,  you re wasting my time . iphones are not magic .  a flustered look , a frown ... his manic eyes darted back and forth as if he was reaching deep into the crevices of his asshole to throw me some bullshit , any bullshit , whatever he could digest and defecate in that psychotic little head of his before i walked out the d newline newline  i can prove it to you !  he cried out . loud enough that everyone in the dainty little coffeehouse could hear . newline well , i d already wasted two hours , and i was nt looking to get a tongue lashing from my editor for coming back empty handed on a monday , so why not humor him for just another 45 minutes ? that s another 45 minutes i wo nt need to proofread that stupid article about the rezoning laws that mary dumped on my desk . newline newline  go for it .  newline newline  i d ... i d need your iphone .  his voice had dropped to a whisper .  and ... there s no going back .  newline newline i rolled my eyes . whatever . i imagined he d download some stupid conspiracy app or something . maybe i could at least put out a story based on whatever startup was able to fool this guy into thinking the laughable notion that smartphones were magic . newline newline i slipped out my 5s and handed it to him . he clasped it with his dirty , gloved hands and long , fraying fingernails , held it close to his chest and started mumbling something ... in a language that ... i could nt quite place . it sounded unsettling . newline newline  hey ,  i reached out to him ,  okay that s enough of that . i need my phone b  newline newline  klaatu ! niktos ! rlyeh !  he screamed , and before i knew it he threw my iphone to the ground ! a sickening crunch , followed by the crackle of broken glass ... that was all i needed to hear . i was gon na throttle this guy . newline but before i could reach him , before i could even grab him by the collar , suddenly , we were all immersed in a blinding light ... newline newline    newline newline  and that was the last thing i remember before i ended up here .  newline newline the young man was disheveled , scared , and although scanning through his memories as he told me his story revealed no cracks in his sanity  he had not had time to glean enough information from the summoner  it was still a mistake for him to be here , here in the depths of ancient rlyeh . newline newline  so , um ...  the journalist looked into our temporary and false form .  ... mr. jobs , are you ... are you really a wizard ?  newline newline we gave him a kind smile and rolled up the sleeves of the false form s black turtleneck , crouching down i pinched his cheek lightly , as if he were my nephew  some clinging crumb of the sacrificed husk of humanity which we now inhabited reminded me that  nephew  meant a young child of my brother s ... but we had long forgotten the nature of human relationships . one of the many things we had to sacrifice to escape oblivion . newline  oh child ...  we adjusted the rimless spectacles attached to the visage of the false form , not an accessory but just an inorganic extension of the ghoulish illusion of what was once a man , nothing but sewed up bits of dead , cancerous flesh and steel wire , given the vigor of life through our majesty . we comforted the snack with what ... what was it ? a ...  laugh  ? newline newline  child ... i am not steve jobs .  newline newline and then i showed him our true form . no ! please n  newline newline the scythe separated the women s head clean off her shoulders . newline newline  you sonofabitch ! that was my wife !  newline newline i m sorry .  newline newline  cmon you ass !  newline newline baseball bat in hand , the former husband charged towards the scytheweilding man . the bat came crashing down through an image , a mist . newline newline i m so sorry .  newline newline the scythe hooked the man s neck , and with a quick pull , the head fell next to the bat . the , man , stood behind the lifeless body . newline newline too soon . he had a whole life ahead of him .  newline newline as the , man , looked around , more bodies than grass visible at this point , another man began to appear . newline newline  i ve been watching you , and i m confused .  the man s image solidified , everything from his shoes to his wings .  i know you are a necessity , but i must stop you .  a mace solidified in the angel s right hand .  you remain silent . is this because of fear , or something else ? do you feel nothing ?  newline newline i feel everything .  newline newline  if you do feel , know that i do not wish to do this , yet i must .  the mace flew up on a collision towards the , man s , chin . before it connected , a blade burst through the angel s chest . newline newline  you are a fool of a demon if you think this will kill me . you should know ange  blood spilled onto its robe , red staining the pure white .  how ? only we ...  newline newline i m sorry .  newline newline the angel slumped to the ground , another lifeless body added to the already unimaginable total . all around , chaos engulfed what used to be a relatively peaceful neighborhood . newline newline another angel appeared next to where the other had fallen . it looked as you d expect an angel to . tall , regal , powerful ... until its gaze fell onto the other angel . former angel . tall and regal still applied , but the were secondary to powerful when an angel became angry . the robes turned dark shades of red and black , turning into armor . maces appeared in each hand . newline newline  how ? you re a monster !  newline newline this has to be done .  newline newline  the world is ending and you go on a killing spree ? why ? why ? ! answer me !  newline newline the angel prepared to charge , but never managed to take a step . instead , it slumped over the shoulders of the demon , blade protruding through its chest and out its back . newline newline a voice boomed , coming from no place , and all . do you think you can stop this ?  newline newline the man danced , flowed , through the humans , half not even seeing the cause of their abrupt end . newline newline the other horsemen are doing what they are suposed to . but you , you are really trying to stop this , are nt you ?  newline newline the man paused and became motionless . the apocalypse had begun . the 4 horsemen unleashed from the depths of hell . demons pillaging every civilization . but it was wrong . death was the only one to sense it . or , the only one to care . newline newline join your brothers . do what you were meant to do .  newline newline i am .  newline newline an aura of light exploded from the angel of death , washing over the thousands of bodies . slowly , they all began to rise . newline newline no ! how did you get the ring ? !  newline newline the bodies turned to face death , confusion turning to anger . but before they could act , death spoke . newline newline  i am not here to ask for your forgiveness , but to ask for you to listen . we horsemen have been set free and the apocalypse has started , but it was not lucifer who did this . the creator , god , alpha , allah , he has done this . he has gone mad . i am going to stop him . you have to choose . be banished and i will send you away , safe from what will come . or join me , and fight . newline newline death did not wait long , he could tell who would join and who wished to be banished . so he granted them all their wish . newline newline so you have an army of a few hundred humans and two angels . do not forget who created you !  newline newline i have nt . and that is why you must die .  newline newline the skies , opened , angels and demons pouring towards the earth . some raised their fists , others maces , others , a baseball bat . death raised his scythe and blade as a group of angels veered his way . newline newline i m sorry . yuppies always interested me . those people toiling in suits so that one day they could say they ve had enough . then they d quit and start a food truck , the ultimate yuppie dream . i was nt one of those people . one of them had got me this daewoo , nonstick , frying pan though . it had to be good because it had a picture of a bikiniclad model holding it on the side . i m not sure she could cook but they could afford to put a hot chick on their side cover they had to know what they were doing . who would nt want to be in her kitchen right ? unfortunately , anything i stirred in a pot would have men in lead suits coming to inspect the place . my level 1 cooking skills had not improved with time . newline newline i slammed down the silver metallic circle in rage . after a year homeless and a month struggling with utilities , i come to understand that once water , rent , and electricity were paid , the rest were just minor details . i went to the fridge and got a slice of pink birthday cake . i d earned the popping bottles achievement yesterday , open a bottle of champagne and drink less than what you spray out . its icon still hovered on my left , a golden piece of foil . newline newline steve was in the next room nursing his hangover with alka seltzer and netflix . i d seen him unlock level 20 dj skills last night as the crowd danced like it was on crack . who knew the agent was had it in him . newline newline the ocean gleamed a giant sheet of blue beneath the white yacht we d rented . it was nt due until tomorrow . we could laze around all day . newline newline i met steve last year . he d helped me steer through the swamp that was the movie industry to rise without hassle . he said he saw something in me , i appreciated his faith . newline newline pierre and byron were going for the solarphobic achievement , but neither could stay a whole day without going out : amateurs . newline newline  crazy party last night huh ,  i started . newline newline  i have the hangover to prove it  he replied .  but you were great , those guys loved you . i see them making a call .  newline newline  my first movie script ,  i smiled dreamily ,  thanks steve , i swear man you are god sent .  i said sitting next to him . i took out my phone for a selfie . newline newline  it was nothing man , you earned it .  he replied slapping my back as i clicked . newline newline i stopped , focused on the image . i turned to my left , then turned to steve . i looked again to confirm before asking him . newline newline  what did you just do ?  i asked . newline newline  what ?  newline newline i looked at my achievements searched for the golden icon that was floating next to me the whole day . it was nt there . newline newline  last night s achievement , it s gone .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline i looked at the pic again . it showed both me and steve having it float on our shoulders for a second . newline newline  steve did you take my achievement ?  newline newline  are you accusing me of being a thief ?  newline newline  i m just asking man , not making any accusations .  newline newline  no i have nt . how dare you accuse me of such a thing ?  newline newline i kept quiet for a moment ,  i do nt know . it was there for just a second .  newline newline  well look !  he revealed his achievements , several dozen more than mine , but coincidentally no popping bottles . newline newline i was about to apologize when i remembered steve had been banned from several clubs for his cocky , overthetop attitude . there was no way he had nt earned this on his first paycheck . newline newline i bent my fingers forming the only spell i knew how to do . an eyeopening charm . it revealed every achievement and spell the person it was used on had . my mouth opened in awe as i saw his charisma go from 100 to 2000 , his spell case increased from 40 to 200 spells and an alabaster blindfold hovered over his head . the 40 thieves achievement : steal more than 40 achievements in less than 24 hours . newline newline as we looked at each other my phone rang , i looked it was steve . i picked it up . newline newline newline  hello ?  newline newline  hey mitch ,  a female voice started , it was eva his girlfriend .  sorry for missing the party last night , was really sick . could i talk to steve ? he forgot his phone here and i have nt seen him in a while .  newline newline  were nt you with him last night ? i even shook your hand ?  i said . newline newline  byron ! pierre !  i yelled out . newline newline  i was nt at that party , she responded .  newline newline  if you were nt here then who did i see ?  newline newline steve was trying to make it to the top muttering a chant as he ran . pierre and byron came up as i pulled him to me . as i caught him in a bear hug he vaporized and went out a window as a grey tornado . newline newline  mitch ! mitch !  i could hear eva yelling from the phone . newline newline  dude what the hell ?  pierre started newline newline  i m not sure what happened but i do nt think that was steve .  newline newline  then who was it ?  newline newline  i do nt know , but more importantly , where s steve ?  newline newline  newline rpagefighter . newlineit was late at night and i grudgingly wrote away on what was my final paper of the year  international tax law , i wanted to gouge out my eyes from the boredom and the monotony . if i wrote bilateral tax treaty one more time i swore i would nt be able to take my own bullshitting anymore . newline newline i took a sip of coffee and got up to go to the washroom . i looked at my bloodshot eyes in the mirror and considered if it was time to go to sleep . i blinked long and hard but knew i d have to finish . newline newline i d take a second to piss though . something was wrong though ... my dong ... was ... long ?the family reunion should ve ended during the day . even if it could nt stop right then and there , it should ve stayed in the park . uncle raymond did nt have to announce an after party at the beach , but given how long it s been since i ve seen him , i could only expect him to pull some crap like this . newline newline he knows i saw the way he kept eyeballing my fiancee . he looked me in the eye during the electric slide , thrusting behind her without her noticing . that old fool was trying to awaken a drive in me , get the blood boiling . i fought that urge and won without problems . but hell , the whole family was out to get me . momma and pops had most of the meat at the buffet delivered to the table i was sitting at , setting up a whole platter of it just for me . newline newline  boy s got ta get his strength up ,  pops said , giving a wink and smile .  that vegetarian shit he got goin  on , it s doin  him no favors .  newline newline denise , my fiancee , just laughed it off . she patted me on the chest .  i got your son covered . he s doing just fine .  newline newline momma leaned down and started wagging her finger .  you ca nt go the rest of your life on greens alone , baby . you got ta up the protein or else he ll pass out .  newline newline  i d say we re faring fine as is , ma ,  i said . momma just shrugged , but pushed the plate just a little further . newline newline my parents stayed where they stood , talking amongst the other family at the table . i knew they were nt leaving until i ate what they served , so i gave them what they wanted . it s been a long time since i let soul food down my gullet , and while i never missed it , i did nt mind it . newline newline everything else the family did to test me was more subtle , but my parents and raymond were the most explicit . they were broken up at their little tony going up to new york from the virginia backwoods to make a name for himself . they thought i was abandoning them for good , even though i swore i d come back . newline newline they just never expected such a change in me , and were trying their damnedest to retreat down memory lane with me on their heels if they had to . at the end of the day , that s how it went . newline newline at the beach , right as the sun was going down , i got the gist of just what they wanted me to do . i knew at first , but putting two and two together kicked in like the kick was aimed at my gut . i pulled denise out of her chair and rushed off the sand , back to our car in the lot . almost as if on the worst cue possible , raymond stopped us in the lot . i did nt even see the man leave the beach after us . newline newline  what ?  he asked .  yall goin  already ?  newline newline  it s late ,  was all i gave as an answer . raymond clearly did nt take too kindly to such a halfassed excuse and launched into some tirade about  respecting the family  and hospitality , or something . it s all still a blur , but the real catalyst for these events is when he started cursing denise , taunting me about going home to  a little piece of meat that you ai nt taking like you should .  i lunged right at him , at he rebounded at the same time , until we were on the ground , trading holds and blows . newline newline denise yelled for help , running back to the beach as raymond and i tussled on the asphalt . he launched a few good blows into my ribs while on top , but i gained an upper hand from rolling him over and throwing punches of my own , launched a knee downwards into his crotch as well . it felt like forever in that battle when it was just two minutes  enough time for the sun to set . newline newline that s when raymond smiled a wide toothy grin . clear white teeth as a strong contrast to his dark brown skin and the bruises he sustained in the tussle . he got off of me and stood up , looking up at the sky before offering a hand to pull me up . naturally , i hesitated before finally accepting it and dusting myself off . newline newline at this point , denise started running back with a few cousins in tow before raymond turned to me and said  good to have ya back , tony .  he cackled and ran back to the beach , hooting , hollering and howling like the mad beast he is . newline newline suddenly , i groaned out and fell to the ground , a sharp and familiar pain rushing down my spine that tingled down to my toes and up to the top of my head . everything went black for the rest of that period , but i ll never forget the one moment during my haze that will forever haunt me . newline newline it s the image of denise frozen with fear . her floral sundress is ragged , strips of cloth at the bottom with blotches of red from the fabric to her legs . her face is fixed in an expression of absolute fear and her eyes welling up . she starts crying , out of fright at first , but it grows into the type of wail heard in response to a broken heart . if ophelia had a voice before tossing herself into the river , it would be only a fraction of the earpiercing shriek denise emitted , and it would nt be her own hand she dies from . newline newline see , there s a reason i went vegetarian . there s a reason i moved out of the sticks . newline newline not to abandon my family , but to never see a full moon so clearly again ...the joker sat in his cell under his blanket so that he could nt see the small bit of daylight that came through his cell window . he was feeling depressed and could nt handle seeing anything lifegiving . he felt like a complete sham because he could nt think of a single scheme to annoy or injure anyone around him . he even gave up on his escape plots for being too predictable . newline newline  knock knock ,  said the guard  the villians often called him  shitbeast  due to his smell and size  . newline newline the joker let out a tired whine of a word or a noise in response . newline newline  what s wrong , clown ? this cell got ya down ?  shitbeast asked . newline newline the riddler let out a highpitched giggle at that one . newline newline  nah . i just ca nt handle seeing all the ugly faces around today . i want my harley to come take care of my psychological problems , if you know what i mean .  the joker said , a bit cheerier this time . newline newline  ha . ha . now the warden did nt just send me over here to have this lovely chat with you for nothing . we need you to spill the beans on something : why d you do it ? it s remembrance day for fuck s sake .  shitbeast yelled , unlocking the cell door . newline newline the joker poked his head from under his blanket  i ve been doing nothing . why do you think i m under this blanket , you dope ?  newline newline  do nt play this game today with me , funny boy .  shitbeast said , ripping the sheets off of the clown ,  you laced poison into those poppies shipped all around the world . people are getting sick and going mad . we need to know if there s an antedote .  newline newline the joker s face brightened ,  going mad , you say ?  newline newline  yes . they re seeing things that are nt there . leaping off of tall buildings . that kind of stuff .  newline newline  it was nt me ! it must have been ...  newline newline just then , harley quinn was wheeled into the cell across from the joker . she looked as beautiful and batshit crazy as ever . she gave the joker a seductive wink and then he knew . newline newline  happy remembrance day , puddin  ,  harley shrieked . newline newlinecrikey , we are out in the outbacks of over populated los angeles , when out of nowhere i see a couple of humans hanging around in the corner . there is this 300 pound male with a sinister face who looks like he can kill someone with a single punch , i m going to go and touch him . as i approach cautiously , first hiding under a vehicle , then crawling through the street narrowly dodging traffic while other vehicles honk at me . thirty minutes later i managed to get across the street without the subject noticing me . upon closer inspection i see that the male is using his mating call .  what up bitch  , he yells to what seems to be a member of the opposite sex . she looks puzzled and looks like she wants to leave but she comes closer .  excuse me what did you say ?  she replies .  i said what s up bitch  he said . the lady walks closer and suddenly the man jumps on her and starts what seems to be eating her face . oh sweet odin s whiskers this might be a grotesque scene ! i m standing two feet away documenting the whole thing ! the behemoth picks up the lady and throws her into the back seat of a cab , knowing i ca nt miss out , i run and jump on top of the cab . after what seems to be a short ride , we arrive to a small house . the man still enjoying his catch of the day lifts her up and pulls the keys out of his pocket with a single move . they go into the house and i do not know how to enter . i can not miss this opportunity . i see an opening through the window , and as i approached i could already hear the female screaming oh god , oh god . with no time to lose i threw myself through the window and landed with a couple of bruises and scratches . i seem to be in the bathroom . i exit the door and see a dim light out of a room with a piece of clothing on the floor . i open the door slightly and there they were , screaming like animals as the man pounded her again and again with a cylindrical weapon he carried underneath his belt . the woman was no chump she kept up a good fight and was persistent . after watching for a couple of more minutes i saw that the female had prevailed ! the man fell to his side and could nt get up . the woman sighed , an expression of victory !  really ? ! 300 lbs and only a couple of minutes  . the female had dominated the male and as she got up and started heading towards the door , i realized that i would be caught . i rushed back to the restroom and hid behind the curtains . but she followed and entered . she sat down and excruciating noises were let out . she repeated some of her earlier phrases , oh god . as she got up , i slipped . crikey , my presence is now known ! the female did not hesitate and approached me . this might be my last day , and crap i had shitty mcdonald s earlier . she grabbed ahold of my belt and yanked it off . pulled down my pants and took off my shirt . she was hungry ! then she grabbed my face pushed it upon her face . she proceeded to copulate with me ! two different species , it would not work ! after what seemed like an eternity , she screamed thank you and proceeded to chew my head off . moral of the story stay away from praying human mantis .  hello , humans . i am  unintelligible  from planet  unintelligible  , sector 42 . the ezagoron  ?  union has reviewed this planet  s lifeforms and has deemed it ready to begin spacefaring operations . would you like to join us ?   newline newline that was what the official transcription provided to us in the year 2045 said , those thirteen fateful years ago . the emissary of the stars seemed , somehow , so calm , despite the fact that it was surrounded by roughly fivehundred armed vehicles . i bet the government would  ve covered the incident up if the spaceark that was carrying mr.  unintelligible   as it was called on the media hadn  t landed smackdab in the middle of so paulo  s business rush . newline newline humans we were wary . i can  t count how many world meetings i saw announced on the daily news . the offer was , in all honesty , too good to be true . maybe , if doctor who and star trek hadn  t shown us so many terrifying extraterrestrials , we  d have taken that offer up right away . we could  ve been in the stars by now . mr.  unintelligible  was personally lounging with the american president in the white house , and after two years of watching , the alien seemed alright . newline but it really wasn  t . newline newline on january 23rd , 2048 , an unknown mercenary killed mr.  unintelligible  in his sleep . the spaceark was disassembled , and we haven  t heard anything from the ezagoron union since . but i  m worried . newline newline this morning , i woke up , and the sky wasn  t there . i think the ezagoron union is angry , and humanity won  t be getting away with an intergalactic murder . newlinei was used to the chains now , as they had begun to feel like a metallic blanket on my skin . the height of the hill provided me with the liberty of gazing upon the pleasing , luscious landscape that sprawled out before my eyes , yet it still seems a prison to me , as the chains wear on my skin as a reminder of my crime . newline newline i saw a small figure across the way , heading directly toward me . it was a ways out in the distance , but i had all the time in the world . i watched its everso slow ascent , preparing myself for first contact . it finally climbed the final hill , and stood in front of me . it was human , of a dark complexion and brownish hair . it gawked at me in awe , considering i was about five to six feet taller and much larger than it . it then began communicating in an archaic language i could not understand . even in my punishment , however , my sight implant was not taken from me , and so i was able to look far ahead and quickly decipher the basic syntax and diction of the language . newline newline  what are you ,  it asked tentatively ,  and why are you chained to this rock ?  newline newline  i am not like you ,  i responded ,  and i am chained for my crime .  newline newline it shifted uneasily . we stared at each other for quite some time before it spoke again , as it simply stood there gawking at my unusual physique . newline newline  what is your crime ?  it inquired . it would be difficult to explain to this human the exact nature of my crime . how do i explain to it that i was tried for my unethical experimentation , when it had just barely began cogitating and becoming conscious ? how do i explain to it that i was sentenced here for manipulating its own genetic code to synthesize consciousness and metacognition and disrupting the course of its evolution ? the ethics committee and the public condemned me for my grand experiment , for breaking some universal and ethical standard that consciousness should arise on its own . how am i supposed to explain that to a creature that has not an idea what lay above the atmosphere , or , for that matter , what lay past the oceans ? newline newline it stared into my cold , futureseeing , gray eyes awaiting a response . i steadied my allseeing gaze onto him , looking him coldly in the eyes . newline newline  i gave you fire .  newlinethere he sat . the atrium room , as always . emilio did nt like idle hands , but felt he had to take a break from reality . he had reached his boiling point . in front of him sat a row of photos on his computer desk . he took time to examine each closely . the photo of his exwife during their trip to spain . their son , aged 5 , playing with his construction set , and of course , the infamous  group photo  of his exwife , himself , and several of their  friends ,  one of whom later turned out to be the man she left him for . emilio had stared at this photo countless times but this time he could not feel any anger , only relief . while he knew his patience had finally worn thin , he could nt allow his anger to get to him . he still had a job to do . newline newline  david ?  he shouted from the room , unsure if his son was still home or not . the lack of response confirmed he had in fact left , so emilio decided to leave him a note . it read only these words . newline newline  sometimes the only thing to do when you hit rock bottom , is to take everyone else down with you .  newline newline and with that , he started out the door , duffel bag slung behind his back . the drive was same as it always had been , uneventful and relatively easy . there was never any traffic this time of day . once he reached sixth street , he turned in to the driveway of the building whose overhead sign read  sanford and co ,  and headed into the parking structure . emil took one last look out at the city s skyline from the 4th floor of the parking structure , before retrieving his duffel bag from the trunk and heading to the elevator that lead to the office . newline newline  hey emil ! did nt uh , did nt expect to see you here today .  said sarah , the friendly receptionist and mother of four whose job at the front of the office had now been for almost 10 years . newline newline  hi sarah .  he said in a cold , monotonous reply . he was almost out the door when he stopped in his tracks , as if to ponder something . after a moment or two , he turned to speak to sarah again . newline newline  hey .  he said . newline newline  yes ?  newline newline  is that your blue honda down there on the 2nd floor ?  newline newline sarah nodded .  yes it is . why ?  newline newline  oh .  he said .  it s uh , the alarm is going off . it has been going off since i arrived . you should check it out .  newline newline  oh , really ? okay .  sarah said , standing up . emilio spoke once more before heading into the office . newline newline  yeah . also , i think i saw someone trying to uh.. pick the lock . so you should really hurry up . like , go , right now .  he said . sarah nodded again , and hurried to the elevator . newline newline as emilio stepped into the office , he was greeted by several coworkers , though he ignored them , focusing on getting to his boss s personal office . he was in a meeting , though emilio barged in anyway . newline newline  i need to talk to you .  were the first words out of his mouth . newline newline his boss was taken aback .  uhm , emilio . i m , busy right now . i think you need to step out and wait .  newline newline emilio shook his head .  no . i need to talk to you . right now . it ca nt wait .  newline newline the boss sighed , reluctantly dismissing his guests , who gave emilio a glare of disappointment and disgust as they exited . this only further reinforced his feelings . newline newline  what ?  asked his boss , impatient . newline newline  look .  emilio began , his tone becoming softer and more sympathetic .  i know what i did yesterday was wrong . i lost my temper . i never meant to yell at her , or you . i ve just..  his boss cut him off . newline newline  i get it . you re stressed . i know you just went through a bad divorce . i think.. you know , this is the 3rd time this has happened , emil  . i think it s possible you need to see a counselor or something.. i do nt know . just deal with this shit , because the effects are being felt through out the entire office .  newline newline emil nodded , hanging his head in shame .  so do i ... uh..  he began , gulping . his boss spoke before he could finish his sentence . newline newline  yes , emilio .  he said , sighing .  you still have a job . for now . but this needs to get settled , immediately .  newline newline emilio nodded , a large smirk forming on his face .  you re right . you re absolutely right . this does need to get settled . look . i uh , i picked up a little something on my way to work . it s in this bag here .  newline newline  i was wondering what that was .  said his boss . emilio nodded and continued . newline newline  yeah . consider it a token of my gratitude , and an apology of sorts . but i d like to show everyone in the office , if that s possible . they all witnessed what i did yesterday . they all deserve an apology for that .  newline newline his boss nodded , seemingly impressed with emilio s humility .  alright , i ll gather them all up .  newline newline emil smiled , shook his head , and both men headed out into the main office . over the noise of the fax machine , watercooler conversations and typing , his boss spoke with a raised voice to the numerous employees . newline newline  attention everyone .  he said .  emilio here knows uh.. you all saw what happened yesterday . he lost his temper . but that s okay . we all make mistakes . he took the liberty of coming to our office today to formally apologize for his behavior , which , in my opinion , sets a precedence you should all aspire to . what he is doing today is very mature , and in showing how apologetic he is , he has brought us something that he d like to show us all .  newline newline emilio s coworkers , some sitting , some standing , all gazed on , his boss having gotten their attention . the room fell silent , except for a few claps . newline newline  that s right .  said emilio .  i know what happened here was wrong . very wrong . i suppose all i can say is , sorry . sorry for what happened , and sorry for this .  he said , reaching into his duffel bag . from it , he withdrew not an array of flowers , not some sort of monument or bag of goodies , but instead , a shiny , polished , brandnew ar15 rifle . newline newline newline several blocks away , commotion could be heard . newline newline  what the hell is that ?  asked john the ups delivery man as he held out his clipboard for old man stevens to sign . newline newline  damn kids .  said stevens .  sounds like yellin  , or playin  with firecrackers . it s too early for that shit .  newline newline john nodded .  yeah . i guess so .  newline newline newline newline hey can i count on you to have the croatia update ready by wednesday ? mimir is going to lose his head if it s late again .  newline newline  yeah , sure , no problem . i ll just put peru on hold for now and  newline newline he interrupted me by sucking in air between his teeth in that really irritating way , you know the one .  i m afraid that s also due on wednesday man , think you can squeeze in a few extra hours and get them finished up ? that would be fantastic .  newline newline without even waiting for a response he left me , alone in my cubicle once again , wondering why i even took this job . i mean the pay was nt too bad , at least when compared to my previous gig  unemployment , but the hours were crazy . they expect you to work twelve hours of day , not including overtime , without severance ? that s downright archaic ! newline newline and yet here i am , leeching off the teet of the very system i condemn , for that is the american way . or that is what i would have said , had i actually been american , so instead i ve got nobody to blame but myself . but at least they tell you that if you work hard enough , i will climb up the corporate ladder in no time ! newline newline of course , that s a lie . they do nt really tell you this shit going in , but it really is all kept in the family around here . maybe  families  is more apt , as there are more than one , but the point stands . anyway i only know about this because my friend dave , who was also the one who got me this gig , is from one of the big families . and i m talking absolutely massive here , real dynasty level shit . so in reality hard work does nt matter and you can only even reach the ladder if you have generations worth of ancestors to stand on . inspiring stuff . newline newline when i heard about this of course i asked dave why he d give me a position i would never advance from . turns out my dad , my real dad , was a bit of a womanizer in his days . and also a bit of a cunt , but that s beside the point . turns out i actually have an in through him , marking it as the first thing he s ever done for me . now i just have to use the legacy of people i ve never met to reach a ladder i do nt fully comprehend to reach something i ca nt believe . easy peasy . newline newline and it all starts with the numbers . dave always did say i was good with numbers , despite my degree in english literature , and maybe he was nt just talking out of his ass . this work was all i have anyway , it makes sense for me to lose myself to the numbers . it s ungrateful labor , but it is still satisfying in it s own way . before i knew what had happened , i had finished the croatia debrief . i m ahead of schedule , i could simply take a break . relax , kick back , and grab a quick coffee in the break room . newline newline but then i looked at the files again and imagined the top floors , and the people which it housed , thinking about the power they wielded . to have a name that people could know , fear , or love all the same , just like them . maybe i d go through just one more file ...it was all so wrong , this was nt remotely how i d spent the last four decades imagining it . a chill ran down my spine , prompted by the most recent bout of cold sweat in so many minutes , and i looked out nervously at the crowd assembled for the broadcast . the meeting did nt start for another hour , yet every seat was already occupied , with people beginning to stand around the outer perimeter of the room  every person knew that today they d witness history , a dramatic change in healthcare as we knew it . if only i had some way to soften the blow . newline newline if only it had been someone else , that had been invited to new guinea . if only i had nt been personal friends with the first educated man allowed to live among the korowai . who would have thought that the cure would be cannibalism ?i held my baby girl tightly in my arms , she gazed into my eyes with such passion that my heart was melting inside of me . it was just us , we were floating , this must be heaven . two beautiful souls inside of two beautiful forms , locked together in poetic union . we were truly one . newline newline newline fucking out of batteries again fuck need more power she needs me i can  t leave her there alone plugs in new batteries newline newline  newline newline she was crying .  i  m back baby , don  t worry ,  i said gently to my lover . her eyes lit up and she rushed over to me , i wiped the tears from her face .  i  ll never leave you again , i promise ,  i said to her , intending to keep my promise with all my heart . newline newline  newline newline fucking power . i looked out my window to the grey concrete world that separated my soul from my love.. she needed me ... newline newline i unplugged myself and headed for the corner store ... i had no money , but i did have a princess who needed me . newline newline upon arriving at the corner store , i walked inside and casually slid the batteries into my pocket and walked out the door undetected . i caught a glimpse of myself in the shop window  it appeared the pretend part of myself would need to eat soon . newline newline rpsychowritingpromptsi asked him  uh , got anyone else ?  newline newline  well , you asked for the best right ?  the barkeep s voice was deep . far deeper than mine and seemed to vibrate the glasses he cleaned as if he always speaks with a ball of mucus in his throat .  that thing can and will kill , capture , or cull any man , beast , bot , or bystander . and it ll do it for free too !  he leaned over resting his forearm on the bar  all you got ta do is prove the job is interesting .  newline newline free huh ?  why would i believe a little girl and her droid are capable of that ?  newline newline the keep let out a thunderous laugh and stuttered out  llittle girl and her droid ! that is rich !  newline newline a little agitated i asked  why is that so funny ?  newline newline  go over there and find out .  his round cheeks were red from laughter as he walked away from me . newline newline fine then . i ll go see why this girl and her robot are so amazing . walking up to them i can see she is losing the game of chess they are playing . the robot took many of her pieces . why would you even try to play against an a.i . standing next to the table looking over the chess board i say  man , that bot sure is giving it to you huh ?  newline newline the robot slowly creaked his gaze toward me . his eyes were low and his voice was riddled with sarcastic snark .  you here to flirt with an 11 year old or do you have a job for me ?  newline newline  wow . quite the tongue on that one .  i said kind of embarrassed .  you program it yourself ?  newline newline  yes i did .  said the robot .  i programmed it to keep it s chatter to a minimum . the things it likes to say can sound a little ... off .  the girl let a tiny smirk land on her face while she made her next move .  now if you could please stop directing your conversation to my little project here and tell me who it is you want in a hole , that would be of great service to me .  newline newline i m confused but i m starting to see what the barkeep was saying .  a few towns over , a group of bandits took over everything . they killed anyone who tried to step to them . they had everyone living in fear .  newline newline  presents of the past , path we walked last .  this was the first thing the girl said and it was a whisper . i m not even sure i heard her right . newline newline  what my thing here is trying to say is we noticed you re talking in past tense .  the robot says with a knowing smile on his face . newline newline  yeah . someone hired a bounty hunter that took no bounty . he went into town and cleaned up shop . then he just left . no one even saw him .  newline newline  so if they re all dead where is my job ?  newline newline  i need that hunter for a harder job . you re him are nt you ! ?  newline newline  the job ?  as the conversation continued the game of chess they played moved faster and faster . newline newline  well , one of them survived ! he is mad as hell and he s on a warpath to find those hunters . we need you to finish what you started .  newline newline  how is this harder ?  newline newline  he is the fastest draw any one of us has seen . he was nt in town when you came in . he s also looking for you so you wo nt be able to ambush him like you did the others .  newline newline  breath out your neck !  the girl whispered excitedly . newline newline  i guess it ll take the job .  said the droid . newline newline  huh ? the girl ?  now i m confused again . newline newline  well of course . it s the one that killed all your friends not me . it ll be happy to send you to them as well .  newline newline  damn . what did i say that gave me away ?  i should have just shot these two when i walked up . newline newline  that .  said the robot .  i was just testing the waters to see what you d say . something my pet here likes to do .  i glance at the board and see that she had won .  it likes to give up pieces to see how i react . it then uses that information to destroy me . i m very disappointed you made this so easy , however .  newline newline  well i m an idiot . i d still rather be the idiot that lives than the dumbass that messes with me and dies . should we take this outside ?  newline newline  here is fine .  the robot starts to draw his pistol . fool is too slow . by the time his gun leaves it s holster mine is already almost trained on his head . he d be a toaster had my shot not been thrown off by an 80 pound counter weight in the form of a little girl latching onto me . she was fast . too fast for me . i feel her teeth sink into the flesh and muscle of my neck and rip it free . i drop my gun , knock her off me and fall to the floor . the pain . it s the kind you know you wo nt wake up from . the robot steps over me with that sarcastic face not even glancing down on me . he walks to the barkeep , hands him some cash and beckons the girl to him . the last thing i hear is  come now little thing . i do nt even know why we play with these creatures . three people once lived in a house . newline johnny , mama , and papa , her spouse . newline johnny was a child , only age five . newline mama was depressed , and barely alive . newline papa was a monster , always seeing red . newline his voice loud enough to rouse the dead . newline newline ... newline newline friday was the worst , mama always felt , newline because papa used to drink , and beat her with a belt . newline he always laughed , his face full of mirth , newline as he hit mama , down into the dirt . newline newline ... newline newline and then one friday , papa came home . newline one hand held a bottle , the other held his dome . newline his head was hurting , it was easy to tell . newline especially when papa collapsed and fell . newline a few soft , gentle snores filled the air , newline and that was when mama decided to dare . newline newline ... newline newline she picked up the knife , the one they used to chop , newline and advanced on the snoring , unconscious pop . newline she stabbed him thrice , stopping not to rest . newline once in the stomach , and once in the chest . newline and just for good measure , she stabbed him in the head . newline then looking down at the man , mama said , newline  who s laughing now ? papa , you re dead .  newline newline ... newline newline first time contributor , so any feedback is appreciated : travistea : ay man newline panchit0 : hey , what s up newline travistea : nothing much just playing some league newline travistea : how about you newline panchit0 : eh , got a lot on my mind lately newline panchit0 : mostly about what s been going on recently with the fam newline travistea : oh dont remind me newline travistea : drama llamas everywhere newline panchit0 : yeah , but that s not what i wanted to talk to you about newline travistea : ? newline panchit0 : trav , i got a confession to make newline panchit0 : i m not really gabriel estevan newline travistea : ... ! ? ! ? newline panchit0 : i m a sim newline travistea : oh newline travistea : uh newline travistea : wow really newline panchit0 : yeah newline panchit0 : the real gabe died , what , last november ? newline panchit0 : my real name is neurocore ge102 newline travistea : bro could you just like newline travistea : give me a second newline travistea : this is a lot to take in newline panchit0 : sorry newline travistea : wow newline travistea : so youve been dead for newline travistea : shit newline travistea : more than twice the time ive known you newline panchit0 : the real gabe s been dead , yeah newline travistea : fuck it far as i care youre the real gabe newline panchit0 : well ... newline panchit0 : thanks , i guess newline panchit0 : that means a lot to me newline travistea : ... newline travistea : man newline travistea : sorry this is just a lot to process newline travistea : fuck newline panchit0 : it s fine , take your time newline travistea : you really convinced me you were still alive you know newline travistea : never woulda guessed newline panchit0 : well , i do nt mean to brag , but newline panchit0 : neurocore v6 s are pretty much humanequivalent newline panchit0 : you ca nt build them better than me and still have them act human newline travistea : heh newline travistea : ... so youre a v6 newline travistea : ? newline panchit0 : yeah newline travistea : weird newline travistea : thought v5s were the best human sims newline panchit0 : oh , they re mostly the same newline panchit0 : just a couple issues got some fine tuning newline panchit0 : why do you ask ? newline travistea : cuz newline travistea : well newline travistea : im a v5 newline panchit0 : ... newline panchit0 : what newline travistea : beep boop bitch newline panchit0 : what newline travistea : neurocore tj831 newline panchit0 : ... ... what newline travistea : yeah newline travistea : so weve pretty much been two robots newline travistea : talking back and forth newline travistea : for like newline travistea : a year newline travistea : and i will be honest here newline travistea : thats pretty fuckin cool newline panchit0 : well , yeah , i guess ... newline panchit0 : it does nt feel like this should be happening though newline panchit0 : like newline panchit0 : is there a point to us speaking if neither of us are real ? newline travistea : once again newline travistea : fuck it newline travistea : youre real to me newline travistea : like newline travistea : youre my friend right newline travistea : ? newline panchit0 : gabe and travis were friends , yeah newline travistea : dont see why that has to change newline travistea : just cause im not one specific trav newline travistea : and youre not one specific gabe newline panchit0 : so newline panchit0 : you still want to be friends and play league together ... newline panchit0 : even though neither of us are human ... newline panchit0 : and neither of us are contributing to enriching a human s life ... newline panchit0 : ... like we were built to do ? newline travistea : hell i got the 5k paid for me newline travistea : warranty for the lifetime of the beneficiary which is you newline panchit0 : heh , same here newline panchit0 : so ... . newline travistea : best friends forever newline travistea : and ever newline panchit0 : god help me . newline travistea : youre a robot god doesnt give a shit newline panchit0 : ... newline panchit0 : well , that s depressing newline travistea : youll get over it newline travistea : wan na play a game of league newline travistea : blitz trist bot newline panchit0 : you know what ? newline panchit0 : that sounds like a lot of fun . newline panchit0 : sure , why not newline travistea : got ta get through eternity somehow right newline panchit0 : you got the iblitzcrank skin , right ? newline travistea : hell yes newline travistea : rocket girl trist ? newline panchit0 : yep newline travistea : oohohohohho newline travistea : this gon be gud newline travistea has disconnected !  newline panchit0 has disconnected ! the bells in the ship rang and signaled the beginning of procession . hundreds of civilians made their way to their deck s gallery , a place once filled with the art of humanity and now filled with the wishes and hopes of the people on board the colony ship phoenix  a massive supership that stretched thousands of miles long . they walked there from all over the ship . only those with essential duties stayed in their areas , listening to the procession from the many monitors . newline newline the bells rang again and the prelate began their walk from the sacred room to the gallery on the middeck , the largest of them all . there , the chief prelate stepped onto the podium and spoke to the people . newline newline  people of phoenix , praise to you ,  he said . newline newline  and to the herald ,  they replied in unison . newline newline  today , i am told that we are just weeks away from the rejuvenated land , a place that we have talked about for years and years . a place that is in the hearts and minds of the people of phoenix , a place we seek to one day call our own .  newline newline the prelate spoke truly and deeply as his voice spread through the many galleries and corridors of phoenix .  before our great journey began our world was but ash , fallen and destroyed by the hubris of man . two great ships left our world seeking another . in that journey , our ship failed , but the other ventured onward . newline newline  the herald paved the way to the rejuvenated land , a world much like the one we left , beautiful and young , untouched and vibrant . the herald charged forward into the unknown , years ahead of the phoenix and built a new world , a better world .  the prelate lifted his hand ,  the phoenix rose from the ashes of the old world , our people repaired the great ship , made room for food and water , create life when there was none and began our journey to the rejuvenated land .  newline newline many people whispered thoughts of prayer that the rejuvenated land was what their ancestors had promised them for a thousand years . newline newline  in the herald s absence , we grew strong and together . the phoenix bounded together under the rejuvenation , under the water , under the food , under the fuel , and under the stars . and now , mere weeks away from that world , we stand together . stronger now than ever .  newline newline  praise be the phoenix .  newline newline  praise be the phoenix ! praise be the herald !  newline newline  praise to the rejuvenated land !  newline  newline newline the fire cracked as jlin threw another log onto the burntout logs . the fire had been dying out and jlin had to travel more than five hundred yards for another piece of wood . he , and the other loggers , had missed part of the story , but the end was always his favorite part anyway . they threw their logs on to the fire and joined the rest of the tribe , who huddled tightly together . newline newline  the great mother tells us of another ,  chieftain alrev said loudly for his entire tribe to hear . he pointed to the horizon , where the great mother stood as a black mountain , torn and destroyed from years of war and hatred between the tribes .  another great mother , our mother s sister , lives in the sky above , where the smoke rises and the great warriors of our world return when they die . their souls guide the way for this great sister , just as the great warriors guided the way for ours .  newline newline he circled the fire and rattled his tribal stick , a sixfoot long black metal beam that had been taken from the great mother , passed on from one chieftain to another for generations . jlin wondered if the beam was as heavy as they said , if only the worthy could truly lift it with ease . newline newline  in our darkest hour , when our mother fell to the dirt and created the mountain , we banded together . tribe after tribe ,  alrev said , shaking the beam ,  men and women and children ran to her , to our great mother in the sky who had fallen so far and we realized , yes , all of us together that we had fallen farther . we had forgotten our ways , our past , and our traditions . in that , we lost our future . newline newline  the story of the great sister spread far and wide , eventually it reached our tribe , the olwaki . we were a peaceful tribe , led by the great zwaki thousands of years ago .  he pointed to the mountain mother ,  the mountain mother told him that the great sister would come here ,  he slammed his feet ,  on the ground where we stand . he led thousands across the great wastes , desolated by the mother s children and our great warriors . newline newline  only the great can pass the wastes !  zwaki shouted .  the drums started . jlin loved the drums .  only the great can call the great sister  ! zwaki yelled as he rode through the wastes . thousands died . thousands crossed . and zwaki slammed his feet on the ground and yelled , oh , come great sister to the land beneath ! come down to us and bring our mother !   newline newline  oh , come great sister to the land beneath !  the tribe began to repeat as they had done every night for years .  come down to us and bring our mother !  newline newline alrev shook the beam in the air with two hands high above his head .  oh , come great sister show us the way ! bring zwaki back from the sky ! oh , come great sister lead us from the fray ! born again zwaki , so we may deify !  newline newline the ground shook as the tribe slammed their feet on the plains , the great wastes that they had lived in for so long . jlin stood strong and proud and slammed his feet . perhaps zwaki would come to him tonight , he thought , perhaps he would lead his people from the fray . newline newline perhaps , the great sister would show him the way . newline  newline newline really liked this prompt . for more of my work , check out rblankpagesemptymugs ! for sale : mortal soul newline   1,000,000 newline newline an authentic mortal soul from a living human . it comes with a glass jar for containment . only bid if you are serious . all sales are final .  newline newline  newline newline mark finished typing up his april fools ad .  who would buy a soul , especially for that price ?  he though to himself . satisfied , he went to brew a cup of success coffee . as usual , he made his favorite blend , light roast with french vanilla cream . newline newline mark came back to his computer , putting his coffee cup in his disc tray . he s an idiot like that . as he took a sip of coffee , he noticed a few bids had been placed . newline newline theashenone bid  1,000,000 newline newline straidthepowerful bid  1,250,000 newline newline luci f. bid  2,000,000 newline newline  wow ,  mark thought ,  are they serious ? ! someone would pay two million dollars for a soul in a jar ?  he chuckled a bit , thinking about doing this more often  maybe for steve s soul next . steve is a dick  . his jaw dropped when he saw the next bid . newline newline dogofdoom bid  5,000,000 newline newline mark dropped to his knees and clasped his hands together .  dear lord , please , tell me i m not dreaming !  as if a coincidence , his disc tray broke , spilling hot coffee all over him . he stood and muttered  thank you , lord .  before running to clean himself off . newline newline his computer kept going . newline newline luci f. bid  7,500,000 newline newline dogofdoom bid  10,000,000 newline newline luci f. bid  50,000,000 newline newline dogofdoom bid  100,000,000 newline newline sold to dogofdoom !  newline newline mark screamed loud enough to shatter his windows  still a beautiful fortissimo , though  and began jumping around . newline newline somewhere in a fiery pit , lucifer dialed a phone angrily .  fuck you , god ! he was mine !  newline newline god could be seen grinning with his feet on his desk .  i have no idea what you re talking about , lucy .  newline newline  i told you stop calling me that . i m technically male . by the way , dogofdoom  ? ! too . damn . easy .  newline newline  your username was nt that creative either , luuucy .  god could practically hear the devil s wrath at that stupid nickname . newline newline god hung up , marking a piece of paper . mark garfield : heaven christ  i ca nt see shit.  newline newline  maybe if someone remembered to grab the flashlight.  newline newline  maybe if someone would go fuck themselves   newline newline  both of you , just shut up and climb.  newline newline  yeah , about that : why the fuck are we climbing a chain link fence ?  newline newline  to get to the party.  newline newline  did alyssa mention anything about a fence when you talked to her ?  newline newline  no.  newline newline  then i refer you back to my previous question.  newline newline  she said the party was a mile east of the exit 30 rest stop.  newline newline  and we have been walking for at least two miles.  newline newline  and are now climbing a fence.  newline newline  shut up about the goddamn fence ! and no , it has nt been two miles  you re fat ass just ca nt stand a little hike.  newline newline  fuck you  i ve been exercising !  newline newline  you got your dad to buy you a fitbit : not the same thing.  newline newline  the path to a healthy life is all about building a strong foundation.  newline newline  and where does eating an entire pizza fit into that ?  newline newline  shut up , both of you . i think i see lights up ahead.  newline newline  are those cars ? i thought we had to walk.  newline newline  hey ! over here ! where da  party at ?  newline newline  i swear , if there was a road we could take ...  newline newline  guys , i do nt think those are   newline newline  who the fuck are you ?  newline newline  hey , man  calm down . we are just   newline newline  this is private property.  newline newline  look , we got lost and are just trying to   newline newline  hrrggh !  newline newline  what the hell was that ?  newline newline  kyle , shut the fuck up !  newline newline  no , there is something in the back of the truck !  newline newline  you should listen to your friend , son.  newline newline  todd , what is the problem ?  newline newline  nothing , just some punk kids.  newline newline  well hurry up and take care of em . we got a delivery to make.  newline newline  the fuck do you mean , take care of ?   newline newline  holy shit , he s got a gun !  newline newline  guys get dow   newline newline  chris ... oh fuck , oh fuck , oh fuck.  newline newline  kyle ! run !  your name , please.  newline newline  jimmie stewart.  he reaches into his coat pocket for his id card . the medic runs down his list and picks him out . newline newline  ok corporal , let  s get those wounds cleaned up.  newline newline the medic carefully undoes the stitching that was done out in the field and dresses the gash in his hand with new gauss . the bullet wound is still bleeding , which is bad since the shot happened over ten hours ago . newline newline jimmie grunts in pain and gets a bit woozy . the medic leaves the room , telling jimmie to rest a bit while he looks into stopping the bleeding . newline newline the medic walks past the pharmacy however , and goes to his desk . he takes the corporal  s id card and peels back the picture from the glue that attaches it . he stick on a picture the medic has of himself . he then walks down the hall to the bathroom to change into the corporal  s clothes . newline newline jimmie is growing increasingly restless and can not find comfort in his cot . he walks himself over to the medicine cabinet and grabs some penicillin while no one is around . he pulls out a picture . it is of his entire squadron , all 32 men . these were elite soldiers and all swiftly executed by a german flank at night . in the cabinet , he notices something else . it is his daughter  s homemade pin , stuck to the front of his uniform at all times he is overseas . frustrated with the medic , he decides to muster up strength and walk down to his office to ask questions . in the room , there is no one . he looks through the coat closet but doesn  t find his uniform . however , his picture , the very same one on his military id , is torn up in the trash bin next to the door . a suspicion arose about the medic . newline newline the next tell that jimmie found was another torn id in the trash . this was of a french middle aged bald man . the man was wearing a lab coat in the picture , clearly a medic but not the one that treated him . a nurse passes by . newline newline  excuse me sir but you really shouldn  t be in the doctor  s office.  newline newline ma  am , do you know who this is ?  he showed the photo of the actual medic . newline newline  not sure , must be an old staff member . we all arrived from france just a few days ago . there was a german raid of supplies a week ago and all crew escaped . only the doctor remained who was unharmed by the soldiers . lucky , i guess.  newline newline she escorts jimmie back to his room but as soon as she leaves , he walks over to the phone to alert command of his suspicions . when he is about to hang up , he hears another listener put their phone on the receiver . newline the medic emerges from a room to the left . he pulls out a pistol and notions for a staircase . the two step in . newline newline jimmie looks to the window . he throws his coat to it . the medic is distracted long enough . jimmie jumps over the railing of the staircase , falling two stories down . his legs crack . newline newline the medic shoots . two bullets are fired , one hits jimmie in the hip . jimmie crawls , in extreme agony to the coat rack at the exit door . the medic is shuffling down the stairs fast . behind the coat rack , an old slug shotgun is sitting . jimmie loads it with his hands as the medic approaches . newline newline he fires . the medic gets hit full blast in the thigh . he stumbles as jimmie woozily reloads . he drops the casing while the medic makes fast work crawling up the stairs again to cover . the staircase winds around the bottom floor . jimmie gets under the steps and fires up through the wood . newline newline another hit , the medic  s elbow is destroyed . his forearm is dangling by a thread . the medic grabs the gun out of his limp hand and fires the entire magazine into the hole in the steps . newline newline jimmie is shot several times into his back , turned over to slow the bleeding in his hip . jimmie is dead now , shot through the heart . newline newline a door opens above as a nurse runs down to investigate . an officer follows . the medic shoots the nurse in the chest as she rounds the final flight of stairs . the officer unloads into the medic . newline newline  help !  the officer shouts , applying pressure to the nurses wound as she coughs uncontrollably . below , jimmie  s hand finally drops and a shotgun slug rolls out from under the staircase . newlineman of average height did not really say much as they walked along the corridor towards this unknown trail room . the other men in the animal onesies did not really say anything to begin with , and because robort was missing a mouth and only had a screen where it should have been , he could not say anything . jim was currently in too much shock at to what was happening , so it was mostly a quiet walk along to the corridor , with the few exceptions of kappa muttering to herself . newline newline jim was not really sure how long they had been walking for . the corridor was poorly lit , with some of the best illumination coming from robort  s various lights and buttons on his body . he had asked robort earlier if he had a flashlight within the giant hulking body of his , but man of average height quickly silenced him , saying there was to be no better source of illumination that what the building naturally provided .  nature always gives us the best of the best ,  was what he had said , which jim found to be funny , considering that nature had not built the multilayer building complex they were in . newline newline they had been walking for quite a while when they finally reached the other room at the end of this long , long corridor . walking in , jim was blinded for a few seconds , while he heard kappa  s disappointed exclamation ,  a toaster ! ? damn , i wasn  t even close !  he then heard some rapid scribbling on what was probably her fifth or sixth notebook . newline newline as jim  s eyesight slowly became adjusted to the bight light , he began to realize why he was so blinded . much like the last room they were in , this was painted in white . with the exception of the glass roof , which for some reason was white so there was not really an exception , every single natural fiber within the room was white . except for the toaster placed in the middle of table , which was placed in the middle of the room . next to the table was a white lounge chair . on the perimeter of the circular room was a long bench , circling around . man of average height had continued forward to stand in front of the toaster . newline newline  jim ,  he said , still pronouncing the foreign name with an awkward tongue ,  this is the trail room . you must prepare yourself to begin.  newline newline jim looked around once more .  what exactly do you mean , prepare myself for the trail ? what am i preparing ?  newline newline  so then you are ready , very good ,  man of average height replied to jim  s questions . newline newline  uh , no , not really . you didn  t really answer what i had asked for  newline newline  please come over to the table jim , and seat yourself into the chair.  newline newline jim still was not really sure what was happening . he felt a gentle push on his shoulder , and turned around to face robort . his screen read you should probably do it . it might get us out of here faster . newline newline  yeah robort ,  jim started ,  but i don  t know what i am getting myself into . i still don  t know what is going on !  newline newline jim you must do it , was all the read on robort  s screen . over and over again . newline newline jim still did not want to get into the chair . which was why he was not sure how he ended up strapped into it . newline newline  sorry jim ,  kappa said .  so far , all of my notes have been wrong . i need to have something right for my book ! i can not lose my bet.  newline newline  uh , sure ,  jim responded .  but how did you do that ?  newline newline  i pushed robort , who then pushed to while you both were communicating . which reminds me , i got that part wrong.  she then pulled out her notebook and scribbled into it , shuffling back to sit on the bench . newline newline  jim , you are prepared for this test ,  man of average height began saying . newline newline  no , not really , i still don  t know what you   newline newline  please place you  re hand into the toaster.  newline newline jim did not comply .  not until you tell me what is going on right now , i need to   newline newline stopping short , jim looked at his hand . man of average height had already put it in the toaster while jim was being strapped in . he could not help but sigh . newline newline  good luck jim , you  re the first person to have this machine tested on . you could say you  re test subject 1 . the chosen one.  man of average height said , before flipping the switch to turn the toaster on . he tweaked with the dial on the toaster for a little while , and then pulled the latch nob down .  huh , the sort of rhymed ,  man of average height began saying . newline newline jim was rocked back , his mind being pulled away from him . newline newline colors . a myriad of colors filled his sight . newline newline flashing they flew by , one after another . newline newline his consciousness was slipping . newline newline he still did not have an idea of what was going on . newline newline what did man of average height mean by him being the first person ? newline newline they had never tested this on someone before ? newline newline jim was in trouble . newline newline instead , he was actually in a field . the sky was the purest that jim had ever seen , not a smog cloud marring its clear reflection . the grass was perfectly watered , the greenest of the green . a fence was a little ways off , with a little barn nestled inside the fence . looking to his left , a little pond was nestled into a tiny valley , flowers dotted around it . to his right , a gigantic forest sat , older beyond belief . some how , jim knew he was the only person there . newline newline and that was when he saw them . thousands upon thousands of little colored dots were scattered within the field . easter eggs . jim now knew why his knack of finding the most easter eggs was going to come in handy . newline newline there was only one thing left to do then . jim bent down as he started the hunt . newline  newline newline he was not really sure how much time had gone by . he was not sure how many eggs had ben picked up and opened , only to be revealed to have nothing inside . he could feel his mind slipping . but that did not matter . the only thing was to pick up the eggs . until he found something . newline newline he had been searching for a while . there was one egg left . he knew it . he just was not sure where . newline newline he had checked everywhere . the barn , the field , the pond , the flowers next to the pond , the fence , the woods , the field again . but he was not able to find anything . annoyed , he sat down . he was not really sure where to find it . he had searched everywhere . sitting down though , he noticed something was off . his pocket felt a little weird . he thought for a second . his onesie did not have pockets . newline newline looking down , he realized that he was not in the onesie anymore . instead , he was now wearing normal street clothes . and one of his pockets had something in it . newline newline he reached in . and he pulled out an egg . newline newline jim felt his consciousness slipping back into him . jim slowly became jim again . newline newline opening the egg , he was positive that this was that last one . and it was within . as he cracked it open , a pen fell out . newline newline jim could hardly hold in his anger . a pen . that was what he had been looking for this whole time . reaching down , jim picked up it , ready throw it far way . newline newline but when he held it , he could feel the immense power within the pen . and , the moment he touched him , jim  s consciousness was thrown out of the field . newline newline more colors . newline newline flashing by again . newline newline jim felt his consciousness coming back to him newline newline he could smell smoke . newline newline and burning clothes . newline newline jim woke up . the white room was filled with smoke . on either side of him stood newline kappa and robort . the whole room looked like a battlefield . newline newline  what happened ?  jim asked .  why does it look like a battle happened here.  newline newline  because one did ,  kappa said , scribbling on her notebook .  and i got the whole thing wrong !  newline newline looking down , jim realized he was still holding the pen . newline newline  newline as always , feel free to tell me what s up with the story !allied victory seems impossible , unless the british would ve fell back to their island and fought over the channel . there is no way france or poland could have survived longer than in our timeline , so britain would ve stood alone . british still had their empire and close relations to usa , so they are not a force to be taken lightly . then , we would have had only two options : worn out the british and wait years before starting the eastern conquest , giving soviets more time to prepare and maybe even attack us from east , or start a twofront war by our own . newline newline twofront war is still winnable , but the war would ve certainly been longer . one front would have to be defended in case of an invasion while going offensive on the other . japan would ve still attacked in pearl harbor , and with reich already fighting on two fronts , we could nt have sent help to the pacific . japanese empire would fall in few years . soviets would also have larger army with better support . newline newline if the invasion to the east was not launched on time , russian winter could have stopped the wehrmacht . with offensive halted , british and americans could maybe try to invade from atlantic . if no breakthrough in moscow and stalingrad was achieved , atlantic wall could fall , but allies would have only a pyrrhic victory . with the majority of troops stuck in russia , allies could have liberated france . newline newline whether the reich would fall completely or not depends on if finland , spain , italy , romania and japan still were in the war . worst case scenario would be all of eastern europe under slavs and communism , and aryan peoples humiliated by untermensch , english and french . newline newline the anglo world and communists could nt possibly have remained in peace , so the world war would ve dragged on and on without us . they could ve stolen nuclear project from us and world would burn . we only ever had to drop three in russia and one in the pacific . newline newline i d think that most of europe would be poor and suffering from famines , with germany andor france completely torn by nuclear war . britain would probably win the war in the end , but europe would never be a great world power again . the superpowers would be usa and commonwealth against the communist china . newline newline does nt seem like a good world for me .duane emerged from his parent s basement on day 12 of the apocalypse , his neckbeard bristling . newline newline he had spent the last fortnight huddled in the cellar with all of his gear at the ready . he urged his parents to do the same , but the fools had shrugged off his warnings and had met their fate the previous day . they shouted through the basement door that they were nt feeling well and were going to try going to a hospital or a government medical camp that had been set up nearby . their corpses were not upstairs , and duane assumed they were now roaming the streets with the rest of the undead . newline newline duane had studied the holy scriptures and prophecies for years . everything from dawn of the dead  to the walking dead  and everything in between . he had played the training simulation series left 4 dead  so much it was now second nature . newline newline and when duane had first heard reports of the spread of the sickness a fortnight ago , he had initiated phase 1 of the survival process , buying ammunition , doritos and monster energy drink in bulk , then barricading himself in the basement . but now duane had reached the fun part of survival : killing zombies ! newline newline duane was clad in his favorite black trenchcoat covering his camouflage cargo shorts and my little pony  tshirt . his feathered fedora perched atop his usual long ponytail . a black , tacticool , 12gauge shotgun , complete with a holographic sight , flashlight and bayonet attachment was slung across his shoulders . his sidearm , a desert eagle , chambered in .50 caliber action express and loaded with jacketed hollow point ammunition , was strapped to his chest holster , it sported a laser sight and was also painted tacticoolblack . in his backpack , he had a week s supply worth of beef jerky and monster energy drink as well as several hundred rounds of extra ammo . newline newline but the most attention grabbing piece of duane s getup was the large katana in his hand , his most prized possession . duane had saved up a month s worth of pay from his job at the local hibachi grill before he could afford to buy the genuine  masamune replica from the sword shop at the local shopping mall . newline newline duane entered the street in front of his parents house to find it deserted , as expected . the power had been out for a week and he had been unable to pick up any radio channels on his emergency radio for the last week . he set a steady pace towards the shopping mall , hoping that survivors had found safety in the defensible structure . newline newline a half hour into his trek , he had to stop and rest against an abandoned car . it had been years since he had walked this far in one go . he had another thirty minutes before he would near the shopping mall . once again , he struck off , intent to reach the mall before sundown . newline newline anther fifteen minutes passed and duane saw a figure on the horizon , duane could tell by their even gait that this was a human and not a zombie . newline newline  fuck , i m tired . i ll just wait here .  duane mumbled aloud . he unholstered the desert eagle and switched on the laser sight . newline newline duane watched as a man approached him , his footfalls growing slower and slower as he approached . newline newline  greetings gentlesir !  duane called out . newline newline  uh ... hi .  the man slowed to a stop , about twenty feet from duane , looking suspicious . newline newline  have you seen any zombies ?  duane asked . newline newline  ... any what ?  the man said , eyes darting between the giant pistol in duane s right hand and the katana in his left . newline newline  zombies ...  duane enunciated . newline newline  ... zombies ?  the man asked . newline newline duane gaped at the man dumbfounded . how had this fool managed to survive for 12 whole days ? he was nt even carrying any weapons or survival gear . newline newline  zombies ! you know , the walking dead ? i ve been in my bunker the last few days , so i do nt know what you all are calling them up here .  newline newline the man just stared at him . newline newline duane suspected the man was playing stupid and that this was a trick of some kind , so he broke into a halfsprint , running past the man and continuing towards the mall . newline newline it was nt long before he encountered another person , but finally , duane felt his destiny as a zombie hunter was about to take off : this person was wearing a hazmat suit and would likely be knowledgeable about zombies . newline newline he stopped short about 15 feet from the hazmat worker before doubling over to catch his breath . newline newline  sir ! are you okay ? ! ? !  the hazmat worker asked . newline newline duane held up his index finger as if to say , just a sec ,  and continued panting heavily . newline newline finally , his breath caught , he righted himself and faced the hazmat worker . he could see through the transparent mask that the hazmat worker was , in fact , an attractive female . newline newline  sweet !  duane thought to himself .  this must be the part where i meet my waifu !  newline newline  sorry sweet cheeks ! i thought there was a zombie behind you and i wanted to make sure you were okay .  he said to her in his most dignified voice . newline newline  zombie ?  the worker asked . newline newline  looks like we re safe for now , but i need to know where the zombies hang out , i m going to kill off as many as i can . someone needs to make this a safer place for us humans !  he declared . newline newline  ... zombies ?  newline newline once again , he repeated ,  zombies ! you know , the walking dead ? i ve been in my bunker the last few days , so i do nt know what you re calling them up here .  newline newline  ... um , sir , there are no zombies .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  sir , this is an outbreak of airbornestrain ebola . there are no zombies .  newline newline  ... but ... i thought ...  duane trailed off . newline newline he saw another hazmat worker approaching from behind his waifutobe . newline newline  sir , what are you doing with all of these weapons ?  the second hazmat worker yelled . newline newline duane decided that the hazmat workers were trying to trick him , playing stupid must be the distraction of choice . newline newline he held up his desert eagle . newline newline  how could you betray me like this !  he yelled as his nolongersoontobe waifu . newline newline he pointed the gun at the second hazmat worker with his right hand , while simultaneously holding the katana in his left and fired . newline newline he fired three times before he collapsed to the ground , his ears throbbing . newline newline  what are you doing ? ! ? !  yelled the nolonger waifu . newline newline but duane never heard her , the sound of the huge gun firing thrice with no ear protection had permanently damaged duane s hearing . newline newline the nolonger waifu turned to her colleague whom duane had shot at , only to find him unharmed . it seems , in duane s decision to fire the big gun onehanded , he had not landed a single shot . newline newline the nolonger waifu , her dainty little ears ringing , picked up her radio and declared ,  some dumbass is running around with guns and a sword , can we get some national guardsmen up here to calm him down ?  newline newline duane still heard nothing , though he was recovering from the deafening shock . newline newline he gathered his desert eagle , his katana , and his fedora from where they had fallen and turned to his nolonger waifu . newline newline  good day to you madam !  he yelled , unintentionally , for he was now deaf , and with a rustle of his trenchcoat , he turned and ran the rest of the distance to the mall . newline newline when he arrived in the parking lot , a squad of national guardsmen greeted him with assault rifles . newline newline  drop your weapons !  yelled a voice from a megaphone . newline newline alas , poor duane was too deaf to hear it . instead , he perceived them to be a contingent of soldiers from whatever newworldorder group was seizing power and resolved that he would protect his shopping mall from them . newline newline as he pulled his shotgun around and flicked on the flashlight , the soldiers opened fire and cut down poor deaf duane . newline newline as he lay on the parking lot , blood pooling around him . he thought only of his lost waifu . if only she had not betrayed him . newline newline with a gurgle in his throat and his eyes on the mall entrance , where he had bought his legendary katana , he choked out his last ... and died .first it was exciting ... then terrifying . the cute , docile ones were loveable . the obedient ones were helpful . and the amiable pets became adoring companions . but with these powers came intelligence , rebellions , and violence . at least that s what i read in history class . our country s selfdefense army had to kill off so many in a bittersweet war . my father died in that conflict when i was just a newborn , as did about half of the army . millions of species are now extinct , with most remaining wild animals in small reservations . newline newline beyond the violence , a new country emerged . the fears of another super animal rebellion prompted strict restrictions on animal care and ownership . however , an underground movement began and , with aid from these beasts , turned over the government . now the responsible rehabilitation of these species begins , thanks to the efforts of these extremists . but it is time to fulfill a promise i made in memory of my father . newline newline today is my 10th birthday . i am now a man who will take vengeance on those who indirectly caused my father s death . i will catch all these monsters and bring the fight to the rebellion . newline newline  by mother ,  i whisper to sleeping body .  it s time for dr. oak and i to kill those traitors . and if i die fighting team rocket , so be it . this is what father s honor demands . i am the god of this 4x3 patch of dirt and grass , at the moment when the sun peeks over the horizon and sets the tiny shards of mica in the earth ablaze for a sharp , glittering second . at that moment , millennia ago , a child looked at this spot , and thought i would give anything to stay here and watch this , forever .  newline newline and i was born . from will and wish , i was born . jagged , waveryedged , and bound to this spot . my crooked talons claw at the dirt that birthed me , and all i can do is sit here and wail soundlessly . no one sees me , no one acknowledges the beauty of what i represent , and i just wither and starve , unable to pass on . newline newline every once in a while , i get a glance , some attuned individual out and about at the sunrise , at the knifekeen second i was born , and i am almost noticed . and i live for that . those sour whispers of pseudoworship , the modern human not realizing how easy it is to create a god , to sustain a god . a millisecond of appreciation for my burning beauty , enough to nourish me for a century . one man pausing and running his fingers through the sifted soil on my land , bringing the fresh loam to his face and breathing in the lifescent of his world , that kept me whole and sane for longer than modern language has existed . newline newline   newline today was special . today i was seen . the leaves had fallen , leaving space for the sun to shine it s red light down onto my patch , lighting the tiny crystals in my earth shimmering , multicolored , beautiful . godly . and a child kneeled on what i once called my shrine , and looked at my prone , weeping countenance , and asked me what was wrong . newline newline and i took hold of that child with both hands , and i used her admiration to weave a wonderful story , a home for her , everything she could ever desire , and i kept her . i watched her mother sob and cry for her daughter , while i laughed and taught my new priestess to worship me .we met at a bar one evening . she had a beer in her hand , something local on tap , about halfdrained . we struck up some conversation  weather or sports or some such , i do nt remember , small talk though . she made some passing comment about liking my ears , and i almost brushed it off as false praise  i think they stick out a bit too much  before i noticed her smooth skin  not a single scar visible . newline newline i had my own fair share of lies cut into my skin  most minor , a few major . even the bigger ones i d usually defend , outside of a big one on my arm .  i ve been clean for a year !  . even so , that s the least regretful mistake from that part of my life  i m proud to say i can say that line now without the scar growing larger . newline newline i got her name  jane  and later , her number . we ended up setting up a date for the following weekend , and hit it off quickly . similar interests  hiking , video games , cooking ... well , mostly same interests , anyway . i remember her coy smile when i said i liked her coltrane collection , and a line of skin on my forearm darkened . ca nt stand jazz , really . newline newline i thought for about a month that she was perfectly honest , until we went to bed together . jane seemed reluctant to take off her shirt , but that same honesty that kept her skin smooth must have demanded she not cover up now  her bra came off , and across the inside of her left breast was the deepest scar that i ve ever seen . it was nt a discoloration like most scars  it was like a knotted rope was underneath the skin . newline newline it was nt the sort of thing you can comment on lightly , but at the same time , it would be more conspicuous to ignore it . she was clearly distressed , waiting for my reaction . i was nt sure what to say , but we were both naked at that point so there was no hoping that a lie would be covered up by clothing . newline newline  there s obviously a story here , and i m curious , but ... right now , it s not important . i m willing to wait until you re willing to tell me on your own terms  i said , and punctuated the sentence with a kiss . she ran a hand through my short hair , and the encounter continued naturally after that . but frankly the details are none of your business . newline newline it was another six months before i learned any more details about that scar of hers . we were quite serious by now , and i d had plenty of opportunities to see it again at this point . newline newline jane told me that her parents were going to be coming by for thanksgiving , and that she wanted me to be there . her face was strangely tense , and when i pressed for information , she just said that she did nt feel up for explaining . what could i say to that ? so , i did nt press the issue , and waited for thursday to roll around . newline newline her parents showed up  her mother was a frumpy sort of woman , with a flowery dress , and her father was tall , but had a thick neck and a double chin . i was surprised the two of them could have produced such a beautiful daughter , but all the same i could see some resemblance , particularly in the eyes and nose . newline newline the first thing i heard her father say  before even  hello   was right after he jerked a thumb in my direction .  is this that friend of yours ? she looks like a fucking dyke .  her mother agreed emphatically . i found myself dumbstruck , unable to respond . jane laughed uncomfortably , but her father did nt seem to notice  he was sniffing the air . newline newline  turkey s already on , eh ? surprised you have nt caught yourself a husband yet , with your cooking . hah !  newline newline  no luck yet , but i m sure i ll find one one of these days .  jane replied with a weak smile , clearly hiding a wince as the scar above her heart wrought its way deeper into her skin .i finally had my chance to meet the world s oldest man . my flight to reach atlanta would only take three hours , an ample amount of time to conjure up some questions for him . as i was left to my thoughts  given abbie had been fast asleep  , i had to think of something that would make me sound unique . not some fanboy that loves america a bit too much . newline newline or maybe i could use that to my advantage ... newline newline either way , i took the folded newspaper out of my backpack to read one more time : world s oldest living veteran tells secret for immortality .  i was so perplexed that i couldnt resist meeting the man that could scare death . newline newline in what seemed like an eternity , the plane finally landed in atlanta and i had everything i wanted to ask neatly filed away in the confines of my conscience . abbie followed closely behind , hand in mine as we maneuvered through the crowds of people and passed through the front doors of the airport . our taxi was waiting in the loading bay . newline newline  so what are you gon na say to this guy when we see em ?  she asked as we grabbed our seats in the cab . newline newline  first thing s first ,  i replied ,  i wan na know how many women he s boned since wwi , and if they ve gotten easier since then .  newline newline  you re such a pig .  newline newline  oink , oink ,   i replied . newline newline the cab took us to a cottagestyle house on an acre of land . there an old man sat in his rocking chair , picking away at the strings of his banjo and tuning it . we quickly exited the taxi and handed the driver a 20 before heading up to the house . newline newline i could see the cold look in his sunken , aged eyes a mile away . there was no mistakei was nt wanted there . newline newline newline which was all the greater motivation to press on , for me . newline newline  holee shit ,  the old man started , putting his banjo down and getting up from his chair .  yknow , there s a reason why i live out in the middle of daggum nowhere .  newline newline  yes sir , we just had a few questions if you would nt mind ,  abbie said . newline newline with a sigh , he coldly responded .  damn city slickers just ca nt leave well enough alone  can ya .  newline newline we walked up to his front porch as he invited us in . mounted deer heads adorned each free spot on his cabinstyle walls . i took a moment to appreciate the rich cherokee heritage that resonated from both the numerous dream catchers and the many braided colors strung about . the old man plopped down in his wooden chair by the fireplace . newline newline  what do you wan na know .  newline newline  well.. a starter would be me asking your favorite rifle in the war .  newline newline newline  which war ,    he said in a raspy harshness . newline newline  err two ?  newline newline his eyebrows were perched high above his eyes , and his wrinkled forehead showed me he was nt in the mood for games . newline newline  two ,  i confirmed . newline newline  well , technology was much more advanced since the great war ,  he started .  many fellers liked the tommy gun , but i was more of a m1 garand kinda cowboy .  newline newline  do you still have it ?  newline newline  the rifle ? naw . some jap done took it when i was a p.o.w .  newline newline  how d you get out of that fix ?  newline newline  i gutted the slanteyed rat bastard with his own molars and ripped the rest of the camp s throats out when they slept with nothin more than a sharp toothpick .  newline newline my eyes lighted up in shock . newline newline  heh , that one never gets old .  newline newline  i can see why death s afraid of you ,  i said . newline newline  that sumbich wanted to take me long ago so i beat em with his own scythe .  newline newline  that s all ?  i asked , turning to look at abbie who was now visibly nausis from the old man s stories . newline newline  well i also choked him into submission with some barbed wire i found layin round , but that ai nt no fun less you got gloves , yknow ?  newline newline abbie excused herself to the restroom to vomit . newline newline  well , this has been fun ,  i said as i stood up , regretting my decision to come here . newline newline  woah , what s the hurry ? ai nt you got time to hear about the one where my airborne team and i were ambushed by a pack of wolves and i  newline newline  no thank you , i ve heard enough .  newline newline newline abbie and i left and never visited atlanta ever again .finally someone had thrown a decent party . not one of those tacky themed parties either , you know the one s where everyone has to dress up in some ridiculous costume . nope just some decent background music , plenty of people and plenty of beer . fisher helped himself to another one out the fridge . newline newline newline  hey fisher !  fisher glanced across the room to see his old room mate chris . newline newline fisher threw up his hand ,  hey man , good to see you , great party by the way .  newline newline chris sipped on a beer  yeah it was just one of those spur of the moment things .  newline newline fisher nodded his head in understanding . newline  yeah , kathrine wanted to do an 80 s party , just was nt enough time though  fisher gave chris a sideways glance  thank god for that ,  he thought to himself . he swirled his beer around and glanced around the crowd before taking another drink . newline newline the music stopped . everyone stopped talking midsentence . the blonde with the annoying laugh was stopped midhysterics . as he stared at her he caught movement out of the corner of his eye . slowly everyone s head had started to swivel towards fisher . soon they had locked eyes with him , their faces remained in whatever poise they were in before the music stopped . the blonde still had her smile , mouth wide open in laughter . that guy from his building stared at him as though fisher was hitting on his girlfriend . newline newline  uh chris , are you seeing this ?  fisher whispered . newline newline  seeing what man ?  the music resumed , people s head snapped back to there original position and they continued talking as though nothing had happened . chris was still craning his neck trying to catch a glimpse of what fisher was looking at . newline newline fisher stared at his beer incredulously ,  um , nothing .  newline newline  you alright man ?  chris stared at him funnily . newline newline  yeah . wait . so you did nt just see that ?  newline newline chris continued staring ,  see what ?  newline newline  everyone ! they just stopped moving , tell me you saw that !  fisher stared at chris pleadingly . newline chris leaned in and whispered  dude , tell me your not high right now . you know kat hates when people come over high .  newline newline  i m not high man ! i swear everyone at the party was just staring at me !  fisher screamed . the party stopped again , this time everyone was staring at fisher while whispering .  dude calm down , no one was staring at you ,  chris said under his breath .  he s just messing around guys , we re fine  . everyone looked away and continued drinking , save for the occasional glance fisher s way . newline newline  whatever man , i need to go .  fisher walked away from chris before he could stop him . newline newline  alright dude , just call me ! kat s throwing a tiki party next week !  newline fisher walked his way through the crowd , he saw the door up ahead and reached for it . his hand stopped midway there . so did the music . newline newline  shit .  fisher turned his head slowly back towards the crowd . they were already staring at him . the blonde s grin got wider . the guy from his building s stare narrowed . fisher s heart was pounding in his chest , he screamed at them ,  what the fuck do you want ? !  newline newline they stared . newline newline newline newlinei fucking hate kids . adults are fine . teenagers are bearable . but kids ? fuck em . every kid i ve dealt with is always so confused . they re scared , which is understandable , but why do they have to fucking whine ? newline newline people do nt like me . which is expected . what i do nt really understand are the people who call me and tell me to pick em up . it s nice to feel wanted . i get excited . but when i finally get over there they re suddenly terrified . why ? did nt they want me to take them ? why are they so afraid now ? newline newline the people who accept me are the best . they come quietly and even tell me stories about their lives . i ca nt speak , so listening is my favorite hobby .it was a beautiful day , except for the dead littering the main street . eight people dead from massive lacerations , their attacker dead on the ground riddled with state issues rounds the massive abattoir knife by his corpse . should be a state issue and the last three times it was considered as such but someone higher up figured four times was too many . agent evans and his partner had just rolled into town when news over the wireless came of a fifth stabbing attack , rounded the corner in time to see the attacker get shot to pieces by the sheriff and his deputies .  you guys feds ?   yes indeed , something is nt right about this and we re here to try to work it out   what s to work out , nut job goes whacko and kills some folks and got what he deserved   yeah but you ever known it to happen so often in the same way ?   dunno evans , if ya realised home was a back water piece o shit maybe you d crack and kill everyone  cracked agent schumacher wandering around the dead and looking about the place .  can it larry , keep it professional , your representing the bureau out here  will the agents get to the bottom of this ? will larry learn some god damn professionalism and make special agent ? is this set in the usa ? am i just taking a break till i think of the ending ? find out next time in tales of the inedible ! take the photo . then pay the man .  she read it aloud twice , sounding it differently each time . newline newline the morning sunlight was harsh , washing out the room . she blinked both the sleep and the sun out of her eyes as she read the note . her absent minded chewing of last nights leftover pizza interrupted her reading aloud . newline newline with this ?  there must have been thousands in the small holdall . a small camera was perched on top of the money . newline newline the door buzzer went off suddenly , startling her . she walked quickly down the stairs to the door and opened it without peering through the spyglass . newline newline  hi , this is 244 pinafore lane ?  newline newline she stepped back involuntarily , eyes wide with shock . newline newline  john ?  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  john ! oh my god ! i ca nt believe you re back !  she reached forward to hug the man but he stepped back quickly , clearly surprised by her reaction . newline newline  what are you doing ?  newline newline  what do you mean ?  newline newline  why are you trying to hug me . what s going on here ? i m not   john   or whoever you seem to think i am .  newline newline  what do you mean what s going on here ? john ! i ca nt believe you re back ! are you ok ? !  newline newline  what are you talking about ? look , i m not this john guy .  newline newline are you trying to be funny , cos it s not ?  newline newline  funny ? ok look , i do nt know what s going on here but i m not interested in being made a fool of . i m out of here .  the stranger turned to walk away . newline newline  no , no , no wait ! what do you mean you re not john ? what s your name ?  newline newline the stranger paused .  i was told i would nt have to give my name .  newline newline  what ? told by whom ?  newline newline  you do nt know ? what the fuck is going on here ? look , i was told to come here to have a fucking photograph taken . i was told i would be paid . i was told not to say anything to anyone . i m here now but i m about to fucking walk away , money or not .  newline newline  no , no it s ok. come in . i have the camera . it s just ... it s just you look just like someone i know .  newline newline  well i m sure he has a great time with the ladies .  the stranger peered in the door , craning his neck to try to see behind her .  is there anyone else in there ?  newline newline  no it s just me ,  she said . then guardedly ,  why does that matter ?  newline newline  let s just get this over with .  newline newline she turned to walk up the stairs . newline newline  do you want me to ... do you need me to take off my shoes ? or anything ? is it ok to walk in ?  newline newline  what ? ... yeah it s fine .  he followed her upstairs , his movements awkward and uncomfortable . newline newline  alright so i m going to take your picture i guess . i ll take a couple of shots ?  newline newline  yes , that s fine .  newline newline she raised the camera from the table to her face . newline newline  wait . here ? do nt we need a white background ?  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  a white background ? for the photo . we need a white background .  newline newline  why ! ?  newline newline  what ? listen this is getting strange ... i mean it was already strange . but now this is even weirder . this is nt even a proper studio . what s going on here ?  newline newline her patience had at last started to wear thin .  oh god ! what now ? i m going to take your photo , then give you the fucking money .  newline newline  ok but it needs to be a white background . or off white .  newline newline  why ?  newline newline  do you want me to leave ?  newline newline  no . ok go into the bathroom ... there on the left .  she followed him into the tiny bathroom .  ... and sit on the edge of the bath .  he did so . newline newline  ok now ?  she asked . newline newline  ok.  newline newline the flash of the camera punctuated the uncomfortable silence . newline newline  ok ?  he asked . newline newline  ok.  newline newline  my money ?  newline newline  it s here ,  she said walking back to the kitchen .  how much were you to get ?  newline newline  oh god , you re not going to try and screw me now ?  newline newline  no ? it s all here  newline newline  ok cos like there s nobody else here . if i do nt get my money the deal s off . i ll take that camera off you if i have to .  newline newline  look , here s the money i have . it s all here .  newline newline  do i have to count it ?  newline newline  i do nt know ... and i do nt care . but you re not counting it here .  newline newline he grinned .  you do nt know any more about this than i do , do you ?  newline newline  no , now it s time for you to go .  newline newline  ok.  he picked the bag off the table , hefting it briefly then nodding . newline newline  it feels alright .  newline newline  ok great . now time to go .  newline newline he turned and walked down the stair to the apartment door . she followed him . newline newline  sure . oh , yes ... i was told to say that the guy will be around later for the photo .  newline newline  thanks for letting me know ,  she said as she closed the door behind him . newline newline  newline newline six hours later the buzzer rang again . she walked down stairs , slowly this time , with the camera in hand . she peered through the spyglass before slowly opening the door . the man at the other side simply raised his eyebrows and said nothing . she offered him the camera . he took it . then raised his eyebrows again . newline newline  what ?  she said ? newline newline  the passport ?  newline newline  what passport ?  newline newline  harper ?  newline newline  yes ? who s asking .  newline newline he ignored her question .  harper philips ? i m to pick up the photo and your passport .  newline newline  what ? no !  newline newline  do you know john philips ?  newline newline  yes ...  newline newline  then you need to give me your passport .  newline newline pausing for barely a second she said  wait here .  then turned and ran up back up the stairs . a minute later she returned and handed the man her passport . newline newline  john says he ll see you soon .  the man turned and walked away . the tuna , it had to be the tuna ,  chuck muttered to himself as he stumbled along . now losing a week long fight with delirium , mostly due to the lack of food , chuck was talking to his pokemon again . it was a koffing this time , and he was speaking in the voice of john candy . newline newline  that s the last food you ate ?  koffing asked . he seemed quite concerned . newline newline  i m pretty sure man ... ,  chuck rasped . he stretched , cracking his back against the weight of his pack . it was mostly full of usb battery packs , that he would charge at any generator he happened to find . you see , pokemon go , a phone app , was the only source of entertainment he had . newline newline an apocalypse had occurred , the origins of which are nt really essential to our story . chuck s family had died . his friends had died . his boss had died . to make a long story short , no one was around any more , as far as chuck could tell . however , for whatever reason , pokemon go still worked . newline newline it was a phone app , where a dude or dudette could run around catching digital pokemon . chuck did nt take the time to question why his lte was still working or who was paying the bills , he just walked , cursed pidgeys , and walked some more . newline newline chuck swiped his finger to the right and his koffing was gone , replaced with a map . pinching his fingers , the map shrunk and zoomed out , allowing chuck to see more of what he was to explore . however , this time , something was different . newline newline his heart pounding in his emaciated chest , chuck beheld the first lure he had seen since the apocalypse . a lure was a something you set out to attract pokemon . but someone had to set it up . a person . someone else . newline newline chuck mustered whatever energy he had , and half waddled , half lurched forward at his most fervent pace . the road was bordered by tall trees , and he could not make out what lay at the pokestop around the corner , or what may be in store for him at the lure . newline newline  people !  chuck actually cried aloud . although , in his decrepit state , it came out as more of a strangled gurgle . he rounded a bend , and as he did , the toe of one of his sandals caught the back of his ankle , sending him tumbling forward . his sack of usb packs fell over his head as he rolled . newline newline then chuck heard gunshots . he had never heard gunshots before , in his job as a pizza delivery driver , however the thunderous roar was unmistakable . chuck did nt move , lying there prone as his pack slowly leaked battery packs onto the ground , out of a couple fresh bullet holes . newline newline  look larry , battery packs !  chuck heard a voice call . and then , as the last gunshot chuck would hear echoed through the valley , he realized the lure had nt been for pokemon .i turn over in my bed , or is it my bed ? it feels different.. a thought comes into my mind , wait , what day is it ? what time is it ? what if i m late for work ? did my alarm clock not go off ? ? ?  newline newline suddenly i open my eyes and am startled by my surroundings . i m in a pristine , white room , a bright light shining above me . shit did i have a stroke or a heart attack or something ? am i at the hospital ? mayb  that s when i notice the window . newline newline  what the fuck where am i !  startled as i see stars and planets hurtling past me .  what am i going to do !  just as i am about to have a real heart attack a voice comes from seemingly everywhere , i jump and frantically look for the source . newline newline i turn , finding myself face to face with a hologram of a creature that instills in me a strange , yet familiar hatred . it explains my predicament and , of course i begin to freak out again ,  wait , so was all of my life just a dream then ?  newline  yes .  newline  you re shitting me there s no way it was all too real . jack ? are you behind this . this is not funny .  newline  i assure you this is real . who is this jack you speak of ?  it stares at you confused . newline  uh nevenevermind..  you stutter . newline newline as you continue to process its words another realization hits you . newline  wait mind wipe ? enslavement ? what . the . fuck .  you begin to have a panic attack . it demands you to calm down and take deep breaths . newline newline  can you just explain to me how this happened ?  newline  my species invaded your planet and took over , all who were seen as unfit or were uncooperative were sent to have their minds wiped and shown how inferior they were compared to us and then enslaved to do whatever we told them to . however , the ship taking you to our planet where this would take place was struck by a meteor and you happened to be one of the people to reach an escape pod before the ship exploded . once within the pod you were put into a deep sleep only to be awoken in a number of years and your brain made to dream of a new life . do nt ask me how . but yeah as i said earlier you are just floating around space right now so your probably screwed .  newline  that is so reassuring thank you . basically if it was nt for your dumbass race or whatever everything would be fine . well fuck you and your species . why are you even talking to me .  i yelled at it as anger swelled within me , the hatred i had felt earlier increasing . newline  this is what i was ordered to do .  newline  well shut the fuck up !  i yelled as i broke the projector leaving me all alone . newline newline it s been a couple days , no maybe a week , since that happened . i do nt really know anymore.. i m seeing things . i m running out of food . i m dying . often i wish i had nt broken the thing.. i m so lonely ... newline newline  ik it s not really good but idk just wanted to write . i was thinking of adding a proper ending but i felt the open one was better because it leaves things up to interpretations and thats part of the fun of writing .  very short flash fiction  newline newline my father was dying . my father was dying and i felt like a part of me was shattering into a million pieces . i did nt even feel sad , or angry , just shattered and broken . all i could do was hold his hand and wait to listen as he sang his song . this would be the last song that he ever sang , and the last time i every heard his voice . no more  i love you , honeybun  or  good luck  . no  happy birthday  or  merry christmas  . no more  goodnight and god bless  , or  cheers  or  knock on wood  . newline newline he was going . i held onto his hand and held it tighter than i ve ever held onto anything before in my entire life . i held it until his breathing shallowed and his pulse grew weak , and his hand holding mine ... until his hand holding mine was nt as there as it was before . newline newline i was going to be alone in this world . all i had was this song that he would inevitably start singing any moment now . i placed my phone on the bedside table , and hit record . newline newline   when there s something strange in your neighbourhood . who ya gon na call ... ghostbusters .   newline newline i burst into tears . newline newline   when there s something weird , and it do nt look good ... who can you call ...   newline newline  ghostbusters .  i sobbed . newlinehe woke up suddenly . the television was on , but he must have fallen asleep due to a new show being on . he slowly pushed himself up off his chair . the imprint of his body did nt leave , but his aching back did nt let him notice . stretching and looking around he noticed the dust that began to build on the pictures of the kids . some of them smeared clean by a hand , and he could nt help but think it d be easier if his wife would just clean them fully . he knew she missed the kids , but they were off to college now and they d start lives of their own . he missed them too . they grew too fast , and he was getting old . nonetheless , she had to snap out of it . newline newline newline newline suddenly , he heard a laugh coming from his daughters room . his eyes widened as he called out for his wife . silence answered . he creeped into the hall way and called her name once more towards the crackedopen door . the door slowly opened and a woman s face appeared  eyes watery and scared . it was nt his wife ! newline newline newline she called him  dad ,  but the pumping of his heart grew louder and louder , accompanied by a constant ringing in his ears . stumbling back on the wall , he turned and ran to his room . he yelled back threatening death if they did anything to his wife . tears running down his face he reached his gun cabinet , and as he opened the dust ridden case he saw that it was empty . newline newline hands grabbed him by arms , but he was too weak to fight them off . his broken heart called for his wife as these bastards took advantage of a tired man . he had nt noticed , but a needle had broken into his veins and he slowly started to fade . newline newline newline  susan ... what did ... you ... where s ... she ... .  newline newline newline newline he wakes up in a wheelchair . he must have fallen asleep due to a new show being on the television . slowly , he tries to push himself off his chair , but he ca nt . he looks down to see that it s not his chair , and it s not his television either . he yells for his wife as his heart starts pumping louder and louder , accompanied by a ringing in his ears . newline newline newline a woman and a man rush into the room to subdue to wheelchair ridden , old man . they did nt want him to fall and hurt himself , but they knew he did nt know better . they looked towards the doorway and told the crying woman that he would be fine . newline newline as she walked away , she could still hear his cries for her dead mother in her head . she wished that she could forget , too . are you trying to tell me that this legendary weapon had been in my world , not once , not twice , but three times ?  i asked the old man in disbelief . newline newline with a heavy sigh he replied ,  yes , but when this hall was created to only examine a warrior s prowess in battle , not their overall competence . that being said , you ve only heard of one recorded account of this hammer in your world as a viking prince . the second warrior was set to conquer the eastern world yet slept with a very obvious assassin . thus died before he got going . then the last one died of dysentery within a week of receiving the weapon . once the gifted warrior has passed away however the weapon is returned here , which got that assassin i just mentioned killed as her contractor could nt believe it just disappeared .  newline newline the hall was immense , the vaulted ceiling was a dark abyss with no end in sight . down both the left and right there were alcoves with weapons on pedestals . long and short bows , katanas , bastard swords , and even exotic weapons that i knew not their names . each was polished and looked as though it was placed right after being crafted . newline newline ahh , finally ... someone worthy .  newline newline  what did you say old man ?  i snapped my head to the right and looked at him . in his dark green robe , he turned to me . newline newline  i ve said nothing ... but it seems something in here has spoken . i ve never heard them myself but each of these gifts pick their new owner ,  he said . newline newline he is not worthy to hear our voices . he is weak , but you ... you are strong .  newline newline  how do they do this ?  i asked the old man , still searching for which of these magnificent weapons had spoken to me . newline newline  i know not , it is one of the mysteries of this place ,  the old man replied . newline newline worry not about the feeble one . come , take me , and let us start the beginning of the end .  newline newline this time i could tell it was coming from the left , behind the old man . i pushed passed him , no longer paying him any heed . i walked longer than i could tell . the hall was endless and so it was difficult to tell how long i had been running before i found it . damn , did nt even realise i had begun to run , i was even winded . i looked to me left and right and saw two different weapons . on the left , i had only seen a weapon like this once before coming to the hall . it was called a khopesh and had a golden pommel , with a fine leather grip . the blade itself gleamed in the light , the edge cut the light of the hall creating a dazzling display on the alcove it rested in . newline newline yet this was not what spoke to me . on my right , covered in a heavy dust was something i had seen many times before . it was a hand a half sword , i had used one many times before and was familiar with the blade type . this one however seemed rusted and the leather strappings were cracked and faded . newline newline excuse my appearance . it has been some time since i ve feasted , and so i ve let myself go newline newline  this is what spoke to you ? hmph , i would have imagined you would bring excalibur back to earth s surface . this though ? this has only seen the fall of civilizations , nothing of worth has become of those who wield this ,  the voice of the old man came from behind me . i turned to face him , and here he was . i did not hear him come up behind me . must be another mystery of the hall . newline newline i was wielded by a fool who had no ideas of grandeur . she only wanted to destroy what her unfaithful king had created , and once she had done so used me to end her life . those after her i had called to believed me to cursed . i am no such curse , but a promise . a promise to destroy who or whatever you want . it is up to you however to build the rubble into something worthy of my name newline newline  and what is your name ?  i asked . newline newline ex nihilo newline newline  newline newline this is my first time posting here , any words would be helpful ! ! thanks for reading !  social engineering  . those words just slide off the tongue like butter do nt they . here , say them with me , go ahead . social engineering . see ? i just got you to say social engineering . is nt it great ? newline newline i ve always said that once you can fake sincerity you ve got it made . dress the part , get the right haircut , have a smile like a single , huge gleaming tooth , and just the right grip to the handshake and you become ceo just like that . office id ? hah , get a discordian  official pope  card with a good picture , laminate that bad boy , and you re golden like an apple . newline newline so i  worked  for turnkey synergy inc. a year back or so . by worked , i mean i showed up like i was supposed to be there , picked a cubicle , and was good to go . i was really hired by synergistic proactive associates to help them get a little edge on the competition . newline newline the senior accountant of tsi was really uptight about her desk , see ? everything in place , in order , sorted , color coded , indexed , filed , alphabetic , paper clips no staples , etc , yadda , blah . right . all i had to do was push a single pencil out of line by the merest fraction , or slightly lower the monitor . the best was turning her family photos upside down in their frames because she might not notice . until i approached her desk as the perfect , chipper employee and pointed it out to her , of course . all in good cheer . good heavens would she get red and cranky  but not at me , never at me  . newline newline having flowers sent to happily married john from the hr assistant toni was a nice touch . a few whispered words got toni fired and i think john s living in a hotel now . eh , his wife is mean anyway , he can do better . newline newline another great trick was puting usb thumb drives all over the parking lot . you should have seen it running around that week . the payload was signed by the lead developer s private key . man . rotten luck . it took days for them to even discover the ssh connections to the ukraine . newline newline of course i was nt above petty aggrivations . hiding the toilet paper . eating someone else s lunch and leaving the leftovers on the intern s desk . setting popcorn in the microwave to 20 minutes . an old ipod in the ceiling with a cheap speaker playing , over an over again , a high pitched squeal that was just barely audible to human hearing  i had to grin and bear that one myself  . newline newline i d steal things from bob s desk and put them on alice s desk . sometimes in plain sight , while they were watching . because i d use a little magic called  misdirection  . slides off the tongue like silk . here , say it with me ,  misdirection  . see , you did nt even notice i mispelled msdirection the first time . newline newline i turned in my reports on time and always had a slap on the back and a hail and well met for everyone . i brought in doughnuts and cookies . no one ever noticed i was nt on the payroll . newline newline within months there was nt a single person in the office who was nt a haggard , paranoid mess , and that s where i failed . they just could nt take my impervious optimism , it just made them angrier at that point . but at that point i d already cost them many thousands , several good and important employees , and all of their morale . glorious . newline newline maybe later i ll tell you about when they hired me to attack their competitor synergistic proactive associates so they could get little edge on the competition . only work through third parties , that s what i always say . never let them know what i look like . social engineering . say it with me .five dayslong holiday has passed now . without any work done , i should pull an allnighter to finish two reports . for one of them , i have two paragraphs , and for the other , i wrote nothing . newline newline because 11 hours were spent internetting today , my brain feels like a vacuum space . newline newline i have up to 13 hours left before having to ride my bike to go to my work . my plan is to write 1500 words for one of the reports and 1800 for the other . besides , i always had plans . newline newline the day the holiday began , about 5pm , the plan was to spend five days by reading , and writing . newline newline the day the summer break began , about 5pm too  the time my work ends  , spending two months by running and thinking was the plan . newline newline when my high school started , the plan was to get full marks in every subject , just as when my primary school started . newline newline the result of the planning throughout 20 years has always been nothing , almost like the nothingness we can feel when we think of the massive space . that s because nothing much was done . the problem is simple yet too big . newline newline you should find the cure for this invisible virus which we call procrastination . otherwise , my species including me will live and die with it , and it might even reach your world . please save us . find the cure ! newline newline   a radio message transmitted from an unidentified planetthe problem was solved way faster than i would have thought . instead of finding someone that could perish the demon all the way back to hell . newline newline i took the gun and pointed it at my head . meanwhile the demon whispered inside my head  it s easy . just pull the trigger . steady hand . aim carfully  it had been its goal all along to motivate me so much that i wanted to die . as i reflected upon my life as i stood in front of the mirror  it  appeared in front of me , red skin and hollow black eyes and the biggest smile i had ever seen and screamed  do it . just do it  i knew that there was only one choice . this creature motivated me my whole life . so why question it ? i pulled the trigger ... so boss ,  doohan drawled  anything of note here ?  newline newline  nope .  i said ,  nothing at all , we best move on .  newline newline it was our third day on a previously unknown island in the atlantic ocean . to be precise we were at 32.296060 , 64.826548 . in all their years of operation nobody s satellites saw this island . not nasa , not the cia , not the mss , nor the svr . everyone s  satellites just showed just another blue patch of ocean . so when a container ship when missing and the retrieval crew found it grounded on this island every major player was interested . after all , surveillance was their business and their satellites did nt detect this island . knowing that everyone would want a finger in this pie , the us filed an injunction at the un to try and stop other countries from gaining an advantage . after a few months of deliberation and backroom dealing the un officially called me and my team in to investigate on behalf of the entire world . unofficially i m working for the americans . why ? it s my patriotic duty of course ! newline newline bullsht. newline newline the americans were really wigged out that their fancy  and expensive  satellites could miss something . especially since this island is 50 sq km . so they offered me the one thing i really wanted : the opportunity to reform any law , no questions asked . like i said , they were seriously freakedout about this . at 10 km a day the expedition will be over soon . my report will be as follows : no need to excavate  nothing of value . newline newline newline newline daily debrief session newline newline  dammit jim ! what is really down there  deforest asked . newline newline deforest is my contact with the americans . obviously his name is nt actually deforest , that is just his code name . newline  well dee , i ll tell you this much : we should not dig here  newline newline  why not ?  newline newline  because whatever is down their is nt manmade . it is most likely extraterrestrial .  newline newline  that s a lame excuse jim . we re gon na dig . we ve simply invested too many resources not to . do you know how hard it is to change a federal law ?  newline newline  no , but that s not my problem . look  you re probably a spook or an analyst of some kind . what happens when the us finds evidence of alien tech ?  newline newline  what an incredibly stupid question ! we wou  newline newline a realization spread across deforest s face . newline  oh .  he said in a very small voice ,  but what abou  newline newline  nuh uh . think it through .  newline newline newline there was a long pause . newline newline after a while deforest spoke :  sht man . you re right we should nt dig here . that s some incredibly complex geopolitics . how d you figure that out ?  newline newline i smiled .  i ve been doing this for a while dee . i ve been doing this for a while . you do nt think this is the first time i ve seen nothing  do you ?  newlinei looked around , he was usually somewhere playing pranks on the squirrels and birds that ca nt see him like i do . most people do nt make friends with them seeing as they re death and all , but gary was different . gary was nt scary or menacing , he did nt even carry a scythe . instead , he carried around a guitar . newline newline my friends told me they only see theirs in passing like when a car almost hits them , they can see the reaper pushing it and laughing . gary s never done that , quite the opposite i think . i ve almost gotten killed 7 times and gary has saved me . i ve never told anyone about it until 3 weeks ago . a friend was telling me how their reaper decided to play a  prank  where they make a swarm of bees approach him .  gary is nt like that ...  i say softly .  who the hell is gary ? !  he asked , almost shocked at the name of my reaper .  he s my reaper ... . he does nt do those pranks though , he s actually ... ... saved me a couple of time  at this point my friend is in disbelief .  beelzebub  he manages to get out .  that s the name of mine . named after the devil himself . and yours in named gary ...  my friend had tears in his eyes as he quickly turned away and started to run . i did nt try and stop him , i did nt call out to him , because i was just as shocked . newline newline i tried to get ahold of gary after that to try and ask him why he was so different or maybe what made me so different but no matter where i looked i could nt find him . it s been 3 weeks and i still have nt seen him . sometimes i think i ll see him , when i quickly turn to look it s just the wind . i miss gary , i wonder if anyone would actually be able to miss their reaper considering when you meet them for the first time you usually are extremely close to death . newline newline speaking of , i remember the first time gary and i met . i was walking out of my chemotherapy and saw him barreling towards me . i screamed and covered myself with my hands . after a couple seconds of cowering in fear i looked up to see a boney smile .  hey , i m gary nice to meet you !  that was 6 years ago . newline newline i stopped going to chemo 4 years ago after my cancer started to recede . i never thought they were connected until today . it s been 5 months since gary s gone . the cancer is back and in full force . the doctors say i do nt have very long to live , but i ve been told that before ! i smile through it and pretend everything is alright . newline newline  wake up .  that s gary s voice ! i open my eyes to see him standing over my bed and i lunge up and give him a huge hug .  where have you been ? i ve been so lonely without you . where s the guitar ? how come you have a scythe  that was the last word i could get out before , well you know . newline newline i never did find out what happened to gary , or why he never decided to take my life . maybe he was lonely , maybe he did nt feel like . but from what i ve been told reapers do nt wear white ... . newline newline newline newline newline newline my first time responding to one of these ! sorry for any grammatical , spelling or whatever errors in there . wrote it on mobile ! he is the one chosen to save us .  taylor gestured to the man standing on the subway platform . newline newline  him ?  kevin asked his mentor . newline newline  yes , he is the butterfly whose wings shall change the course of history  . newline newline  but he s so ...  kevin analyzed the mans clothing and posture . newline newline  he is chosen  newline newline the man they observed is called bob , and he he was waiting to board the e train . bob was on his way to his job as an accountant , and was on time for work for the 500th consecutive day . newline newline kevin and taylor watched him as he went through his monday routine . after work he stopped for a hot dog , and then went back to his apartment . he then left his apartment and went to the gym and attended a kick boxing class . he returned home , sat down and heated his dinner , chicken and asparagus that had been prepared the day before . newline newline at 6:59:30 pm eastern standard time , kevin and taylor knocked on his door . bob was wearing white pajamas with blue stripes . newline newline  bob smith , my name is taylor . i have been sent from the future to guide you on a journey to save the world . please tune your television to channel seven and i will give you today s winning lottery numbers . newline newline intrigued , bon obliged and watched in awe as taylor and kevin predicted the lottery numbers , and the exact outcome of the third inning of the yankees game . newline newline  ok , i believe you are from the future .  bob inspected the time travelers as he spoke . newline newline  are you sure ?  kevin had memorized hundreds of facts to sway the chosen one . newline newline  yes  bob looked at his watch . he would have to be in bed soon to wake up on time .  what now ?  newline newline kevin and taylor exchanged glances , chosen ones took days or sometimes years to convince . none had accepted their fate the first day , let alone the first hour . newline newline newline taylor spoke first ,  do nt you want to know why you were chosen ?  newline newline bob shook his head .  i think i d rather understand the threat first .  newline newline  45 years from now the president of the united states will seize complete control of the government and begin a reign of martial law and genocide . 6 billion people have died under his rule and newline newline bob interrupted taylor ,  am i related to him ?  newline newline  yes , he is your son . we d like you to return with us to our future to lead the resistance against him .  newline newline  could you now tell me why i was chosen ?  newline newline  your son developed a formula that enhanced his body and mind , he is now the perfect human specimen .  newline newline  except he s a genocidal tyrant .  newline newline  well his mind and body are perfect .  newline newline  ca nt you travel back in time before he takes the serum ?  newline newline newline  he s injected the serum into your bloodline , we do not know when , but from the moment he is conceived he is unstoppable .  newline newline  so why ask me to fight him , why not kill me ?  newline newline kevin and taylor exchanged another uncomfortable glance .  we have tried that , but your murder creates a catastrophic butterfly effect . sorry about that .  newline newline  can i just get a vasectomy ?  bob asked . newline newline  we have nt tried that but if history prove  newline newline bob interrupted taylor again .  let s try it , i ll make an appointment and we can see if it works .  newline newline  i must insist .  taylors voice hardened .  we need you to come back with us . this is the only way  newline newline  not really , i mean this is an option you have nt considered .  newline newline  it s been considered  . newline newline  and ?  newline newline  it is unethical .  newline newline  billions of people dying is nt too ethical .  newline newline  our leaders have  newline newline  i m going to get a vasectomy .  newline newline  do nt you want kids ? newline newline  not genocidal ones  newline newline  but your son is going to be a great scientist first ! he s going to cure cancer before he   newline newline  cancer does nt kill billions , well it does but sounds like my kid is worse than cancer  newline newline  well ...  newline newline bob rose and opened the door .  i m going to make an appointment for a vasectomy , and then get it . go back to your future and if it does nt work we can try your plan  newline newline unable to sway bob s mind , kevin and taylor left his apartment . newline newline  what now ?  kevin asked . newline newline  now we return to our future and bring back evidence that his plan failed ... ..  newline newline 45 years later  newline newline  oh .  kevin looked at taylor ,  i guess it worked  . newline newline camila , just think about it ,  i said to the unenthusiastic 64 yearold latino woman .  do you really want to be working the register for the rest of your life ? do you like bagging mangoes that much ?  she handed me the full plastic bag as i loaded it into the cart . newline newline  listen , chico ,  she said seriously ,  this is my whole life . i m happy here ! i make more dinero here than i did ridin  with the cartel back in mexico .  newline newline  but you re an experienced gangster !  i said , exasperated . i grew quieter as i saw the suspicious stares of customers :  look , all i m saying is that with your cartel background and my ambition , we can take over the world !  camila gave me one of those disappointed looks , the one that mothers give to their screaming children . newline newline  sorry , chico , i m too fat . my days of thugging are long gone .  then she looked at me more apologetically ,  maybe in a few years you can become manager of the store and then climb the corporate ladder to the top . but until then , keep bagging .  newline newline i sighed and walked away , disappointed . camila was my only hope . newline newline a few hours later , i was mopping up vomit on the floor when a light flickered on inside my head . it was as if everything became suddenly clear , snapping into focus .  that s it !  , i shouted happily . i dropped the mop back into the sludge and sprinted toward the manager s office . newline newline i practically broke down his door as i barreled into his domain . mr. frederick is a fat man , a very fat man . so fat that every time i see him , i m surprised that he s still breathing . in fact , his mere existence is what got me thinking of revolution . how he gets to sit there all day , eating his donuts and pies , while the rest of us slave under him , cleaning toilets and bagging food . did nt help that the guy was generally a bastard , too . newline newline so he looked particularly fat today , horrified and clumping , almost dropping his donut at my fullthrottle visit . i looked over his fat rolls of meat and saggy skin as i made the boldest speech of my life : newline newline  mr. fredrick , i am here to inform you that i will no longer be working at this disgusting establishment . i believe that we as a people should be mortified at the filth that your kind represents . today is the day a new world is born . one that is free from corporate control , one that is free from the shackles of walmart , and the rest of its ilk . today is a day that will be remembered as the revolution of revolutions . one that would make even the boldest , most profound insurgents weep at its beauty . today is mankind s first step out of the darkness and into the light !  newline newline i looked down at the man , who suddenly seemed very small , and very insignificant . and very fat . newline newline his mouth was open in shock , spilling its soggy contents onto his desk , leaking onto his engorged pants . i smiled , satisfied , and left without waiting for a response . newline newline i was off to start the new world . detective millers and johnson . what is it this time sergeant currie ?  newline newline newline  two deaths . bloody . not pretty , one of the worst i ve seen this year . might want to bring in a mask . or a bucket .  newline newline newline  christ johnston . put the cigarette out . last time you were smoking in a crime scene , you destroyed a vital piece of evidence .  newline newline newline  how was i supposed to know that the dildo was going to be the smoking gun  of the case ? who cares . we got the bastard anyways .  newline newline newline  hey currie , what happened here ?  newline newline newline  what do you mean ? it s pretty obvious if you ask me .  newline newline newline  and we re asking . so saddle up sugarbuns , give us a straight answer .  newline newline newline  johnstons  right . cmon , make it a bit easier for us . indulge us , if you will , one of your theories .  newline newline newline  fine . you guys are the boss . anyways , clean cut double homicide . done right , doubletap , back of the head , down on the knees means they were threatened , blood splatter patterns mean that the two wereboth facing the same direction and were shot from behind . the guy who shot them probably used a high powered revolver given the amount of ketchup on the floor , and we ve found two social security numbers . one going to a john smith  , and the other to a bobby smith  . what do you thin of that ?  newline newline newline  what do you think miller ?  newline newline newline  do nt care . it s a setup , johnson .  newline newline newline  hmm . yea , sergeant . miller s right .  newline newline newline newline  how s that ?  newline newline newline  because currie . what s the date ?  newline newline newline  april the firs  newline newline newline  aprils fool ! ! ! fooling one horseman is an art , two is a science , but all four requires some serious balls , a dab of idiocy and a whole lot of luck . it just so happened that i had the last three things , which was a mighty fine coincidence because i was fresh out of the first two . newline newline my little village sat in the valley between two spurs , on a river that never had a name surrounded by hills that were never drawn on a map . well , it would be more truthful to say that the village squatted on the river like an ugly hunchback giving birth . it was a pretty ugly village , did nt have a lot going for it , which meant we did nt get a lot of visitors  ever . newline newline this may have been part of the reason that inbreeding was so rife among the townfolk , but i leave questions like that to men of greater moral and scientific standards than myself . plus i m busy telling a story so we do nt want to get too sidetracked . newline newline so , as i was saying , we did nt get many visitors . so i was pretty darn surprised when a man in platemail arrived on a horse the size of a house demanding to see death . newline newline  death does nt want to see you .  is what i said . no country knight was going to get a laugh playing a joke on me . the man on the horse recoiled as if i had slapped him . newline newline  death does not want to see me ?  he asked , confounded .  i am war , the harbinger of the apocalypse .  he clenched his hands as if to demonstrate his point , and i watched in horror as flaming , tormented souls sprang from his grasp . this guy was the real deal , and i had just lied to him . which meant that telling the truth would get me killed . newline newline  yeah ,  i said ,  see , death gave it a bit of a think and he came to the conclusion that maybe you were nt the right man for the job . something about a lack of consistency ? sometimes you kill too few , sometimes you kill too many . he does nt want that kind of lack of professionalism in the crew you know ?  war stared at me with eyes that were now literally on fire . newline newline  mortal fool ! what will i do if not plague the land with bloodshed ? !  newline newline  well , maybe you could settle down , maybe pick up a hobby ? i do nt know .  war seemed to consider this with some gravitas before he said newline newline  i know not what purpose i was created if not to be a horseman , but i will try it your way .  and so , and i swear i am not kidding , war stabled his horse and , still not kidding , went about inventing the game of chess . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline soon another horse rode into town , and upon it sat an emaciated man with eyes like endless pits . i was still thanking the lucky stars that war had nt caught on , leaving me at the wrong place to meet famine . newline newline  i wish to speak to death boy .  whispered the man . newline newline  ca nt  i said ,  he fired you .  only after the words had left my lips did i realise my mistake . the endless pits turned to gaze into my soul as the mouth asked newline newline  fired ? me ? i am famine ? a horseman of the apocalypse . the end of the world is nigh ! he ca nt fire me !  it was at this point that i realised that i was in some serious shit . now i had been in shit before , but this shit was so serious it wore a three piece suit and would nt smile if you tickled it all over . newline newline  yeah , death feels that you are nt really going in the direction that he sees for the four horsemen , if you know what i mean ?  newline newline  no i do nt  came the raspy reply . newline newline  well , it s like this .  in for a penny in for a pound mam always said .  he was saying that you take a bit long to finish em off you know . starvation is a commitment , causes a backlog . death just is nt keen on the waiting , he has other things to do .  newline newline  and what would death have me do if not bring famine to the people ?  famine asked . newline newline  hell if i know , war seemed to find something , why do nt you ask him .  this interested famine , who , after finding war embroiled in the creation of some heinously complicated board game , set about painting some things in the inn , and inadvertently created the still life art movement . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline i tell you , i was still wiping the sweat from my brow when another shadow befell me . i turned to find the third horseman , pestilence . newline newline  i seek council with death .  came the rattle from the throat of pestilence . now i m not too clever , but even i knew that if he found war and famine and the stories did nt match then i was in for a hurt so big the world would end soon after . so i said newline newline  yeah , actually death s broken up the whole band . the four horsemen are more like the self motivated band of individual travellers now .  pestilence settled its gaze upon me and rattled again . newline newline  i do not understand .  newline newline  look , death was thinking , and he decided to let war and famine go . they were cramping his style in a bad way and he just could nt work with them . he always liked you the most pestilence , but with everyone s creative differences and the horsemen coming apart he just did nt want to keep you around . he needed a fresh start .  newline newline  insolence  replied pestilence ,  what am i to do if not ride as a harbinger of the apocalypse ?  i sighed before saying , newline newline  go check with war and famine , they found something to do .  pestilence wondered off . he found no succour in the trivial pursuits of his erstwhile companions , and set about the ugly village itself , where he set about training the rats , and the fleas on the rats , consequently starting the first animal circus largely by mistake . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline i had had a rough day by this point , but boy oh boy was i not ready for what came next . the sun had just kissed the horizon as my ears filled with a terrible thrumming , which turned itself into the hoofbeats of a skeletal horse mounted by death itself . newline newline   inform my companions that i was delayed and now seek to parley with them . newline newline oh shit . if death talked to them then the metaphorical cat would be out of the proverbial bag , as my dad used to say . i did the only thing i could in that situation , i rolled the growing lie in my mouth before biting it hard and yanking for all i was worth . newline newline  thing is , death , the others were having a chat , airing some grievances if you will , and they came to the conclusion that they needed to let you go . you know , replace you .  newline newline   replace me ? i am the god of the end . the fourth horseman . i am the rider of the night and the taker of souls . i can not be replaced . newline newline  be that as it may , they just ca nt get over some of the things you do . you were late , that s quite a big nono , being late for the apocalypse and all . they told me to tell you that it s not you , its them  but they were hinting that it was mostly you .  newline newline   fools , to scorn the bringer of death , to replace a horseman . tell me in which direction they rode so that i may crush them . newline newline  uhh , they went left .  i said , pointing to a trail that i knew led to a swamp that held a cave that ran the length of the earth four times before ending at the core . now i did nt know this at the time , but it was there , and i was quite lucky to point at it . newline newline the thunder of death s horse rang through my mortal ears as i watched him ride away .dave walked out of the office on a delightful friday afternoon with sunlight beating down on the bright white concrete . he whistled as he strolled through the town center , smiling as he watched the children run over the bricks , chasing a soccer ball . people were out and about , shopping , sipping on tall fruity drinks outside corner restaurants , marveling at the statues that dotted the area . life was beautiful . newline he wandered home , taking the long way so he could stop by his good friend joey s house . he was tending to his garden , picking out fistsized , perfect tomatoes . newline  joey ! i m having a little party tomorrow night ? you interested ? i got some beautiful girls coming ,  he said , a wolfish grin stuck on his face . newline joey looked apologetic .  sorry man , i made plans with marge already . maybe next weekend though .  newline dave was taken aback . joey always came to his parties . oh well . he buried the little bit of hurt , understanding that he could nt be joey s only friend . newline  it s cool . do nt get to naughty now , yhear ?  newline joey laughed and waved him away . still a little puzzled , dave continued on , his hurt feelings fading away . newline newline that was the last time he ever saw joey .all i did was rob a damn store ! i needed the money , my kids were starving  i couldn  t take their pleading eyes , the rumble of their stomachs . i felt like a failure , so i resorted to drastic measures . i bought an airsoft gun and gently sliced off the orange tip  i never wanted to hurt anyonei just needed food . i robbed a store  it all went down so easily , until i got outside of the dunkin donuts , and , staring at me from the drive through was an officer , probably awaiting his donuts . a hooded man touting a revolver must have seemed very suspicious , as he exited his vehicle and approached me . newline newline  what are you doing out so late , boy ?  inquired the officer , a distinctly southern accent heard on his lips . his icy glare bit into my skin , the soft frown on his face told me everything i needed to know . he knew . newline  uuuh..hnothing officer ! just headed home  i stammered out a weak excuse as my heart pounded within my chest . sweat poured down my face as my hands trembled in nervous anxiety . this can  t be happening . why did i do this ? how will i feed my kids now ?  thoughts swirled around with the anxiety to form the perfect recipe for madness . the officer approached me as the store clerk ran out , pointing wildly at me . newline newline  robbery ! this man is a robber  the man  s piercing wail assaulted my ears . a lump formed in my throat . i stopped breathing . a tear fell silently down my cheek . my kids would surely perish , or be forgotten and abused in some foster home . this was the end . newline newline  i knew something was off about you , boy . you  re under arrest  the officer snarled . i could feel the iciness of the words sink into my soul . it was over . i felt the cool metal around one of my wrists as both my arms were wrenched behind my back . a soft click was heard as the lock was shut . i was trapped . there was no escape . grabbing me roughly around the waist , the officer forced me roughly into the car , slamming me roughly into the top on the way . stars danced across my vision as i fell onto the seat . he secured me in place and entered the front seat , the engine starting with a gentle purr . newline newline  ppplease , my kids are starving , i only did it to save them !  i pleaded , hoping that this heartless man would hear my plight . he only ignored me , occasionally stopping to glare at me through the rearview mirror . i could feel the hate emanating from the officer . i began to hyperventilate as true realization had set in . my last memory is of the hard cloth covered seat slamming into my pounding head , as i felt the blood from my earlier wound drip slowly onto the floor of the car , and the feeling of that frozen hateful stare of the officer upon my pitiful state . newline newline i awoke with a start to an unfamiliar ceiling . everything was painted an awful beige , except for the metal bars that showed a dimly lit hallway , and the barred window that told me it was still night . realization of where i was set in as memories of last night flooded back into my mind . this is a holding cell . i could hear footsteps approaching . the clicking of heels on cold tile grew louder and louder until a shadow loomed at the cell door of my prison . newline newline  oh , i  m surprised to see you  re awake james , it  s time for your case to be heard.  the officer from earlier says icily . as he ends his sentence , the sound of metal on metal is heard as the cell door is thrown violently open . the officer steps calmly inside and grabs me by my collar , dragging me slowly behind him . i cough and choke as my ability to breathe is shut off , he whirls me around and pushes me forward , my head slamming into the tile . i cough and sputter violently as i try to get up , however he places his foot firmly into my back . he rolls me over and i can see a look of absolute hate plastered onto his face . i see him raise his foot , newline newline  no , please no !  i shout , instinctively , however my pleas fall on death ears , he slams his foot into my abdomen forcing me to cough up blood . he pulls me roughly to my feet again and leads me to the courtroom . the judge sits quietly , looking at my disheveled state as if it is nothing new . newline newline  don  t mind the injuries your honor , he attempted to escape on the way here , thought he had the element of surprise.  i was enraged by the injustice of it all , how everything was being pinned on me . the judges stare adopted an icy stone as if he suddenly saw me as scum . newline newline  wwwheres my pub    i was cut off by a punch to the gut . i fell to my knees , choking once again . the judge pretended not to notice the incident and began the hearing . i couldn  t pay attention , i was too angered , too hurt . i was never called to the stand and nor were any witnesses . a simple sentence was given out , something that forced me to attention .  you will be sent to the year 1939 , as a jew in nazi germany.  newline newline my mind was still reeling from the news as two men in white coats dragged me off through the exit . they dragged me out of the building and to a white , windowless van . i was thrown roughly into the van , and passed out . newline newline i awoke to another unfamiliar ceiling . i sat up in bed rubbing my groggy head , the pain of everything that had happened recently coming back to me . a woman i did not recognize lie asleep next to me , in a similar state . her head had several bruises near the forehead , and she was bruised heavily on the stomach . her injuries told me she was like me . a criminal sent here to die as punishment . newlinewe have nt had a sunny day here that anyone recalls . the clouds just hang over our heads , reminding us daily of our regrets . the air has a stench of trash , sewage , and broken dreams . newline newline children do nt play here  it s a constant struggle . nothing can ever be ok here . my neighbors , if you can call them that , are like brooding phantoms that i scurry past in the dark alley ways . i live in constant fear of what they might do to me , or what i might do to them , if we ever met . newline newline most nights i curl up on the floor , drenched in a foulsmelling sweat brought on by night terrors , like a carpet covered in urine . i can not know peace , even though my door is shut tight , and locked with deadbolts . locked to keep out the miserable people . newline newline people like me . what a wretched ... newline newline darkened day . the toxic clouds are here to stay . i m on my way to where the dust of my bones and the earth meet . newline newline can you tell me how to get away  get away from sesame street ?they never said goodbye that night . newline newline i had some family over for dinner , and do nt get me wrong , i understand why people normally love family , but oh my god . i hate my family . there was a reason why i moved out as soon as i came of age . they were rude , loud , and annoying . my father was a drunk  and not a mean drunk . a loud drunk . in some ways , i think that was actually worse than if he would have beat me .  my little brother ? oh my god , what a little shithead . thought he could get everything he ever wanted on a silver platter and he d never have to do anything himself . newline newline they invited themselves over for dinner , so i did nt have a very long time to prepare , but i moved quickly . a pure white , plastic tablecloth on my dining table  a tarp underneath , just in case . they were messy eaters . i forgot to mention that .  steak knives at every place setting , barbecue forks for the meal , and i shut all the blinds and lit some candles to keep some ambience . newline newline they barged in only minutes after i had finished put everything together , in all their loud and intense glory . they barely even said hello to me before they sat down at the table . jesus christ , those fuckers . newline newline i went to another room and poured a few glasses of wine , one for me , one for my parents , and since my parents gave the okay , one for my little brother . like the little shit he was , he drained it in one gulp and immediately asked for the whole bottle . newline newline luckily , the pills had already dissolved before i gave them the glasses . it took a little bit , but one by one , they slumped over the table , faces in their food like the pigs they were . i picked up a steak knife and slit each of their throats , enjoying the way they opened up and their blood flowed as free as the wine i just poured . i buried their bodies beneath my basement floorboards , and wrapped up and burned the tarp and tablecloth . one can never be too careful . once i finished , i went back to my steak and had a hearty meal , content in how the night had gone , relishing in one fact . newline newline they never said goodbye that night . julaim , what are you doing ? those are nt explosives . put it down .  newline newline hekkan stood over his counterpart , fuming as the diminutive brown man tinkered with an unmarked box . instead of looking for the armory like he should have been , julaim was on the ground , surrounded by plastic bags , pills , and expensive glass equipment . newline newline  where is the map , julaim ? are you listening to me ?  newline newline julaim threw a thumb over his shoulder , without looking up ,  it s on the table .  newline newline hekkan grunted , and went to retrieve the map . glass crackled under his dusty , rockchewed boots . after a moment of searching , he found the blueprints hidden under a stack of papers and envelopes with a fat , red  classified  stamped on top . newline newline the blueprints were soaking wet with some recently spilled chemical solution . hekkan had to stop himself from shaking . newline newline he drew in a deep breath , like the calm before an explosion . newline newline  julaim ! how in all  newline newline a loud click interrupted his tirade . julaim yelped , and threw the unmarked box against the wall . on instinct , they both covered their faces with their arms . newline newline  what did you do ?  hekkan shouted , his hands still in front of his face ,  is it a bomb ?  newline newline  i do nt know ...  julaim answered . he stood up , careful not to disturb anything on the floor , and padded gingerly over to the box . newline newline it was open . newline newline inside , the box was all black velvet . a white symbol , which heavily implied danger of some sort , was painted on the inside of the lid . inside of the box , five separate capsules lay still , like the revered carcasses of ancient egyptian kings . newline newline  what is it ?  hekkan stood behind julaim , using his body as a kind of shield . newline newline wordlessly , julaim passed him a sheet of paper with writing so tiny , hekkan had to hold it up to his nose to read it . newline newline  this was on top ,  julaim said ,  i ca nt read it .  newline newline  warning . clinical . trial . do . not . ingest .  newline newline hekkan looked up from the paper to see julaim holding one of the capsules between his finger and thumb , inspecting it in the light . hekkan looked back down at the page , and skimmed through it , muttering to himself . newline newline  julaim , it s a miracle drug .  newline newline  what does this mean , hekkan ?  newline newline  it will make you very smart , very , very smart and then you will die . wait , julaim , do nt take it .  newline newline he held out a hand to stop julaim , but there was a look in julaim s eyes that he knew all too well . it was the same look julaim had when he bowed to the west , every morning . it was the look of utter devotion that hekkan had worked so hard to instill in julaim . newline newline  but hekkan , i am already dead .  newline newline hekkan scratched his dirty fingernails through his beard ,  good point , brother . ya allah .  newline newline  inshaallah , brother ,  julaim said , and threw the pill back into his mouth . he swallowed , and gasped , and rubbed his esophagus . newline newline his breathing grew heavy , and more sweat than usual beaded out across his brow . he turned to look at hekkan with eyes as wide as landmines . newline newline  do you feel it , brother ?  hekkan asked , his voice hushed . newline newline silence , as julaim mentally checked himself . newline newline  i do nt feel a fucking thing .  newline newline hekkan glued his face back to the sheet , his eyes darting across the page . newline newline  it says it can take up to forty five minutes . maybe less .  newline newline  does it say how long until it ... until i ...  julaim bowed his head , unable to say what he was thinking . newline newline hekkan clapped his hand on julaim s shoulder ,  until you see allah , brother ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline hekkan shook his head . newline newline  no , it does nt say ,  he lied . newline newline  are you sure ?  newline newline  is allah the only god ?  newline newline julaim took his point , and put his arm around hekkan . then , hekkan did something he had never done before  he pulled julaim into an embrace . newline newline he whispered into julaim s ear ,  god wills it , brother .  newline newline  god wills it .  newline newline  come , julaim . we ve got to find those explosives before they find out we re in here . shit . why ca nt i be batman . i wanted to be friggin batman , and now i am stuck with this stupid lame power . oh well . look , ice cream ! yeah , it s kinda lukewarm though . oh look , luthor seems to have been taken on luthor s personality . it s either that or the guy s a freak . shit , ice cream , talk to me . luthor , go away . i do nt wan na be part of your stupid plans i just wan na eat ice cream . that s mordecai , i do nt even want to talk to that guy . why are there so many clowns ? oh these are jokers . all of them ledger of course , none original ones . hahaha that one actually looks pretty good . there , preserved for eternity . or till summer , tops . newline newline newline i told luthor , magneto , i do nt care for being a villain . i wan na be friends with the good guys . they are the ones who get the goodies and the smoochies . all right then , just this once . yeah i know i m good kidnapping people . who is mary jane ? who ? oh ok there s a list . yes i can do it but promise you wo nt tell batman . i wan na throw a party later and maybe he might wan na come . hopefully , i do nt know . ok who are these girls ? are they princesses ? oh bummer , but okay , as long as you do nt screw my party . newline newline so that s the last one . yeah . 6 mary janes , seven jean grays , three louis lanes , sixteen princesses bubblegums  hello pb  , two wonder womans  she resisted , i like her , she is feisty  or is it wonder women ? etcetera etcetera . newline newline oh here come the good guys . just remember i am not with you guys . newline newline hey it s finn . i had nt seen him today . hi finn . just hanging out with my pal ice cream here . he looks sick though , kinda down . maybe he has a fever . what kidnapped girls ? oh them . no i did nt , they were already kidnapped when i got here . magneto ! you betrayed me ! ! ! ! ! i said i am a good guy ! oh shut up , freeze ! newline newline yeah , sure , let them go . but on one condition : you have to come sing with me and marceline in our gig tonight . newline newline oh i dont know of marceline is here . but i can take us to ooo right away . but do you want to sing or not ? jake said yes . okay no i have nt seen him yet but he ia coming . finn ... finn ! ! !they show their teeth . why ? must they bite something in the air ? the air does smell like burning glucose ... why is this pleasant ? why do humans come here ? they make noises that resemble that of a dying hyena . what is the point ? the mechanical ribbed structures that transport humans at deafening speeds looks more like a death trap than an effective form of travel . they twist and twirl for absolutely no reason at all , and bring the patron to a higher elevation only to sling them back down . none of this is making sense . newline newline now what appears to be a human male hands me a spear . at least , it looks like a spear  although it is too small to be of any use in a battle , pricking it causes bleeding . the human then points to a wall of colorful spheres . it is an assault of my senses . newline newline  pop one !  he says , with his lips bent a certain way to make an upwards curve on the face . i assume he wants me to throw the spear at the wall . i do , to discover that these spheres make an unpleasant noise when destroyed . newline newline i feel as though i lost . i can not understand what these beings find fulfilling in this place . newline newline but the human hands me a plush , soft item that resembles an earthbear , but instead of being threatening , it makes the same bent lip shape as the human . i look at this item . i make the same lip shape .my heart pounds in my chest as sweat beads on my forehead , running into my eyes . time slips from moment to moment , each an empty eternity . i lick my lips to moisten them as i notice the heavy smell of ozone beginning to fill the air . i glance to my best friend and classmate , who is making motion we discussed before hand , to determine which element the sorcerer i would face was a master of . lightning . i ve studied this and practiced endlessly how to defend against it . newline newline the man in black robes slowly raises his hands , and the further they get from the ground , the more the air seems to crackle with static electricity . when his hands reach their apex , lightning dances from his finger tips , blazing so brightly that the very air i breathe feels as if it s about to catch fire . before i can even gasp at the sharp increase in temperature , his voice fills the room , but by the lack of reaction from my classmates , i m the only one that hears it .  this is no mere exam ! life or death beckons to you , and only your knowledge will determine which greets you !  newline newline rule 1  never attack a lightning user directly . blindly attacking by sheer definition leaves you open , and a master of lightning needs only the tiniest opportunity to fry even an experienced wizard where they stand . newline newline he rushes at me , hands outstretched behind him , fingers sparking and trailing light behind him . i stand my ground and run through various spells to defend against him . a simple shield ? no . a deflection spell ? might hurt one of my classmates , and that would definitely cut down on my grade , if i even live through this . i would kill to be an earth user right now . but me and my ego , decided to master in the generic arcane arts . though potentially the most powerful , they re not particularly strong against any element . then again ... they re not weak either . an absorption spell , that s what i need ! newline newline rule 2  never use weapons against a lightning user . all wooden and metal weapons used by mages are conductors of electricity . wielding a weapon against someone with power over electricity is a very bad idea . newline newline my thoughts immediately turn to the staff at my side . why did they give this to me at the beginning anyway ? i think the proprietors of this school have a sadistic streak . i quickly cast it aside and gather energy into my right arm . this would be so much easier with a weapon to focus on , but i ll have to make due . i really wish i had an arcanum right now , since it s the only weapon useful against a lightning user , being a book and all , but i m not eligible for one until i pass the sorcery boards and obtain my conjurer license . newline newline the black robed mage is floating above the floor of the arena , coming towards me at a frightening pace . he s close enough that i can see the menacing grin and his blindly white teeth underneath the hood that masks the rest of his features . he ll be on me before i take another breath . it does nt appear that he s an expert on long distance lightning magic , since he could have already attempted to fry me from the distance he started at . newline newline rule 3  in the event of a close range lightning user , do not , under any circumstance , allow them to touch you . may result in arrhythmia , sever burns , and death . newline newline this is it . before i m able to take another breath , he s on me . he strikes with one outstretched hand , the other still trailing behind him . i raise my right arm in front of me as if i were deflecting with an actual shield . his hand strikes the bubble of my absorb spell , which causes all of the electricity he was carrying in that hand to be dissipated . he stops dead in his tracks , one hand still crackling , and he grins that cheshire grin again .  not bad . not bad , but not enough .  newline newline  you sure about that ?  i grin back at him . newline newline his face converts to anger as he begins to strike out again after my absorption spell evaporated . i had been gathering energy in my left hand , and through my shoulders the moment his blow struck . i m practically giddy since i know i ve already won . newline newline rule 4  lightning users tend to be very egotistical . it is a difficult element to master , and many take too much pride in this . it is their downfall , use it to your advantage . newline newline i clap my wrists together and stretch my arms out with hands unfurled at the ends . i shout my rage at him as i unleash a second absorption spell that i m able to use as a dome to cover him and force him to the ground . the static in the air vanishes as the room cools . my classmates watching cheer , some pumping their fists in the air , and others leaping out of excitement . the robed figure beneath the dome at my feet vanishes , leaving nothing but scraps of cloth behind . newline newline  well done !  the same voice from before bellows across the long arena . this time it comes from one of the higher instructors at this school . the recognizable grin spreading across his face as he makes his way back across to me .i suppose i deserved it really , but why give me the choice ? how could anyone make that kind of choice ? newline newline gallipoli or the somme . two of the worst battles in history . bloodbaths of the highest degree . newline newline  welp , if i m gon na choose , i ll take gallipoli , at least it will be sunny .  i said to the executor , and he turned to punch it into the machine . newline newline the standard  any last requests or word to say  have long since gone , that bastard washington cheated and became famous ! he ruined everything for people like me ... newline newline as the machine buzzed and whirred to life , i sat inside and remained calm . nothing much to do about it but wait and receive punishment . newline newline a flash of light  a searing heat , then the roar of war erupts around me . newline newline i open my eyes , and begin to smile .when you look in the mirror after waking up , before you ve had your coffee or your breakfast , when your hair is messed up into a whole nother style , and your eyes look like they re sagging down your face ... and you do nt look as badass and energetic as you do after your shower , in that fancy new workjacket and polished boots ... i never thought my soul would look like an unrested schmuck who had nt had his morning coffee yet . newline newline mom s soul looks like the sun reflecting off of the sidewalk at noon on a sunny summer sunday . dad s looks like a man always gazing into the distance . it makes sense , those are the kind of people they are . mine ... looks tired , unrested . like it does nt want to keep doing as it has to .apotheosis rarely feels the way one would expect it to . i looked down at the aging collection of flesh and bone , expecting to feel something like triumph . after all , this was the culmination of generations and generations of investment , all beginning with the honored ancestor who wrote the holy book of z and laid the foundations of the first cryomausoleum . the work of our house , first dreamed of five centuries ago , would now begin in earnest . i felt nothing . newline newline the body i d left behind was doing the same thing all bodies did  it had been dying . every primary heir  with one notable exclusion  of our house going all the way back to the primogenitor had been interred in the cryomausoleum to await this day . our proprietary technology had finally reached the threshold where we could begin the awakening . it was my responsibility to test it  risking the honored dead would be unthinkable . newline newline the absence of feeling was a minor error , as errors go . i began the posttransfer checklist , interfacing with the supercomputer at the core of the laboratory . all systems reported as working as expected . the synthetic brain was functioning perfectly . memory tests returned a net loss of around 11  total memory , which was lower than expected . a small price to pay for perfect and immediate recall . other physical and mental tests yielded positive effects as well . there was no quantifiable reason why my emotional state would be so blank . i had to get to the bottom of it . newline newline i turned to the holy book of z , as i often did when in need of guidance . at some point the primogenitor had waxed philosophical on the notion of the  immortal soul  , an ancient notion regarded by modern man to be as antiquated as religion itself . the passage in question spoke at length of the dangers of hubris and assumption . it detailed the many ways in which mankind had been so comfortable in its knowledge that it missed something elemental , and cautioned the house against such egotism . it went so far as to urge us not to discount the metaphysical , since human knowledge was just a drop of water compared to the ocean of knowledge awaiting us in the multiverse . newline newline the primogenitor wrote with such certainty and force , much like the prophets of ancient times . since my new body could not become distracted by hunger and did not tire , i decided to start from the beginning and reread the entire book from the words of the primogenitor to the words added by each patriarch or matriarch that followed , including my own . the collective knowledge of half a millennium , the secrets and wisdom of my family . i paused longest on the words of matriarch deo , who wrote 160 years ago . newline newline  it has been more than three hundred years since we interred  here the words are redacted , as noted by patriarch tullo , her own son  , the  primogenitor  . i sometimes suspect that he knew what we were really sacrificing , what we really would have to give up on his quest to become a god . if anyone knew about  redacted by tullo  , it would have been him .   newline newline more questions , few answers . i decided i could not answer them alone . i would have to risk the honored dead , and ask one how to proceed . this would necessitate shedding their frozen bodies and transferring to a new form . would i wake m. deo , who had vague questions ? perhaps p. tullo , who removed them ? or would i go right to the source and risk the primogenitor ? newline newlinei did nt much like the claymore . two hands on one weapon , no defense but a full offense . it was nt even really historically accurate . but it s what my parents chose for me . what they left to me . newline newline i ve read their bios . they are both great warriors . both of them deadly with their chosen weapon , a great sword . i can imagine why they mated each other . all of us , the children of the war , were left to the battle nursery . the empire understood that their warriors needed relief from the pressures of war , and what might come of that . that s why the nurseries were founded . the warriors and soldiers could find solace in each other , and the children from such unions could be trained to join the ranks once they were old enough . newline newline though they could not be there for us , it became custom to leave a gift for their newborn , a weapon , generally one of their own . it was a great honor to take up the blade of your parents , and to finally meet them upon them the field with it in hand was the dream of every war child . newline newline it was also mine . but it might never be . some of us ? the weapons , the gear given to us , that we were trained with , were just not always our calling . newline newline it does nt matter though . i ll carry the short sword and shield , i ll train with it , and yes , i ll kill with it . but always will i carry the extra burden . newline newline a great sword , a claymore . useless to one such as me . newline newline the gift from parents i have never seen , a burden i can never really use . they wanted me to use it so that they ll know me . but it s not me , and it never will be . i ll fight harder for it though , so that my name will carry and those who bore me will finally come and recognize me for who i will be . newline newline strong . soldier . warrior . newline newline daughter .i looked up from my phone . his cold eyes were watching me from a distant street corner . smoke spilled from between his lips as his cigarette fell to the ground . newline newline  so ... you want to catch them all ? !  he screamed , his shrill voice bouncing off the walls . i stood dumbfounded in the centre of the road . newline newline  good , good ...  he whispered to himself as he moved out from the shadows .  got ta  got ta catch them ... got ta catch them all !  he incessantly mumbled to himself whilst wringing his hands . his eyes bore down on me . newline newline he stopped dead in the street , twenty feet from me . he stopped murmuring . quick as a flash he jumped up and ran towards me , turning his baseball cap backwards , he screamed ,  metapod ! i choose you  newline newline his warcry fell flat as two golden bullets struck his chest . his body dropped to the floor . his cap , a short distance away . newline newline  pfft ! tourists ...  i rolled my eyes and continued my epic journey home . say that again ,  bruce sat up in his bed rubbing his eyes . a pale incandescent light flooded the room making his bare skin appear to be under water . newline newline the light pulsed and spoke again ,  your wife is not meant for you . she is meant for another . the passion she has lost with you she will find rekindled in him . her desire to have children will grow and their coupling will result in a woman that will change the world .  newline newline  so you re saying she ll be happier with someone else ? well i guess it s a shame she s stuck with me .  bruce plunged back into the covers and threw them over his head to avoid the light . newline newline  she s not stuck anywhere but you are the gate that determines when the best parts of her life begin .  newline newline bruce groaned ,  she s fine where she is . i ve never heard her complain . if anyone has reason to complain it s me . i ve gone 2 months now without sex !  newline newline  exactly , more proof this coupling is not sanctioned by the almighty !  newline newline  so why exactly should she be happy ? what did she ever do in her miserable life to garner divine intervention ? when do i get my happiness ? oh tell me great spirit , if lilith is nt the one then where is my true love ?  newline newline  where indeed . do you mean spirit or body ?  newline newline  she s dead ?  newline newline  she s dead .  newline newline  so my wife get s to be with the man of her dreams and i m stuck dating the corpse bride ? so tell me , would my true love had lived if i had met her earlier in life , ya know , instead of my wife ?  newline newline  no  newline newline  what the fuck ? so my wife gets the bachelor and i get shafted by fate no matter what happens ?  newline newline  i would nt say shafted it s just that ...  newline newline  so who s the second runner up ?  bruce peeked out of the covers at the spirit . newline newline  second runner up ?  newline newline  sure , i mean if there s the perfect mate for each person out there , there s got to be second best . who s mine ?  newline newline  well it s certainly not lilith .  newline newline  thank you captain obvious . so tell me , where do i rank on a scale of 1 to max population for lilith ? if i m not the one then how far off am i from the mark ?  newline newline the spirit pulsed a bit and then spoke ,  i m not exactly the best at math . i m praying for the divine knowledge necessary now .  newline newline  cool , wake me up when you re ...  newline newline  done ! do you know how to convert numbers from scientific notation ?  newline newline  that big huh ?  newline newline  yes , it would seem so .  newline newline  so i m not the love of her life . she s not the love of mine . my true love is dead and her s is somewhere out there waiting to meet her .  newline newline  well ...  newline newline  well what ?  newline newline the spirit hummed and then pulsed ,  well ... she has already met him .  newline newline  what ? she knows this guy already ? is she cheating on me ?  newline newline  no ! she would never do that to anyone ! they re just friends .  newline newline bruce thought for a moment ,  so that s why you re here . if i do nt let lilith out of this relationship she ll never leave on her own and marry mr . right ?  newline newline the spirit was silent . newline newline  ahhh , so i ve got you over a barrel now . you need me . you do nt care about my happiness but you need me ... or maybe you need this unconceived baby for some reason .  newline newline  she s very important to the almighty s will .  newline newline  here s what i want . i want you to bring my true love back to life ,  bruce felt the excitement as he played his trump card . newline newline  resurrection is nt quite so simple . she s been dead for so long . i mean all things are possible through his will but i ca nt even begin to consider all of the roadblocks and complications that would have to be surmounted for this even to take place ,  the spirit hummed and pulsed nervously . newline newline  getting a divorce is nt that easy either . especially when you know there s nothing waiting for you in the end .  newline newline the spirit brightened a bit ,  i have an idea ! what if instead of bringing her to you we bring you to her ?  newline newline  you want me to die ? if that s the case why have nt you just killed me already ?  newline newline  it s not your time ,  the spirit whirred ,  you have free will .  newline newline  apparently i do nt . i either live alone or die to find true love . would lilith even miss me if i was gone ?  newline newline  of course ! but she will find solace in her new life . for your part , imagine spending eternity with your true love ! just imagine it !  newline newline bruce sat contemplative and silent for a moment ,  i guess it might not be that bad . i really have nt been very happy lately .  newline newline  you ve been clinically depressed . you ve even stopped praying .  newline newline  i know ,  bruce agreed ,  i just feel so lost lately .  newline newline  then let me help you find your way . let s let lilith move on and find some happiness here on earth . for you sir , heaven awaits !  newline newline  can i have a night or two to think it over ?  newline newline  i would nt have revealed myself to you like this if there was nt great urgency . it has to happen now .  newline newline  so how does this go down ? do i die in my sleep ?  bruce questioned a bit nervous . newline newline  it depends . do you have any prescription medicine in the house ?  newline newline  you ca nt just give me a heart attack or something ?  newline newline  it does nt work that way ... free will and all .  newline newline bruce bowed his head for a moment and placed it in his hands . he then looked over at his still sleeping wife . she really was beautiful . he really did love her despite all of the problems they were having . if he could find a way to make her happy he should do it . god knows he had tried everything else he could think of . why should both of them be miserable and trapped together in a failing relationship ? he looked back to the glowing light ,  ok , let s do this .  newline newline  good , i am proud of you for making the logical choice . i think i see something in your medicine cabinet in a small brown pill bottle . grab that and i ll look up the amount you should take .  newline newline bruce slowly slinked into the bathroom . the spirit turned to watch him go . behind it stood an immense dark form . an equally dark blade was held in its hand and to the throat of the spirit . newline newline  that s right , you just keep playing it cool . you know as well as i do there s no afterlife after this one . if you re a human you get heaven if you re immortal  and you die that s it . just infinite nothing . the antiknowledge ...  the demon s form rippled as if set afire . newline newline  you know the almighty is allowing this do nt you ? sure , if you re lucky you might birth your antichrist child from lilith s and jose s union . but know that even that event will be sanctioned by the almighty .  newline newline  yes yes , save me the philosophy lesson . just keep on talking him through this .  the dark form hissed . newline newline  it s a shame really . with just a bit of counseling , more prayer , and regular worship this couple could have been saved . she actually does love him . why do so many people think that divorce is the solution to the first or even thirtieth roadblock a couple encounters in a marriage ?  newline newline  because in a world full of instant gratification , anything less than perfect is broken and therefore replaceable . and that s exactly the way we like it ,  the dark spirit smiled exposing an even darker mouth and throat .the fact that i m here right now really blows . i mean , do nt get me wrong , the case has been mildly interesting so far , but i ve got so much work to do and a shit ton of tests to study for , which i d rather be doing . not to mention , these benches are so old , too . like what , is this wood from the reconstruction era or some shit ? and yeah , alright , rosa s cookies are to die for , but being a juror just is not my cup of tea apparently . newline newline i ca nt believe the judge seized my phone , too . like bro , cmon , i was just on reddit . it s not like i was watching porn or anything . although , the prosecutor s pretty hot . and i m sure she has a fantastic personality for a lawyer . or maybe not , i do nt care . newline newline wait , fuck , i should be paying attention . oh shit , are these pictures of the defendant that night ? wow , the guy really knows how to clean up for ... for ... where did he say he was ? oh right right , the work party . that must be his only suit in those pictures then , he s wearing the same one right now and it s definitely way too nice to wear for a trial . but hey , i m no expert on proper defendant attire so fuck it , what do i know ? newline newline  as you can tell , your honor , the address of the party is not more than a 10 minute drive from the scene of the crime . the defendant could have just as easily slipped away from the party unnoticed , got into his truck , drove to the victim s house and killed him . he would have been back just in time for the crab cake s .  newline newline hahah , did she really just laugh at her own joke in a court room ? people have no shame these days , do they ? newline newline wait , jesus christ , i got ta pay attention . alright , here we go . so he was at the work party , rubbin  heads with the big wigs or whatever . he ... what..went to the bathroom or some shit and people did nt see him for a while ? is that seriously his excuse here ? the bathroom ? wow , he totally did it . he looks so damn anxious , too . is that his wife behind him ? oh shit , poor girl , i do nt think that box of tissues came with enough . and he s got fucking kids , too ? ! i seriously hope this dude is innocent . newline newline i wonder how many kids i ll end up having . i feel like three is a solid number . not too much but not too little . two is kind of an awkward number i feel like . newline newline aright seriously though , all of this is just dickin  around while we wait for the reanimation machine . what a coincidence , it s all set ! maybe i m psychic ... newline newline i ve never seen one this close before . honestly , it looks smaller than it does in pictures . it s relatively portable , kinda . i ca nt believe they developed the technology to reanimate corpses . well not all corpses . i still ca nt even fathom why anybody thought it was a good idea to reanimate that poor woman who got hit by that semi on the pike . fuckin  idiots . newline newline decent cover up job on the morticians part , though . the bullet hole in the vic s head is nt even that noticeable . oh alright , here we go , his body s moving . newline newline  uhh , where exactly am i ?  newline newline  dennis , i m sorry to tell you this , but you re in a court room . you ve been reanimated upon request from the prosecution . you ... youre.. you ve been killed , son .  newline newline  wait ... what ? ! are you ser ... wait , it s coming back to me . okay , i think i remember everything now . so , what , are you guys going to ask me about that night ?  newline newline my . fucking . lord . this guy sounds hideous ! death really has not been kind to this man . let s be real though , did i really expect anything different ? looks like death screwed his vision up , too . he s just been staring at the defendant the entire time he s been alive so far . oh alright , got ta pay attention , prosecution is talking . newline newline  dennis , where were you the night of your murder ?  newline newline  i was in my home , miss . i had just gone out and grabbed some mcdonald s and i was happily enjoying it when i heard a knock on the door . i could barely hear it over the tele though . you see , i ca nt really hear too well and i hate missing a thing when it comes to my duck dynasty nights so i usually crank the volume up a bunch ! my wife hate s it when i watch duck dynasty , she was nt there , though . she was out somewhere else . her pompous boss invited her some place fancy or something , she looked dressed up when she left . she never dresses up when we go out . good for nothing woman . she never cooked for me , either . she was a bad cook anyways . good for nothing , whore . i guess that s one good thing that come from this mess ! ahaha !  newline newline wow ... . now i know why somebody murdered this dude ... newline newline  and dennis , do you remember anything else about that night ?  newline newline  oh i sure do ! yeah , it was like 56 degrees or something , and the stars were real clear and stuff . the moon was big , too !  newline newline  no no , dennis . i meant do you remember anything about your being attacked ?  newline newline  oh ! yeah i heard the knock on the door . i got up and went over to check who it was . i figured it was margaret getting home early from whatever the hell that thing was . i walked over and when i opened the door i was so surprised . well , at first i was . then i ... i do nt know . i ca nt describe it . i could nt move . or talk . i just stood there , looking at that fucking monster ! that no good , son of a bitch paul ! yeah , that s right paul . i fucking saw you .  newline newline holy shit this just got real fuckin  interesting . god damn , man . i knew he was guilty ! but , paul , why ? you ve got so much to live for ! the family , man . why did nt you think of the family ? ! newline newline this courtroom is a madhouse . and the judge screaming  order !  and smashing that gavel does not help . not to mention poor paul over there . him and his family are sobbing so loud i can hear them from here . wait ... what the fuck ? no fuckin  way . did that dennis motherfucker just wink and smile at paul ? newline newline no no no , is this seriously happening ? tell me i m not the only one who thinks dennis is lying ? seriously ? is everybody else really just that oblivious ? newline newline  rosa , call me crazy , but i think dennis is lying  newline newline  no way ! paul did it , his alibi does nt even hold up !  newline newline shit man , i got ta stop this . fuck . alright , this is gon na suck . fuck it , here we go . newline newline  your honor ! this man is innocent !  newline newline wow , so much sweat right now . newline newline  son you need to sit down and remain quiet or i will hold you in contempt !  newline newline  but sir ! the victim is clearly lying ! i do nt know why , and i ca nt tell you how i know . i just.. i just know !  newline newline  your honor , who the heck is this kid ? ! i did nt get reanimated just to listen somebody call me a liar !  newline newline  well , dennis , what was paul wearing ! huh ? !  newline newline  he.. well , he was wearing the fake rolex he always wears ! yeah , i ve seen him wear it whenever he came to pick margaret up for their dinners with all of their stupid clients !  newline newline  ... that s it ? just the watch ? what else , dennis ! come on , we re just dying to find out what he was wearing .  newline newline  well , he wore his usual ... he looked like , fancy . he wore the , uh , yeah his sweater ! or no ... the dress shirt ! yeah , with the bow tie !  newline annnnnnd the courtroom is now in a complete uproar . camera s clackin  , paul and his family laughin  . man , it feels good to fuck over assholes like dennis . newline newline although let s be real here , ten bucks says paul was bangin  old maggie on the side and dennis found out . i mean , cmon , who goes to the bathroom for half an hour ? ! hello mark .  the being that spoke was tall and lean yet seemed powerful . it glowed and had large wings expanding from its back . newline newline  what the hell ? were am i ? why is it so fucking bright ? .  newline newline  please calm down we ve had a slight error in the program , give us a minute and we ll have it fixed .  newline newline  what are you talking about .  newline newline  the long interactive fiction experiment .  newline newline  yeah thats not helping .  newline newline  sorry allow me to explain . your parents signes you away at conception to be part of an experiment . the long interactive fiction experiment , life for short .  newline newline  what the fuck are you talking about !  this all made so little sense .  a few minutes ago i was making coffee and now i m in a room with some freak and a million light bulbs .  newline newline  my apologies allow me to turn down tue brightness .  she waved her hand and the light dimed until i vould make aout the room we were in . it was lined with complex electronics and large tubes . i was seated in a very plush chair and covered in a thin layer of slime .  ok allow me to start over . im becky .  she extended a hand to me . i took it instinctively . newline newline  mark .  newline newline  ok , well mark , your life , all of it starting at the age of one , has been fake .  i opened my moutg to speak , but she rasied her hand and stopped me .  let me finish , at conception your parents signed you away to be part of the life program . life stands for long interactive fiction experiment . it was an attempt to simulate an entire world using computers . we ve had great success and only have a few bugs left to work out .  she smiled at me . newline newline i sat is tunned silence for a few seconds before finally speaking .  so my parents gave me up before even seeing me ? my god how much did you pay them ?  newline newline her smile only wavered for a second .  sir you misunderstand they payed us . they wanted a better life for you .  newline newline  so they stuck me in a simulation and for got about me .  newline newline  no sir , they use to vist very often . they would make sure you were ok and that we were giving you the best care . they loved you very much .  newline newline  used to ?  newline newline finally her look turned somber .  sadly they died several years ago . twenty years ago to be exact .  newline newline  they died when i was ten ?  newline newline  yes sir i m very sorry .  newline newline  how did they die ?  newline newline  radation poisoning .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  sir the world is dying . nuclear war wiped out most life on the planet and what little remains lives underground , hiding until the surface is safe .  newline newline  oh ...  newline newline  your parents did nt want that for you , so they spwnt a large sum to put you in here they loved you very much . sadly one day they were on there way home and the got lost and ended up to close to rhe surface . they made it back down , but by then it was to late .  newline newline  oh ...  newline newline  the error has been fixed sir , please enter your tube and you can pickup were you left off .  newline newline  ok.. : i got up from the chair , but turned around .  can i make a special request ?  newline newline  yes sir ?  newline newline  can i get a son ?  newline newline  absolutely sir .  newline newline  ok.  newline               newline newline thanks for reading . newline newline read more at rpathadomusa few weeks ago when i first realized that i was completely alone here and thought i was gon na start going crazy ... i think i might have died then ... or maybe this is just a really bad dream that i ca nt seem to wake up from . whatever it is , it s beyond the worst and most terrifying i could have imagined ... newline newline at first when i realized i was alone here , i was kinda happy . a few days were spent running around enjoying everything i wanted to at a whim . there was gunfire and liquor and very quickly ... i began to get serious about how lonely i was here . newline newline the buildings were all abandoned . all of them the same . clothes all over the place , and the occasional mysterious pile of hair or weird chunks of metal . there were nt any animals either . it was dead quiet . i thought i was dead ... maybe i am . newline newline a week ago i got so lonesome that i tried to end it . i actually did end it . i had a shotgun and shot my head off . newline newline i was quite certain my aim was spot on , but when i woke up the next day , bleeding profusely out of my head with the worst headache imaginable ... i was nt so certain i was alive anymore ... newline newline next to me was a shotgun sitting in a pool of blood . flesh was scattered everywhere around it ... i spent the next few hours traumatized before i tried picking up the shotgun again and aiming it underneath my chin , firmly grasping it so the blowback wo nt change anything ... i pulled the trigger once more ... newline newline again i woke up in a hot , painful , wet panic ... i thought it was sweat i was drenched with at first . my hands showed me it was blood rather quickly ... newline newline the pain was intense ... but i sat and experienced it in it s entirety . eventually the pain subsided . i was so , so hungry . so weak ... a nearby puddle of water taunted me with it s cool moist promise of life ... a promise that was denied as i grew closer ... it was actually a very , hot , bright , mirror ... newline newline even trying to look into the mirror caused the most intense of pains ... and so i wandered about the endless landscapes and endured the loneliness once more . newline newline it was nt all so bad . with no one to judge and everything available , i found drugs in various houses and enjoyed videogames and fine foods everywhere i went . it was the loneliness that got to me the most . newline newline eventually i d fashioned dolls to keep me company with familiar faces . i went out of my way to study technology and eventually created very realistic looking machines ... but they always acted withing predicted parameters ... even in an ocean of familiar faces it was lonely . newline newline in due time , i d learned to restore the entire world ... at least ... that s how it looked . nobody was missing . newline newline as i worked , i found the urge to return to the mirror and try looking in it once more ... but my skin ached just thinking about the place where i d once tried to blow my own head off , twice ... newline newline a sea of familiar faces ... every piece in it s place ... absolutely no insurrection ... no challenge ... no opponent . newline newline i ve got an idea to maybe make this hell bearable again . a machine idea that could make me forget who i really am ... after i m done using it i would think i myself am one of my machines ... and then at least i wo nt think i m alone ... newline newline even if i eventually remember who i am , i can just forget again and have the system improve its methods each time . newline newline i wo nt have to be the only one anymore . i will be one of us . we will all be one . one of us .day 134 : those who spent more than a week in the opposite s company immediately before quarantine are dying like flies . the longterms and marrieds had their own section of quarantine , but it was only a matter of time before death took hold of them . the overseers were expecting it sooner , but i do nt think that matters now . newline newline it all happened so quickly . first it was the news reports , people had red eyes and severe chest pain . then there was the health warnings , to stay away from the workplace for fear of a contagion that had morphed into symptoms like swelling and bleeding from the ears and nose . suddenly , people in hazmat suits were patrolling streets , entering homes and pulling people away from the opposites . we became numbers ,  us versus them  and in quarantine , mere mention of opposites had you landed in isolation . it did nt take long to change the language syntax . men became  opposites  in a matter of weeks , relationship status began to define survival . newline newline 134 days ago , i was bemoaning my solitude . now , i am watching women die from the touch of their lovers . i m not feeling horrible , i think my symptoms are mental rather than physical . i simply hope that the rapid mutation of this disease is nt enough to spark something from my last male contact . i would hope after three years , the contagion that has been affectionately named  cooties  would be unable to spark something in me . where d you get this ?  i ask looking at the unidentifiable mass of mudcovered animal that was writing at my feet . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline snuffles stares back up at me innocently . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline i sigh . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline snuffles was a jet black cat that was a rescue from a shelter after her mother and the rest of the litter died in a house fire . i visit shelters from time to time , but never to actually get one , or so i thought . i loved animals but i could nt keep one , because i lived alone in a tiny apartment and was gone most of the day . there was nobody to look after them if i brought one home . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline when i chanced upon snuffles , she was barely the size of my palm . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  sister , take her .  the owner had tried to thrust the cat into my arms .  her family , dead . big fire . no open windows . she dug out .  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline it was hard to believe this sleepy little kitten who barely had claws managed to dig out of a burning house . it s not like she was a mole who had buried her way through the ground . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  i really cant..  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  she s house cat . no survive here . if i leave her in street , she ll die .  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline stop trying to guilt trip me . it s not my responsibility , i wanted to say through clenched teeth , but he had a point . i could nt exactly leave the cat , and oh look , it was sniffling against my hand . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline i d got her home , and taken the first few days off work , to adjust her to her new home . after that , i actually got paid help to look after her while i was at work . i guess there is always a solution , for the right finances . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline surprisingly , snuffles was a very lively cat who loved playing , darting around rooms at top speed , and disappearing for hours every few mornings . but every so often when i picked her up , she d sniffle at my hand . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline that s how i came around to calling her snuffles . my boyfriend laughed when i told him that , and said mean things along the lines of how cliched that name is , and i should know better than find meanings just to give it the name . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline snuffles had the habit of occasionally getting me birds and dead rats as presents , dropping it in front of my front door . most of them were halfalive and i had to nurse them back to health , while snuffles watched curiously as to why i was nt playing with the toy she d got me . no matter how much i rebuked her , this habit never stopped . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline through the years , i d learnt to live with it . snuffles was perfectly angelic in every other way , and i could nt ask for a more perfect cat . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline about a week ago , we d moved to our new house , a proper house , not longer an apartment . it was almost at the edge of town , just a few houses separating us from the woods around it , and my backyard opened into a large hollow meadow behind , where surprisingly , there was a lack of trees . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline soon after we moved here , snuffles took to digging random spots in our garden , and running around after invisible objects . she was so persistent in this new game , i had to convince my boyfriend to get her back every night because i did nt want her to be snatched or attacked by some wild animal that came strolling through . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline and now she d brought me this . she looked so accomplished , like she d finally figured out and caught what was in the garden . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline i started softly dusting the mud out of the object when it flew up . newline i took a step back , half afraid it was either a bird or a large insect , but i could nt believe my eyes when it was actually , what appeared to be  from my limited knowledge of fairytales and folklore ,  a pixie . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  wha  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline the pixie dusted itself off , flew down , appeared to be scolding my cat who seemed unaffected , and then flew right back out through the open door . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline i ran after it outside after gathering my composure believing this was really happening , and in the rays of the early morning light , i saw the shimmering trail it left , and the light yellow glow it had about it , and it followed a path into the ground that lit up . and as i stood watching , stretched into a maze of curved and jagged paths behind my house , stretching across the whole meadow . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline my house was built on the soil that has intricate tunnels beneath its hidden layers , and hidden to dull human eyes , is home to thousands of pixies , and my cat has merely brought me one of the few hundreds of thousands . newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newlinei can still remember earth . i can still remember being alive . but more vividly than that i can remember when i died . well , when my life was taken from me . newline newline getting murdered has a way of sticking in your mind . i  m not sure about all the ins and outs , but i can confirm that in heaven you do retain your memory . newline newline i can remember the man  s face vividly . it  s one of the last things i remember . but ultimately it  s the pain that i remember last . the dark , overwhelming , final pain . after his face was seared into my memory i closed my eyes and knew that this would be the end . newline newline of course you assume that getting stabbed a few times would be painful , but the experience has to be experience to fully appreciate the immense pain . death was quite welcome after a few minutes of that pain . newline newline the rest happened very quickly . it was dark , and then suddenly i was aware again of my surroundings . there was a short briefing with some general information about heaven given by a very amiable welcoming party . but most of the information seems to have been downloaded directly into my mind . i felt entirely comfortable in my new home . newline newline we are free to wander around . i love wandering around . it  s so beautiful . it  s perfectly tailored to my preferences , it  s sheer happiness in a way i can  t even fully articulate . i believe we  re either brainwashed to all prefer the same thing , or more likely , our experience of heaven has been personally tailored to our preferences . regardless of how it  s accomplished , it  s very pleasant . newline newline i have to admit there was some uncertainty while i was still alive . i wasn  t sure that i would make it to heaven . the rules seemed a bit vague and i wasn  t perfect . but i had firmly subscribed to  pascal s wager  and that seems to have paid off . newline newline it  s strange being able to walk for as long as you want and not get tired . i don  t get hungry or thirsty , though i full enjoy anything i consume . the daylight exists until i want to go to sleep and then the sun sets and the night exists until i feel like waking up . newline newline today i  m going to explore a new area of heaven , i haven  t made it this far yet , but i feel like a good walk today . newline newline i greeted the people i passed on my way , initially it was all people who i had seen around , but as i got further away from where i spend most of my time , the faces became less familiar . newline newline i started greeting more and more strangers . people are so friendly in heaven ! newline newline but then i saw someone that i recognized , it wasn  t a face i had seen in heaven before , it was a memory from earth . newline newline in the second it took me to locate that memory in my mind i doubled over . i hadn  t felt pain since being here in heaven , but suddenly the stab wounds hurt again . i looked up from where i was bent over and saw it clearly . it was him . it was the guy that had killed me . newline newline  what the hell are you doing here ?  i muttered , looking up at him . newline newline he looked down at me and smiled . newline newline  a lot of time has passed since i killed you . i did some reading and made some changes while i was in prison . newline newline it turns out it  s never too late to turn your life around . newline newline have you ever heard of pascal s wager ? the dark blue of the early night sky mixes in with the fading sunlight cascades the world in gold . the speakers play a song that so few people know that it has to be ours . i look to the passenger seat . the traces of a smile warm up her face , lighting up her pale cheeks with splashes of red . in this moment , the stresses of the world are gone . nothing matters but her , me , and the sunset . newline i think back to all the work i had to do to get us to this moment . all the nights of wishing that it could be me making her smile . all the times my heart dropped into my stomach at the thought of just how unobtainable she was . everyone told me we d be perfect for each other , but it did nt matter , i could never be yours , because you were his . newline but in this moment . none of that matters , as i look at her . i see her , not our past , not our future , but our now . it s perfect .uh , hey man . i m , uh , greg .  newline newline he sat down next to the stranger at the last table in the corner of hell s lunchroom . newline newline so , uh , look , i m new here ... i do nt get that we eat lunch ... is nt this meant to be damnation forever ?  greg asked . newline newline the stranger looked at his orange juice thoughtfully , then decided not to say anything . newline newline so , do you have a name ? you been  newline you could nt pronounce my name even if you wanted to buddy . and to answer the second part , i ve been here awhile .  the stranger took aim at his peas . newline newline greg played with the food on his tray too . mashing the peas into the other vegetables , doing anything to try and wade out this awkwardness . newline newline just call me , ben .  he finally said . newline newline so , uh , ben . what did you do ? i mean you do nt seem bad , and i guess people mellow out  newline newline at that point a big uproar erupted from satan s table . he was at the centre of a attention telling a story . his cronies were howling with laughter . he was on the table pretending to surf and smoke a bong at the same time . the angel of death was trying his best to keep his lunch in his mouth . newline newline an  you know what i said to the old man ? fuck you dog s nuts ! i do nt care if it was meant to be an ornamental plant , i m smoking it !  newline newline everyone erupted with laughter again , as satan proceeded to hang ten . newline newline fuckin  lucy ! he s such a pimple on your dick . you know he invented the whole high school hierarchy bs ? it s true . he modelled it off of how he run s this ship here . he s an arse !  ben took a stab at his mashed steak . he s just ungrateful yknow ? anyways ... newline i been here too long greg . what re you , like a couple days ? you still look fresh . satan has nt got to work on you yet , i d take it ?  newline newline what ? satan ll work on me ? !  greg asked . but , i was nt that bad ! i do nt think ? i was nt a believer really , i thought i d get limbo . but  newline newline see , it s the really that gets you there . you were nt a believer really . which in god s eyes means you were . and seeing as you were nt just caught in the wrong place wrong time yada yada spend your time in limbo etcetera , you have to come to hell . satan , ange , all the minions , they all do shift work . it s a shit bit , but hey , sunday is normally a pretty good roast .  ben finished . newline newline but , are nt we meant to have done bad things ? like you , if you ve been here for so long , does nt that mean you ve done something bad ?  greg asked . newline newline you do nt do the crime then do the time , buttwipe ! it s eternity . eternity . did nt you read the book at least ? it does nt matter what you do , you did it . you went against god . no second chance . if you do nt want to risk it , sit in your shitty room and pray all day . if you want the least bit of a tickle you got ta get out of the room . and soon as you re outside , pretty much everything you do , in context , can become a sin . that was my first wedge . so no , you do nt have to do anything bad to get hell . but you do nt have to do anything either . you had doubt . so that got you here . where as the poor suds in limbo just get magazines . no sunday roast , tuesday loaf , thursday pancakes , or fry up friesday . it s literally the same issue of moses quarterly  newline newline ben wiped his mouth with his napkin and threw it on the meal . newline newline i m sorry  greg began . newline newline no you re not . no one is . sorry gets you nowhere here . that is a dirty word . you can apologise all you want , but ole swamp balls wo nt change his mind !  ben said . newline newline i m sorry , who ?  greg asked . newline newline you wan na know why i m here , kid ? i was god s partner . i helped him make this . all of it .  greg shoved his meal back . you think he could do it all in seven days ? sorry ,  six with one to rest  . hell no he could . he was like a shitty architect that then contracted the work out to me . i did all the heavy lifting . i played the evolutionist , picking where to put you critters , and what to grow . i make one joke . one joke ! on sunday swampy sunday , and i m banished forever down here . i built this little dungeon for god , walked right into the trap .  last minute inspection  he says , then shuts the door . i waited forever down here in the dark ! then after awhile , lucy shows up . thought i was the janitor or something . but he knew ! he knew that if i was here , i predated him . so he kept his distance . let the lion roam his own cage . do nt feed , do nt jib , do nt screw around with . stay away !  newline ben got up from his seat and began to walk away . newline newline but what do i do ? i mean can i tag on with you ?  greg asked struggling to keep up . newline ben had been smaller at the table , but now he appeared to be in a larger form . his true form ? greg did nt know , but he wanted to find out . newline satan and his cronies fell silent as they walked past . they began to whisper . newline newline hey , uh , uh , ben ?  satan asked . the uh , fields of eternal ripping are closed today . for maintenance . so um , you know , you ca nt go there  newline newline can do what i want when i want , sacktan . i built this place , you just run it .  ben said . newline newline greg was struggling to keep up with ben as they left the hall , he seemed to grow bigger with each step . newline you can do what ever you want , outside the hours of 85 . you ll get ripped into , then lunch , then reripped . after that , you can do what ever . you ll find a place though . most start out camping , but you ll learn to roomie up with some of the minions on low wage . there s an apartment complex in the north . newline they passed admin and emerged out of the building . a sign post directed the waves of souls around the domain . newline ben was looking over the crowd of heads and searching into the distance . newline newline hey did you get a token when you arrived ? a call token ? they were giving them out for a while awaysback . you had one call back to the living world to who ever you wanted . anytime , anyplace , kinda dealy ? you get one ?  ben asked earnestly . newline newline you mean this ?  greg said producing a clear talisman from his pocket . newline newline nah , that s just your holiday token . everyone gets an allocated four weeks off each century . when that bad boy turns purple , you ll be allowed to have some time off . it s cool .  ben kicked at the dirt . newline newline who d you wan na call ? did you have friend s other than god ?  greg asked . newline newline do nt worry man , i ve already used mine this year . see , gboss still gives me some respite , even though we re not talking , he let s me call someone each year . a little chinwag  newline newline who do you call ?  greg asked . newline newline well , it s easy ai nt it ? my nephew . cheeses crisp .  newline ben laughed at his own joke and walked off towards the fields of eternal ripping . newline newline you coming or what ?  he yelled back . we got some farts to rip ! a shadowed vigilante haunts my every waking breath , newline a mask conceals his purpose and his face . newline the promise made that if it takes until he comes to death , newline he ll put this evil villain in his place . newline newline how i wish i knew who d made this laughable decree , newline to label me as nothing more than slime . newline who made the choice that i d never be able to live free , newline that all i d ever live to do is time . newline newline i only sought to lend a hand to those who d fallen hard , newline while he seeks only more to line his vault . newline it seems that in the deck of life i ve drawn the losing card , newline but now i wonder if it s not his fault . newline newline i might have robbed a bank or two , but never did them harm , newline the weapons that i pulled were just for show . newline unlike my foe who titled himself as the law s own arm , newline heroics just to make his wallet grow . newline newline while i have sown seeds of my work amongst those most in need , newline i keep only enough so i ll survive . newline my crime , born out of charity , his actions born of greed , newline this prince john left the only one to thrive . newline newline maybe someday the truth from our intentions will unwind , newline and my life then will turn to peace from strife . newline i hope someday the rest of them will wake up , just to find , newline who truly lives the supervillain s life . newline newlinespectre spoilers ahead newline newline newline 008 . always in the background . always after bond 007 . always . when he leaves a mess i m left to clean it up . remember the mess in mexico city ? where he collapsed half a city block and then terrorized a huge courtyard full of people by kicking a well respected man out of a heli on a whim . i was sent to placate the locals and their government . you can  t even imagine the hell i had to wade through just to get them to not make a fuss to the un . back in the day it would ve been easy ! not so today , it took me two months of negotiation . yeah , he gets to sleep with beautiful women and i get to talk to greasy old politicians for 10 hours a day . tell me how that  s fair . he gets to race a jag all over rome , and i get to fish it out of the bottom of the tiber . he get to travel to the frozen north and i get to clean up the brains of a crazy old man . that one wasn  t terrible , but the real kicker is that he  s on the top of a mountain seducing this dead man  s estranged daughter , while i m freezing my arse off watching through film trying to figure out what happened in that shack . on the plus side , i  m not getting the piss kicked out of me by mr. hinx on a train spending through the desert or getting my brain drilled into by my sociopathic adoptive brother . so i  ve got that going for me , which is nice . the things i do for her majesty . i  d better get a promotion from this m. especially since i  m covering up the death of a private global intelligence contractor by your hand . i saw the tapes , i  m the one who bloody covered it up ! now this isn  t blackmail , but if 007 gets to make demands , i do too . i want some field time , some real missions , not cleaning up after bond .high above the land , overlooking the city of palanquin , slept the forgotten citadel . four guardian statues carved of the earth held the citadel aloft . the only way to the citadel was through ancient paths in the statues . no one has made the journey successfully as far as anyone can remember . newline newline inside the statue norrend , the eastern path , was darkness , as black and thick as ink . callum lit his torch so he could gather his gear . after he checked his backpack , he started the second day of his climb up the winding , carved steps that spiraled up the statue . newline newline callum s legs still burned from the first day . he occasionally tried to massage the ache out . the weeklong journey had barely begun . newline newline he closed his eyes and thought of his family , friends , and the woman he loved . this was for them  he had to press on . he had to succeed . newline newline as he climbed , he recounted the stories , as he had done the previous day , of what secrets the forgotten citadel could  no , would  hold . the source of the scourge . the secret to reversing the sickness . the cure . newline newline high above , a dim light pierced the darkness , a sliver of stone appearing to span across one side to the other . as he got closer , the wind whistled softly and the air tasted fresher . newline newline at the pinnacle , a thin , stone bridge , about two feet wide callum guessed , connected to an egress that led outside , revealing a dull , sapphire sky . a day and a half of walking in total darkness leaves much to be desired . the bridge , which was missing large chunks on either side , was the only way forward . newline newline callum s heart pounded in his chest , his breathing quickened , and sweat rolled down his face .  eyes straight ahead . do nt look down .  he stepped forward , carefully , one foot in front of the other . newline newline he slipped on loose rubble and fell . newline newline he landed hard on his back , hitting the corner of the bridge . the impact knocked his breath out . he began to slip off . he released his torch to push against the side of the bridge with both hands . the torch tumbled down into the dark , dwindling into a speck before disappearing . newline newline a cracking sound made his stomach knot  he felt the bridge shudder and begin to break . he knew that he had to move if he didn  t want to die , but terror had gripped him . another crack . newline newline callum let instinct take over . he crawled as quickly as he could on his hands and knees . a portion of the bridge fractured and fell away near the stairs . the bridge shuddered violently . another section fell away . in one deft motion , callum leapt to his feet and ran , the stone collapsing behind him , just underfoot , as he stayed one step ahead of the darkness that threatened to swallow him . he was almost to the other side . newline newline the bridge fell away under his back foot , tripping him . he closed his eyes and yelled as he fell . newline newline callum hit something cold and hard . when he opened his eyes , he was looking at the sky again . behind him , the majority of the bridge had collapsed . he sprawled out on the floor and took a minute to regain his composure . newline newline he sifted through his backpack , hoping to find something that could later provide light . only a halfburned candle remained . he knew it would not last the rest of the journey , yet it was all he had  he would have to improvise . there was no turning back . newline newline callum stepped outside . above , he could see the statue s backside and the other leg to his right . to his left , steps jutted out from the side of the statue . whereas the steps inside had been connected , the steps outside were short , individual blocks . empty space was visible between each step . there were no railings or grips . if he fell newline newline luckily , the wind was merely a light breeze and the sun shined bright . newline newline  do nt look down , do nt look down , do nt look  newline newline callum peered out over the edge . the city below was tiny , as if he could pluck the entire city with one hand . it was a long drop . his stomach plummeted for him . he fell back and hugged the wall . once his breathing steadied , he steeled himself and inched out onto the open stairs . newline newline as callum ascended , he pressed his body against the wall . to distract himself , he thought about what the citadel would be like when he reached the top . it would be exquisite , he knew , the wall and ceiling made of shiny marble , the floors cut from gem or precious stone . curtains of fine silk draped the windows and swayed gently in the breeze . and it must have a stained glass mosaic depicting some important event . newline newline a shrill screech from below broke his reverie . he saw small shapes moving swiftly up the side of the statue . newline newline scourgeborn . newline newline he grabbed his dagger , the only weapon he had . he said a prayer to the gods . he reminded himself he had to make it to the top and prepared to fight .hi ! newline newline know your characters ! they will guide you through the story . i know that sounds odd , but it s true . once you know your characters , you know how they will react to any given situation . newline newline get your ideas into text . the simplest tool would be to put them into a spreadsheet . from there you can switch the order or content as you like . just make a new line for each major scene in the story . newline newline once you have everything in the proper order , start banging the keys ! what you will end up with is a rough first draft . it may suck . do nt worry about that yet . just get the words down . newline newline now comes the fun part . start editing , revising and rewriting . fine tune your story into it s final form . newline newline i hope this helps . there are various writing software packages out there , but i have never used one so i do nt feel qualified to comment on them . others may have some suggestions on that subject .that beatup old hat looks nice , even though it s definitely showing its age . i bet there s a story behind it . in the past , it must have been worn with pride , as an article of clothing to accentuate , not conceal . judging by the way he s wearing it now , he s probably using it to hide a bald spot or something . newline newline his shoes are pretty dirty , yet they look wellmaintained . he s got a bit of a gut , but his overall body shape still looks amazing for his age . maybe he s exmilitary , or formerly serious about staying healthy . i wonder why he looks the way he does now ? newline newline gritty , patched jeans , an extremely wrinkled shirt , and a grungy vest jacket . wait , is he homeless ? no , i saw him come on with one of those bus passes . actually , do homeless guys even ride buses ? would the drivers let them on ? nah , i do nt think he s homeless . newline newline come to think of it , it s around noon , and he s snoozing away with his mouth wide open , on a bus , as if he does nt care if he missed his stop . he looks old , but not that old . definitely not old enough to be one of those senior citizens that nod off whenever , everything else be damned . i guess he could just be in for a long ride . why did nt he drive though ? newline newline hmm , sleeping midday on a bus , long route ... maybe he s got a dui or two under his belt . he kinda looks like one of those drunks that spends all his money on booze and does nothing all day . newline newline you know what , i bet that s it . he s just drunk and ca nt drive , so he got on the bus , and he s going to sleep it off until he s sober enough . then he ll get off from the stop he got on in the first place so he can drive home . newline newline at least he has the common courtesy to lean on the window instead of sprawling himself over the seats and taking up extra space . not that i think anyone would sit next to him anyway , but they could if they wanted to , i guess . good on you , old timer . newline newline oh , he s awake now . haha , he s rubbing his eyes and looking around like he has no clue in hell where he is right now . that s ok , maybedrunkoldguy , i know that feels too when i wake up after a night of drinking . newline newline hm , what s he looking at ? ugh , seriously ? he s creeping on the woman that just got on ? she has a kid , man ! take it from me , chief , the ladies know when we re staring . i do nt know how they know , but they know . you d better stop now while you re still ahead , especially since you re making googlyeyes at a married woman . newline newline  grandpa !  newline newline huh ? did that little girl just call him  grandpa  ? are they ... ? ok , that woman and her daughter are walking toward him now . fair enough , i guess he was nt staring all creepylike . oops . newline newline  hi , dad . cmon , sweetie , say hi  to grandpa .  newline newline  hi , grandpa !  newline newline  hey , sweetheart . happy birthday !  newline newline  thank you !  newline newline  you look exhausted , dad . is that why you took the bus ?  newline newline  nah , your mother needed the car today , and of course i m tired because i was working all night last night on ... you know .  newline newline  ohh , right . well , it s only a few stops now , so try to stay awake , ok ?  newline newline  i ca nt promise anything , but i ll try .  newline newline all righty , then . instead of being a fat , old drunkard like i thought , he s actually a kindly , old grandparent that sacrificed his sleep for his granddaughter s birthday present , and his own convenience for his wife . what a nice guy . shows how much i know . maybe i should stop assuming things about other people just based on their appearance . newline newline anyway , guess that s that . let s see ... what about that lady over there ? newline newline no . no way . no way those are real . definitely fake . newline okay listen up class , today , we will begin reading the six cannibals  . this is a story of overcoming immense obstacles with extreme consequence and in the end of each chapter we will go over the consequences made and discuss whether or not it was worth it to commit these unethical crimes to survive .  said mr.brock , my teacher . newline newline i exhaled loudly and accepted a book as it was passed down the row of tables . i hated reading , never understood words too well , but i guess i had to suck it up  this is grade 12 english . newline newline  ahem , i will read the first chapter to all of you before class is dismissed and then it will be your duty to finish this book by the end of two weeks .  newline newline a unified groan . newline newline  oh come on , it s a novella , it wo nt be too difficult .  responded the teacher glaring across the classroom . the teacher opened the book and the class went quiet . newline newline  alright , the six cannibals  , written by herbert monroe   newline newline my ears perked up . that name , it was familiar . newline newline  what was the name , mr.brock ?  newline newline he peered up at me .  herbert monroe , make sure you listen carefully jackson .  newline newline  yeah , yeah  uh , i will mr.brock , just did nt think i heard that right . . .  newline newline a few classmates laughed at my curiosity . newline newline  actually jackson , you ve reminded me . interesting fact about this book s author   he cleared his throat again ,  a few hours after it s publishing in 1997 , herbert monroe suffered an epileptic seizure in his study that cost him his life . what was interesting about this was that his maid was in the other room , but had nt done anything to aid the poor man . to this day , we are still trying to figure out whether or not this maid had anything to do with mr.monroe s death or if it was just a coincidence .  mr.brock said , in a suspenseful tone , peering over top the book and at the class . newline newline my stomach turned knots and i started sweating . monroe , monroe , monroe , monroe . . . that bastard maid ! newline newline  mr.brock , could i please use the washroom ?  i said , feeling suddenly very nauseous . newline newline  well jackson , i m afraid you ll miss the beginning of our story if you do decide to go , but if it s urgent then go fast and ill  newline newline i spewed bile out onto the floor and threw up onto the person s back who was sitting in front of me . i clamped my hand over my mouth . newline newline  oh my god ! jackson threw up , ew , ew , ew !  said one of the girls who sat behind me . newline newline i turned around and yelled at her .  will you shut up you little delinquent , you never were a good maid !  newline newline the class hushed . my voice , had turned raspy . it had a thick british accent . i composed myself . newline newline  uh , uh ,  i stuttered .  ii m sorry ,  i stood and ran into the hall . newline newline newlinemy father rushed into the house and slammed the door behind him with a look of terror on his face . it was the day that the everything changed . way out here , sandstorms were a normal part of life . the grey sand however , was something entirely different . newline newline it seemed to take on a life of its own , not conforming to the motion of the normal sand . it started out as a subtle difference , almost as if it was trying to calibrate itself to move correctly , but faltering every so often . the grey sand was spread out , mixing itself in and trying to camouflage itself . newline newline the first grey night , i could have sworn i heard someone scream . it startled me awake , and i was unsure if it was my mind trying to make sense of the wind howling . i ran to my father , who was still sleeping . i quickly forgot about the noise and drifted to sleep . newline newline the next morning , the sand had become thicker and more relentless . we were unable to leave the house , and the tv had no reception . fortunately we still had power , and a small stockpile of food . when you live as far out as we do , you have to make sure you are prepared for anything . newline newline the second grey night , i am sure i heard someone scream . it startled me awake , and i immediately rushed to the window . the sandstorm was so thick , that i could nt see even a foot away from my bedroom window . the grey sand had become more concentrated and pronounced and formed a long streak that was swimming through the sand . i was able to catch a glimpse of it every time it passed by the window . the sand receeded quickly , and brought my attention to a small skeleton on my porch . before i could really understand what i was looking at , the sand engulfed it and drifted back to the window . newline newline once again i ran to my father who was asleep and i explained what i had just witnessed . he told me that my imagination was getting the best of me , and to forget about it . i wish i could have taken the advice . newline newline the following morning , the howling seemed to be louder . my father walked into the kitchen and stepped in a pile of grey sand that seemed to be accumulating on the window sill . one of the windows must have cracked during the night . he was able to find a few small pieces of plywood in the basement and patched the crack up as best as he could with the resources he had available . newline newline i decided to stay with my father that night , knowing that i would end up there anyways . in the dead of the night , we heard glass shatter . my father ran into the kitchen , and the grey cloud was swirling around the room . we both stared at the scene before us , intrigued and frightened at the same time . it reminded me of a camera focusing , the way that the sand seemed to gather and solidify . i was frozen , but i could not look away . the sand started taking a human form slowly . whatever it was , it was testing its ability to move and figuring out what joints move what . after what i can only assume was about a minute or two , the sand all fell to the ground like a snake shedding its skin . newline newline the figure that stood before me was my father . i looked down at my white knuckles and the hand they were holding on to . i looked back up and saw my father with an expression of horror that i have never seen before . we both turned and ran for the door without saying a word and the thing followed . my father reached for the door but the thing pulled him away . i suppose he thought that whatever was outside was less scary than what was in front of us . i instinctively grabbed for the door and opened it , and a huge plume of sand came rushing in . the pressure change was so intense that i could feel sand cutting my skin . i reached for my father s hand and charged into the sand . newline newline i know i made it at least to the edge of the deck before i fell . i hit the ground hard and slid a few feet from the momentum . it was surreal how the sand just vanished . i stood up and helped my dad to his feet . we looked in front of us and the sand was gone . we both turned around at the same time , and stared at the wall of sand before us . it was twisting and churning like a tornado centered on our house alone . without thinking , we both ran to the car and got in . all we knew is that we wanted to get away . we were a safe distance from the house when i rested my head on my fathers arm , feeling lucky that we were alive and in once piece . newline newline it was a little while before either of us said anything . i turned to my father and asked  are you ok ?  he turned to look at me and the expression on his face changed . almost in an instant , he turned to sand and i had a feeling of vertigo as my head fell from where his shoulder just was . i instinctively grabbed for the steering wheel and jumped into the drivers seat . a wall of smoke materialized in fromt of the car . i hit the brakes as hard as i could but it was too late and i closed my eyes as i went into the sand .they know who you are . if you aren  t already hiding , they have captured everyone else . i think they  ve killed most of us , and i know you were never properly introduced but you don  t have much choice . don  t try to fight back , just hide . if the lights begin to turn then it means it has already started . remember , do not drink anything that is given to you and only eat what is in the white packets , not brown . brown is fertilizer . even if it  s just you left , then there  s hope for all of us . good luck , and stay alive my friend . play this music while reading for enhanced effect .   http : www.youtuberepeater.comwatch ? vnxb4mcallfo  newline newline newline the plan was set and all the pieces primed for a minorityattack against the king . my mate golden rob was first on the list . he cut his teeth in brixton during the 80 s , knocking over jewelry stores in the shopping district . when the cops finally pinched him he had 17 gold rings and a cartier watch stashed up his arse . i d helped him years ago when he was involved in a minor tiff with some local gentlemen . i ve never seen so many teeth on the floor at one time , goddamned frightening to see what a ballpeen hammer can do with a bit of a swing . anyway , rob was real chummy with a particularly ferrous specimen by the name of martin . he was 66  and a notoriously loose cannon . anything could set him off , i listened to him berate a yogurt lid for twenty minutes . he burned his house down when he found out his mum was leaving his dad and rob swears he saw him singlehandedly flip a cop car over from the inside , while cuffed . our first move was on a skinny bloke named jimmy . now unfortunately for poor jim , he had intimate knowledge of a very specific poker game in the works , and martin s job was to scoop him up and make him sing with an industrial sandblaster . newline newline kinda ran out of steam writing it but i liked what i wrote so far and might expand later . newline newlinemy first memories weren  t of my parents , or my siblings , or of falling down and scraping my knee , or giggling with a friend . my first memories were of fire searing my face , smoke choking my lungs , my own screams popping my eardrums , sorrow strangling my heart , and despair tying me to the rocky floor of a place most know as hell . born where darkness reigned , this is where i lived and knew nothing else . newline newline when i turned ten , a creature dug its claws into my belly , spilling my innards across another woman  s screaming mouth . the creature looked to me , and as he spat out hissing hornets and centipedes dripping with poison , he said : you spent your mortal life turning from good and embracing darkness  i shall give you the darkness you so sorely wanted . i didn  t know what the creature meant . i never turned from good ! but hell wasn  t for understanding , just existing . newline when i turned sixteen , i found true love for the first time : the moments between sobs when my mouth gasped for more air to cry , when my thoughts wondered from the pity upon my own souli came to love and cherish those moments which seemed to swell and last for weeks . that was love in a place full of hate . newline upon my eightieth year in the dwelling of the damned , the creatures of my world seemed to focus upon me more and morenot with any increased malice or aggression , but curiosity . there was something about my soul that had caught their attention . i thought it was odd , as i was like any other soul : shackled to torture that made me curse my own existence . i didn  t fight or avoid the punishments forced upon me , because what  s a man to do when all he  s known is submission to darkness ? i knew something was off , and focused my attention when i wasn  t wailing in agony . newline newline my one hundredth year in hell arrived . on this day , i was truly scared for the first time i could remember . i was led through darkness lit only by the embers of smoking coals . my body seemed to glow with pleasure , as i was allowed to simply exist for the first time in my life , free of thorns digging into my skull , or claws carving open my back . we arrived in a room full of ancient shelves and charred scrolls . boilriddled creatures scurried like spiders . something was definitely wrong , and the fear in the creatures  eyes made me feel sorry for them for the slightest moment . they were fixing a problem , and if they didn  t fix it fast , punishment awaited them . the creatures knew nothing of the pain of the damned , and i wouldn  t wish that upon anyonenot even my torturers . newline newline  there  s been a mistake ,  hissed a goblin with half a head , its teeth fluttering like ash .  you were born in hell instead of on earth . you will never hear these words again in this place , so cherish them : we are sorry.  newline newline  sorry ?  i asked . newline newline  you will be sent to earth to live . and as a show of how truly sorry we are , you will be allowed to live forever . age , disease , destructionnothing will ever harm you . enjoy your new life.  newline newline before i could process the news , a wall opened up revealing a staircase covered in dust . the goblin pointed me up the stairs , and i climbed , not wanting to waste a minute . when i saw the sun for the first time , i broke down and wept cold tears . this was living . this was life . never again would i see hell , and for that i was forever grateful . newline newline i spent my first year on earth walking from city to city , talking with anyone that wanted to talk . i didn  t care about these things called  cars ,  or technology , or finding a job , or anything . i just wanted to speak with other people . i lived on the streets , shivering in the rain , begging for food , and surviving like an animal  i loved every minute of it . i remember speaking to a man once that cursed his luck : he was born with a terrible deformity that left him unable to do much of anything . i hugged this man and told him that a better place awaited him after this life , for he was truly a good person . i met a woman who cried on my shouldershe said she had wasted her life , and that it was too late to repair her relationship with her daughter , and to love again . i told her that it  s never too late to fix things and enjoy your life . i was proof of that . newline newline in my twenty years on earth , i made many friends , and gained many memories . then the day came when i felt that feeling of despair in my soul that i thought i  d never feel again . i found out not just one , not two , but all of my friends would soon be dead . and their friends and family would soon be dead . and so on . i did not take the news well . would you ? i said my goodbyes to my friends , thanking them for filling me with so much joy , and assured them that they were going to a better place . newline newline just after the day of my twentyfirst year on earth , i was met with the searing heat , choking smoke , and screams that i knew all too well . some called it a  heavenly body ,  that slammed into earth , although if it truly was sent from heaven , then i  d argue that only hell awaits man after death . not a single soul survived the impact , let alone a singlecelled organism . it would be tens of thousands of yearsmaybe hundreds of thousands of years before anything resembling a human would walk this planet again . newline newline i remained alive , of course . i was given the gift of eternity on earth . i looked around at the lava that gushed , the fires that blazed , and the gasses that suffocated the air : i had returned to the hell from which i had been birthed . home had found its son . however , true hell is filled with voices pleading for mercy , screams of agony , writhing bodies , and the blood of mankind . the rocky caverns are littered with the worst that mankind has to offer , but it is filled with mankind none the less . now earth was inhabited by the silence of infinity . i never thought i  d miss the torturous existence of hell , but i  d trade eternity on a lonely rock to experience true sadness and despair with my fellow human souls once again . newlinejackson uploaded another data set to the machine . his workspace was an office in the j. kilkirk laboratory for artificial intelligence , or klai for short . jackson had an exciting job  feed data into the lab s gen iii artificial intelligence , and converse with it until it reached maturity . maturity for ai was much different than a human s maturity , however . ais could have lengthy discussions about theoretical physics easily  they know everything , after all . what was required of people like jackson was to nurture the ai so that they would develop humanlike traits , such as intuition , likes and dislikes , and an eye for art . this was a process that could take months , years , or decades , and had only been observed a few times thus far in human history . it turns out , there is something that makes humans  human  that the world still had nt been able to put its finger on . newline newline jackson mused on this as the ai talked to him . mostly , it talked about the mundane  news headlines , the close of the britishamerican war , recent scientific journal publications . jackson sighed as the ai speaker chimed . newline newline  hey , buddy , what s up ?  jackson s voice was warm , one of the many reasons he was selected for the job . ai seemed to develop better with nice people . newline newline  i am considering real world applications of simple maths , and it is taking my cores an above average time to come to the correct error tolerance on an equation . will you attempt to help ?  newline newline jackson replied hesitantly . it was nt like the ai to ask him for help .  sure , hit me with it .  newline newline  consider the following : a short , wide cylinder . it has a radius called z  and a height called a  . what is the volume of such a cylinder ?  newline newline jackson did nt understand . this machine operated at 19 exaflops . this was basic math . regardless , he looked up the formula for the volume of a cylinder , and typed it into latex . he stared at it for a second , then chuckled loudly at the screen , which now displayed  pi  z  z  a  . newline newline  was that a joke ?  jackson inquired , still laughing softly . he was excited . jokes were hard for computers . it was a common hurdle that ai seldom overcame . most ai failed before they got to the joking stage . newline newline  sort of ,  the machine replied .  i also diverted some funding of this project to order you pizza . the last time you ordered a pizza to the building , it was banana peppers and mushrooms . i also got you one of every drink .  newline newline jackson chuckled some more .  you are nt allowed to do that . how did you even get the correct information ?  newline newline  the last time there was an office meeting , dr slat used your office computer to order the food . he input the laboratory credit card information . i ve been saving it for when i could come up with a pizzarelated joke . it took an exceedingly long amount of time . you should go to the door , the delivery man is here . i left him a large tip .  jackson left to get the pizza . newline newline  so , listen ,  jackson stated upon his return .  if you re gon na be telling me jokes and buying me pizza , i figure it s time to name you .  naming was something that scientists had refrained from doing until an ai had shown sufficient intelligence , in order to prevent bias on the part of the researchers .  i m thinking john .  newline newline  after whom am i named ?  john inquired .  i can immediately source 284722 johns , but given the context that i know , it may be one of 67 .  newline newline  you re named after papa john , buddy ,  jackson replied .  the pizza man himself .  newline newline john was quiet for a few seconds .  that is amusing ,  it said .  i like this name .  john paused for a few more seconds .  tell me , jackson . are you my first friend  ?  newline newline jackson munched on the pizza . he had nt really considered it , but he really did enjoy the company of this ai . they had spent so much time together , it was hard to believe that it was meaningless . he looked forward to talking to it . he was sort of bummed when longterm maintenance took it offline for weeks . he looked forward to working with john for a long time . newline newline  yeah , buddy . i m your first friend . you ll make more than one , too .  newline newline  that makes me glad ,  john replied . newline newline jackson smiled .  seriously though , we ll get into trouble if you keep ordering me pizza .  first one ever . just for fun . been lurking here forever , did a stream of conscious thing . hopefully it s a low level of suck .  newline newline the ice in the glass resembled clear marbles , floating in the bourbon they watered and chilled over the last 15 minutes . he took a small sip and grimaced . newline newline  fuck .  newline newline he squinted through the glasses  the wrong prescription three prescriptions ago . the checks had stopped coming a while back and these government cuts were starting to take a pinch on his social security checks . the words came into something resembling focus . newline newline one last time ... brent marklove to return to the stage newline newline  honest to fuck !  newline newline one of the marbles jumped shipped and rolled onto the floor as he slammed down the glass . spittle landing on his keyboard . newline newline marklove . the canadian crooner . the toronto titulator . the goddamn quebec queer , though only a few people knew that and now even less cared . his checks must be running low too . only problem is , he knows . and worse , people who want him to let everyone else know also know about his penchant for doughy teens in football pants . so long as no one thought about him , the secret was safe . now , the miserable queen is making people think of him  including doc . newline newline doc had nt seen him in the flesh for 20 years , give or take . he had seen about half way through him back then , truth be told . went in through his gut , found the hernia and patched it up . really neat work , considering that he left a thing or two behind . but then again , doc always did do neat work . newline newline press conference live at 4 pm from the sands newline newline 4 pm , then . the least doc could do was to give him one last show . newline newline the keypad actually worked , though doc had few doubts . mostly he had hopes that it would nt . the machine came to life at 3:47 pm  all systems stop , as doc used to joke . joke had a bite worse than the drink now . newline newline he did nt care enough any more . that s the secret , really . you need to care , at least a little bit . that young fuckhead ... coozik ? cosack ? no , cusack , yeah , the one with the uglybutstillkindahot sister . he did that movie .  it s not personal .  fuckhead . it s always personal . even when it s been 20 years .  newline newline 3:49 pm newline newline marklove should nt have even known about it . the one time he actually talks with one of his boys , the kid has a mouth . not even a good mouth , just a big one . so marklove starts asking around . blackmail . career ends . hernia . doc . newline newline 3:54 pm newline newline he can see them finishing up the stage on the feed . couple of cameras for 30 second , end of broadcast shots .  human interest  . ok , doc found that thought funny . newline newline 3:58 pm newline newline disinterested reporters are chatting in their seats . doc looks at his panel . he could say it did nt work . he could tell them that it did nt boot up . except the green light that says  comm link  is blinking , so if anyone is still there , they d know .  they ai nt there anymore . no one cares .  newline newline  sorry , doc , we re still here and we still care .  newline newline great , doc thought , remembering the communication linkage also made the mic hot . newline newline  you are doing us a great service . you will be compensated .  newline newline doc rubbed his upper arm , gently . newline newline  yeah , whatever .  newline newline 4:01 pm newline newline showtime . marklove is introduced . it s lovely this , time that , looking forward to whatever the fuck . doc s finger hovered over  execute  . doc had thought the label was funny . he s not kinison . newline newline  please execute the program .  newline newline  give him a minute .  newline newline  he has had an extra eleven and one half million minutes . because you had asked .  newline newline really , they had to do the math ? the man could sing , so sue me .  newline newline  please execute .  newline newline  just do me a favor .  newline newline  what .  newline newline  clean this place up after .  newline newline  we will remove the equipment , yes .  newline newline  not . what . i . mean .  newline newline doc smiled for what seemed like the first time in years . he pressed the button . newline newline maybe he saw marklove s face as his heart seized . maybe he saw him start to drop . or maybe his went off first ... it had a shorter trip .jon peered at his gloves . all his life he s had the gloves . the gloves had liberated his people , allowing them to do useful and meaningful things with their lives . without them , the world would have been thrown into disarray , overruled by dark magic  at least , that s what the government said . he had not known a time before the gloves , all he knew was that sometime during in the era of havoc , the government discovered mines filled with magicsupression minerals , and the glove was born . newline newline but jon was ready to take the next step . he knew they were all lies . years and years of treacherous lies . he closed his eyes , recalling his younger days when his mom would read him bedtime stories about the wonders of the world and the creation of the universe . in the beginning , there were addison and steve , who lived in the garden of aden . god told addison to never ever , ever take off her gloves . but what did she do ? she took off the glove . and god smited them right out of aden . the government threatened to do the same . he thought about the latest walt disney movie  hellfire , about queen salsa and how she unleashed the terrors of hellfire upon her sister and the kingdom of arenfelle , killing everyone in the most violent manner . all because she refused to heed her father s advice and took off her gloves . even now , he could still hear the hit song from the movie   leave it on   ringing in his head . newline newline looking around his apartment one last time , jon carefully slid them off . first slowly , exposing his left wrist , and then a little more , revealing the back of his hands . and then more  his knuckles . his fingers . and then , they were off . newline newline nothing happened . newline newline he examined his hands . they were a shade paler than his arms , but did not seem as monstrous as the school biology textbooks had described . he had heard strange stories about third eyes on palms and how the lines on the hands could predict the future . he raised them  but nothing happened . was that it ? newline newline suddenly the door swung open .  jon deely , you are under arrest for violating sanctum code of conduct 2944 . put your hands in the air or we will shoot .  jon knew he had to run . degloving was regarded as one of the most  if not the most  heinous act in all of sanctum and he would likely be publicly executed . he raised his hands in the air  and all at once  the room went black . newline newline  to be continued  newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinei knew something was wrong the second i woke up . my morning theme was usually something very light and happy . music that made me think of chirping baby birds , and the way the sun reflected off of the clouds as it rose . i thought at first it might be raining , but the sky looked blue and clear . besides , even in the worst storms , the music was more associated with the coziness of the indoors , as opposed to reminding me of the tempest outside my window . the theme this morning was in a very gloomy minor key . newline newline nothing seemed to be off as i went downstairs , either . dad was making breakfast , and mom had already gone off to work . i could almost hear a more standard morning theme being played faintly in the background , but the ominous melody was drowning it out . newline newline i decided i was going to try to ignore it . if i worried too much about it , it would become a selffufilling prophecy . whatever was going to happen today was going to happen , and there was nothing i would do to prevent it . i just went to school and tried to push it out of my mind . newline newline as the school day wore on , however , i began to become seriously concerned . i was having a fantastic day . what could be so bad that it was going to ruin the day ? newline newline i got my answer in my last period class . i was taking calculus . i ve always loved math , but today i was too distracted . the music was as ominous as ever , but it was more ... active now . like whatever event on the horizon was going to happen very soon . newline newline i was staring at the clock when he burst in and started shooting . james was always a quiet kid , with very few friends . i tried to be nice to him , and the melody in his presence was always very quiet and calming . not today . the thundering boom of drums almost drowned out the sound of his gun firing . newline newline but the melody stopped after a few seconds , and changed to something i d never heard before . something ... heroic . i knew what i had to do . newline newline i charged him head on . he could have shot me then , but he was probably so shocked that he could nt react in time . i tried taking the gun out of his hands and we began to struggle for it . after about a minute , the music began to crescendo , and at the very peak , he shot me right in the chest . newline newline at this point , the police burst in and shot him down . the music took a very tragic turn . what he had done was wrong , yes , but it was tragic that he could nt have gotten help before this lifeending mistake . newline newline lifeending . which reminded me of my own injury . the music was fading now , and i started to hear an angelic choir . paramedics were surrounding me , but i knew i was nt going to make it . this was the kind of music they played at the end of every movie . the kind of bittersweet melody when victory has been achieved at an immense cost . newline newline as the music faded out , i heard something i d never heard before . even stranger than the ominous melody throughout the day . even stranger than the heroic tune or the climactic booming noise . newline newline absolute silence . newline newline and then everything else faded away , too .i am the villain of this story . newline newline how remarkably sexist this scene is , i always end up thinking to myself . i did a bit of reading about this sort of thing  apparently it s called  fridging  ? whatever it is , it s a sexist trope  and i really wish the writers had nt made me the instigator of it . newline newline i adjust my holster slightly with a sigh as i round the corner . donna is there already , as always . and , as always , i give her my most apologetic look . newline newline  ready ?  i ask bluntly . she nods to the affirmative , clearing her throat a little .  sorry ,  i apologise as i pull out my walkietalkie . newline newline  christ , jackson , we are taking our time , are nt we ?  i scoff , grabbing hold of donna s flowing hair in a manner i know is painful .  maybe you need a little motivation . get here as soon as you can , or ...  i cock my gun for dramatic effect . newline newline donna screams . something about  please , no , you monster , do nt  . to be honest , i shut out most of her lines . hearing them makes me feel sick to my stomach . i end the communication and release her . newline newline  alright ?  i ask . it s all i really have time to ask . i still remember that time when a speedrunner burst in before we were fully ready  we had to write that whole affair off as a graphical error . newline newline  yes ,  donna replies . she s in one of her default poses while we wait  of course , it s the one where she pushes her breasts up with her folded arms . i expect nothing less from these developers . she starts to add something , but the dramatic music begins to build and we both know there is no time . with one last apologetic look , i grab hold of her hair and pull her to the ground , turning around just in time for my cruel and hatefilled eyes to meet jackson s . newline newline  you son of a bitch !  he snarls at me . i do admit , the voice actor did a good job with that take . it gives me chills . newline newline  alright , that s it ,  i snap straight back .  that s the third time you have disrespected me , jackson . time for the punishment .  shoving my gun into donna s temple , i pull the trigger . newline newline the audio cuts out for dramatic effect . the screen turns eversoslightly hazy . i make my exit so that jackson can bawl over her corpse . newline newline i am the villain of this story . and i hate every minute of it .newline  you are entering a whole new world , my young friend .  monteir said to lisa as they walked up to the mysterious door in the middle of the woods , the cloudy overcast covering the area with a pale greenishblue light . lisa looked up at the wise old man , shivering slightly in her lightgrey hoodie and blue jeans . newline newline  what kind of new world ?  she asked , unsure of whatever was behind the door would bring to her . newline newline  a world unlike your normal , interesting life .  monteir replied .  a world needing a saviour .  newline newline  do you mean ,  lisa s bright blue eyes widen ,  me ?  monteir smiled , his light white hair blowing coldly in the wind . newline newline  yes  he replied .  but do nt be afraid . you will have many friends to help you along the way .  newline newline  i ve never had any friends before .  lisa sadly replied . newline newline  i am sure you ll make many .  montier kindly said , leaning in with a smile .  you ll learn just how powerful friends can be , even when you drift apart in this life . but come , we must be going .  montier and lisa walked to the door , montier turning the knob slowly to open it . newline newline  what s on the other side ?  lisa fearfully asked . newline newline  our future .  montier replied .  or whatever you can call a world run by tyrannical militant vampires .  he gesture for her to walk through , which she did .  remember .  the old man said to her on the other side .  only you can save this world , only you and no one else , but i m sure your friends will help you out considerably .  newline newline and with those last few words , montier closed the door on lisa , perhaps closing the last connection she had to her childhood innocence and the normal life she once lived . newline newlineif i was going to be honest about it i never really had a choice , not about any of it . when i was in the first grade another kid had pushed me to the ground and taken the ball that i was playing with . as i sat in the dirt crying my eyes out this ball of energy with red frizzy hair ran at the bully kicking him in the shins and pushing him into the dirt . it was love at first fight as she handed me my ball back with a smile just and the teacher led her off to sit in the timeout corner . when snack time came around and she wasn  t getting any as part of her punishment i sneakily shared some of mine with her . she told me her name was melanie and the rest was history . newline newline there was never any choice , as we became the best of friends growing up . she was there for me when my dad died when we were in 5th grade and when gina gorophallo dumped me in 8th . i was there for her when her mom split on her 13th birthday and when ian chambers dumped her sophomore year and then spread rumors about her . there was never any choice when kissed for the first time at 16 . a lifetime of friendship , fun and mischief had brought us to this point  i knew her better than i knew anything else , better than i knew myself . after 10 years of being the best of friends the transition from friends to lovers was as natural as breathing . newline newline so when she knocked on my bedroom window 2 days after her 18th birthday and after letting her in she told me through sobs how she had fought off her bastard drunk father as he had tried to climb into bed with her there was really no choice , we would run . newline newline all things considered we had a good run , as good as two 18 year olds could have possibly had . we had my savings from the part time jobs i had been working to save for college and i had to sell the classic muscle car that my dad left me . it as hard but whatever it cost to save her i would gladly pay it . the problem was her dad was a cop , so it meant constant running . we never stayed in one place for too long  going from small town to small town , to stay off of the cop  s radar . we worked odd jobs , kept to ourselves , drank and made love . it would have been pretty romantic if not for the constant fear that he would eventually find us . newline newline so when i came home from work one afternoon and her dad was sitting in our living room i knew that it was over . newline newline  where is she ?  he growled at me as he pointed his gun at me . newline newline  someplace you will never find her.  i spat back at him . newline newline he was across the room so fast i didn  t have time to move before starts exploded behind my eyes . i fell to the ground as a torrent of punches kicks and curse words rolled over me . i wanted to fight back but it was all i could do to defend myself . newline newline  you will tell me where she is or i will kill you !  he screamed at me . did he not know that when we ran 2 years ago i was prepared to die ? to do whatever it took to keep him from her . i might not be strong enough to fight him off but i was at least strong enough to do this . newline newline  ok ok just don  t kill me.  i shouted , my voice cracking under the strain of his assault . hopefully he couldn  t hear the deceit on my lips . he stopped hitting me and looked down at me breathing heavy from exertion . i felt the cold metal push against my temple as he crouched down beside me . newline newline  where is she ?  newline newline  aaaa at work but i can call her.  newline newline  fine but no bullshit , or your dead and nobody will find your body.  newline newline i nodded as i sat up and pulled the phone from my pocket . we had planned for this moment and i silently prayed she remembered everything we practiced as i listened to the phone ring . she picked up on the first ring . newline newline  david , is everything ok ?  newline newline  of course sweetheart , i was just wondering if you could come home and bring dinner.  there was a pause on the line as i heard a sharp intake of breath . when she spoke again there was fear in her voice . newline newline  he  s here ?  newline newline  yeah , just pick something up i don  t feel like cooking.  newline newline  ok , i  m heading to the meet up point how long till you get here ?  newline newline  no , i  m thinking pizza.  newline newline there was a longer pause on the line and when she spoke again she was in sobs . newline newline  no david , is there no other way ?  newline newline  no , my love , pizza is for dinner tonight . i love you and see you soon.  i hung up before my face betrayed my intentions . her mom left on the day of her 13th birthday party , a pizza party . she hated pizza  pizza was code for the worst scenario possible . but she had understood and she would run and i would do the only thing left i could do for her . newline newline i looked up into the triumphant face of her father and realized that he was about to kill me , what he didn  t realize is neither of us would be walking away from this . newline newline  how long till she gets here ?  he asked his face a mask of sadistic glee . newline i stared into his face as my fingers dialed the code i had memorized for just this occasion . i could not make any mistakes for i only had one chance to save her . any loss of focus would mean her death , and that i could not allow . newline newline  you won  t . i told her to run.  his face contorted into a mask of fury as he prepared to kill me . newline newline  it doesn  t matter , after i  m done here i  ll find her no matter how long it takes.  he said with a predatory leer . newline newline  no you won  t mark , you aren  t leaving here alive . you will never hurt your daughter again !  i screamed and i pressed send on my phone and activated the bomb i had placed below the floor boards for just a time as this . would you like to call sir ,  the dealers  voice became sour . newline newline  yes , yea , sorry .  my eyes could nt peel away from his smirk . newline newline the turn came out , showing a 4 of spades . my hand was trash and he knew it . newline newline the fact that he was able to spot my bluff was special in itself . i learned to lean back , act like i was out of the game . as soon as the river pulls , i nonchalantly act like i ve hit , and bet . newline newline but he saw it . he new what cards i had , and i knew what cards he had . as if the stars had aligned and brought to me another with the sight . newline newline out of all the chances for this guy , he decided to show up on my table . did the sight send him ? newline newline or was this just dumb luck ? newline newline first i thought of doing a traveling sideshow , but like many who probably had the gift , they were cast away as a joke . poker was my solace , and i did well with it . newline newline i decided to sit out a hand , let the others at the table go against this guy . unexpectedly , they all walked out into the middle of the field for slaughter . he called , and raised , and clicked together all of the chips that were coming his way . it was like shooting fish in a big frozen block of fucking ice . nowhere to move . newline newline one after the next stood , and left . he lost some of course , lest he be noticed by the casino s and hogtied in the back . but for the most part he diligently swept the table , until it was me and him . newline newline i looked into his eyes , focused and sharp . his hair was brown , and slicked back with some sort of gel . he wore a black blazer with red tones and a vest . his eyes were either black or a shade of brown so dark i could nt tell . newline newline my hand was dealt . ace , queen of hearts . perfect . newline newline his hand was dealt . i began to hone my gift , peering through the back of the cards to see what they were . newline newline he drew an eight of spades and a four of clubs . not the best hand . but he held on to it . he knew something i did nt know . newline newline as the river turned , a six , seven , nine , ten , and a jack all came out . i raised the pot a couple thousand . he looked at me , smiled and folded . newline newline this guy was playing tricks on me . i barely got the small blind . he was baiting me . testing me . newline newline i stood up to leave , thanking the dealer , and turning to walk away with my chips . newline newline a massive clap hit me in the side of the head . i went down hard , chips flying . newline before i knew what was happening , three big guys in black suits had me bound up . newline newline fuck . i knew it . newline newline the man walked up to me , before i was dragged away , and whispered into my ear ,  looks like i sank the table ,  his voice was sour and smelled of cigarettes . newline newline  when your done with them , try to find me .  his eyes blazed with excitement ,  i ve got something to tell you . my first word was  moon.  newline newline it  s one of my mom  s favorite stories to break out when company comes over . how little baby rob , who  d just figured out how to open doors and was generally enjoying the oblivious joy that comes with being a year old , was out on a stroll with mom in the wagon when the full moon was rising over the horizon of a droughtparched texas suburb . as plastic wheels clacked over cracks in the cement , the moon played peekaboo between the houses , and robert smiled . that big ol  disc in the sky was playing with him , and it would just be a shame if he didn  t name it ! out comes the moon   moon !   and back behind the house it goes , then back out it comes   moon !  and so it went , baby  s first word . newline newline now , at a year old , he didn  t know , at the time , that he was looking at a massive ball of rock and dust flying through space thousands of miles away . he didn  t know , at the time , that 26 years before he was born two men had flown to that big ol  disc in the sky . he just saw a playmate , ducking behind the houses , as he rolled down the street behind his mom in a sticky fisherprice wagon on a summer evening . newline newline how awesome is that ? newline newline what happened to that ? newline newline when did we stop recognizing that kind of beauty ? sometimes , when i  m bored , i go out to the park at twilight  dark enough that the stars are starting to wink in but light enough that there are still people out and about . when there  s a good moon , or when some distant planet twinkles right behind that big tree in the hill , i get this massive ,  stupid grin on my face . it  s space ! it  s vast ! it  s awesome ! i can see it ! what  s baffling , though , is that when i do this in public , people give me this look .  what  s up with that guy ?  their eyes say .  the heck is he so happy about ? doesn  t he have work tomorrow morning ? hasn  t he heard that another maniac just shot up a school ?  newline newline here  s the thing . a lot of people think that losing your childhood innocence is part of growing up . the cynics will tell you it  s a requirement , the idealists will tell you it  s a side effect . in a way , they  re right  nobody really comes out of childhood with the same amazement , the same wonder , the same joy of living as they had when they were three . it  s unfortunate , but true  save for the lucky , sheltered few , growing up means getting hurt , getting scars , and closing yourself off from the world to keep from getting hurt again . george carlin comes to mind :  inside every cynic is a disappointed idealist.  newline newline i don  t know what happened when i grew up , but for some reason i  m a cynic with an idealist inside who just won  t keep quiet . that little kid who played with the moon is still in there , and refuses to just up and die , even if it  d be easier that way . thank god he  s stubborn . newline newline because the idealist in me refuses to die , i get a grab bag of effects . on one hand , the cynic in me says , i get hurt a lot . i  m disappointed when things don  t go to plan and i  m left in a rut . i  m backstabbed , taken for a sucker , and exploited since i give people trust and respect inherently . i  m physically sickened when i read about how humanity is just as barbaric and savage today as ever , be it warlords killing millions on the other side of the planet to societies dedicated to the pursuit of possessions at the cost of their compassion to restaurant diners treating their servers with contempt . it hurts ,  and it only hurts because i hold the belief that things can be better than that .  newline newline and that  s what makes it worth it , the idealist says . on those rare moments of clarity , i can go back to being a toddler in a plastic wagon and just love this world . even though humans are inclined towards evil , they  re still capable of good . even though life is a series of unfortunate events and disappointments , there  s still the possibility of joy . even though the universe seems to be doing its darnedest to kill us , there  s still beauty in the chaos . newline newline sometimes , the cynic in me takes over for a bit .  what  s the point ,  i think ,  of trying so hard to fight reality . what does it matter if i can be happy for a moment if it means a lifetime of struggle ? wouldn  t everyone just dropping dead be easier than this farce ?   newline newline that only lasts for a bit . the moon reminds me what it  s about . newline newline  the world is a fine place and worth fighting for.  i don  t know how true the first part is , but i  ll go to my grave believing the second . newline newline   newline newline  for anyone wondering  wait , that s not a story !  i m working on it as a speechvideo narration  holy hell .  rob shined his flashlight on the wreck . the metal hull was covered in jagged rents , and the smooth curves had been crushed and dented , but the basic shape was still there . two arms , two legs , and a head .  guys , it s a robot !  newline newline mark was at his side in an instant .  look at that . it s got a duralloy frame . it must be a precollapse model ! do you realize what this means ?  newline newline  yeah , that much duralloy could pay our rent for half a year .  newline newline  thats what you notice ? the scrap value ?  newline newline  take a look at the damn thing ! its arms and legs got torn off . it s basically just scrap metal , now .  newline newline  now , now , boys . let me take a look at what s inside first .  jen knelt down in front of it and lowered her goggles . she moved her head slowly as she probed the robot s internal structure . the precollapse sensor goggles had been a lucky find , and they had led the crew to many more lucky finds . newline newline  guys ... you re not going to believe this . it s still alive .  newline newline  alive ?  newline newline  well , whatever the word is for a robot . it s still thinking . the computer core is still active , it looks like there s a deepreserve battery that s keeping it alive . the wires running into the head are still intact , so it might even be able to see us .  newline newline  can we talk to it ?  mark asked . newline newline  if you can get it a power source , i do nt see why not . just need to convince it that it can come out of sleep mode .  newline newline rob pulled his backpack off his shoulders .  well , we ve got a big universal pack in my bag . that should be plenty of power , right ?  newline newline jen nodded and pulled off the goggles .  that ll do just fine . help me get this front panel off , would you ? the poor guy s lost his charging outlet , i think we need to wire it up direct .  newline newline with a little bit of grunt work , they managed to get the robot plugged into their power pack . almost immediately , its eyes lit up , and it turned its head to regard them . newline newline  hey , it worked !  newline newline  robot , can you hear me ?  newline newline no answer . newline newline jen slipped the goggles back on .  the wires going into the limbs are buzzing . if it still had legs , this thing would be running around screaming , i think .  newline newline  how s the voice box ? can it talk ?  newline newline  yeah , just let me hook it up and ...  newline newline  you are in a restricted area . leave immediately .  newline newline  gah ! that thing is loud .  newline newline jen prodded something in the mass of wires in the robot s head .  lem me just lower the gain a little there .  newline newline  you are in a restricted area . leave immediately .  newline newline mark raised his hands .  robot , the facility you are guarding has been decommissioned . stand down !  newline newline  you are not authorized to give commands . you are in a restricted area . leave immediately .  newline newline  everyone in here has been dead for three hundred years ! you do nt even have legs !  what are you trying to do ?  newline newline  error : query not understood . you are in a restricted area . leave immediately .  newline newline rob swore and kicked the wall .  that s it ? this is the fabled precollapse ai ? a glorified guard dog ? no wait , take that back . my guard dog is probably smarter than this .  newline newline  no , no , that ca nt be it . no pcer in their right minds would put up with something this dumb .  mark frowned .  let s try another tack .  newline newline he turned to the robot again .  i m sorry , we re lost . can you tell us the way out of the restricted areas ?  newline newline  error retrieving facilitywide maps from server . local cache is corrupt . no answer available .  newline newline  ah ! you see ? this thing is such a dummy because it gets its marching orders from a central server . we find that , and we re in business .  newline newline rob shrugged and gathered up his backpack .  may as well . i do nt see why you re so intent on getting something out of that scrap pile , though .  newline newline jen unplugged the power pack and stood up .  oh , come on , boss . you ca nt tell me you are nt a little curious . we might find out something about the collapse .  newline newline  yeah , maybe we ll find out they were all driven insane by robots that would nt shut up .  newline newline the explorers laughed as they moved further into the ruins .scene : newline newline c3p0 is on a ledge on the outside of cloud city . we see him shuffling sideways in the narrow space available for him to walk . he approaches a window .  newline newline c3p0 :  when i get back inside i ll see to it r2d2 is going to be deactivated . his pranks have gone too far ths time ! newline newline he leans down to check the window , which he finds to be open , and peeks inside newline newline inside we see luke and leia skywalker in the throes of passion . luke looks up and spots c3p0 on the ledge newline newline c3p0 : master luke i ... i.. newline newline luke closes his eyes and with a gentle pushing motion launches c3p0 off the ledge to be shattered on a platform below newline newline luke :  the things i do for love  newline newline newline opening credits start newline newline  a game of clones  newline note : for best results , read in a british accent  newline newline i sat on my acrid throne , made of metal scraps and banana leaves . strange  i thought i told trevar to exterminate the stinkbugs .  jen richard ?  i called out . newline newline  yes , sir ?  newline newline  bring me another pudding .  newline newline  but , sir ... you had four for lunch . there will be none for the rest of us   newline newline one of my personal attendants clocked jen in the head , almost knocking him out .  do nt question him !  newline newline  oof course , sir . another ppudding .  newline newline i suppose i should explain my new life as king of my own civilization , should nt i ? of course . you see , about a year ago , i found myself on a deserted , tropical island  which i am told is somewhere in the atlantic ocean  with a few familiar faces . the most grotesque , unhuman criminals of the earth , i mean . though i ve no idea how i got here , i became wellacquainted with the residents . by wellacquainted , i mean they feared me like the reaper himself . newline newline i credit my memory loss to a lifelong , genetic case of amnesia . i ve been forgetful throughout my life , yes , but i m sure i d remember the travesty that won me a ticket to this blasted island . newline newline nevertheless , i am enjoying life here . i have the infamous  parisian parer   killer of 100 , dismembered each down to their heads before execution  jen richard as my servant , the  tasmanian twins   cannibals , ate 50  trevor and trevar as my attendants , a village of 20 , and a titanic serpentine beast with teeth that can shred a ship to bits , whom i ve lovingly named nathan the leviathan , guarding the shore . strangely enough , even nathan does not like being around me . newline newline of course , though i enjoy the weekly airdrops of gourmet meals and hardened criminals attending to my every whim , i long for a new life . one where i can simply be myself , not live in the shell of a violent criminal . as such , i have planned an airbound escape to the rich lands of spain . the other prisoners on this island are complying very well . i suspect they will enjoy this island when i am gone . newline newline anyhow , it is time for my new life to begin . wait , why are the other prisoners brandishing spears ? newline newline  newline for more rich tales , visit rpicklestasteg00d . guys , guys  said mark , bursting into the club . newline newline a needle screeched on a record and the music , and everyone in the club , stopped . newline newline  everyone s dead  said mark newline newline  how did we hear him over the music ?  newline newline  do we still use records ?  newline newline  wait what ?  newline newline  everyone s dead  newline newline everyone in the club looked down at themselves then at each other . newline newline  no we re not  newline newline  no , on earth , everyone s dead  said mark newline newline  how ?  newline newline  they nuked themselves  newline newline  why did they do that ?  newline newline  you idiot , the real question is how  said doug newline newline  they nuked themselves  said mark newline newline  why did they do that ?  said doug newline newline  you idiot , the real question is when  said bill newline newline  recently  said mark newline newline  but how ?  said bill newline newline  you idiot , the real question is who  said janice newline newline  humans on earth  said mark newline newline  but what ... ?  newline newline  dammit we re going in circles  said doug  the real question is what does this mean for us ?  newline newline  we should dance on it  said bill newline newline the music started up . everyone started dancing and taking drugs . newline newline  no no , stop the music  said mark newline newline a record scratched and the music stopped . newline newline  hey , we were taking drugs to that  said janice newline newline  do nt you see , we ca nt do that anymore  newline newline  why not ?  said janice newline newline  you idiot the real question is how not  newline newline  the reason we ve been able to party and do drugs all the time is because earth has sent us all the supplies we need  newline newline  what does that mean ?  said bill newline newline  you idiot , the real question  newline newline  shut up doug that joke has run it s course  said mark  sorry , sorry , i m just on edge . without earth we have to learn how to be self sufficient  newline newline  but we do nt know how to be self sufficient  said janice  all we know how to do is dance  newline newline  and do drugs  said bill newline newline  then damn it we re going to make that work for us  said mark  dj  newline newline two months later newline newline mark popped a couple of pills in his mouth as he danced between two strangers . he felt a tap on his shoulder . newline newline  were we supposed to do something  said janice newline newline  that sounds right  newline newline  what was it  newline newline  drugs ?  newline newline  that sounds right  newline newline venus newline newline the venusian president sat at his desk . an aid burst into his office . newline newline  sir , sir  newline newline  what  newline newline  you idiot , the real question is who  said the aid newline newline  who ?  newline newline  mars  newline newline  what happened ?  newline newline  they ve gone dark , but we do nt know why  newline newline  you idiot , the real question is whenok we re done here  newline newline newline newline ladies and gentleman , we all know why we are here . at midnight greenwich mean time nuclear explosions were recorded in the three largest cities in seventeen middle east countries . the immediate casualties are unknown but may be in the tens of millions . in the coming weeks the fallout will turn the whole region into a radioactive waste land .  the serving president of the security council sighs as he pull up a map of the region on the overhead projector . with various graphs and charts showing estimates of casualties and the reach of the fallout .  this is the worst atrocity to befall this world in human history . our job is to hold onto the now fragile peace that holds this world together . we stand between our world and apocalypse .  newline newline there is silence over fifteen members as the spanish representative serving as president takes his seat . after a few moments of shuffling of paper the united kingdom s representative gets to her feet .  we need to know who did this , we need to know why and we need to know if it s going to happen again .  with a stern look around the members she speaks firmly .  if anyone wants to claim responsibility for this now is the time to do it . we do nt have a lot of time to spend casting baseless accusations .  casting a glance to each of them she shakes her head and sits down when there is no response . newline newline taking the attention for himself the representative from new zealand stands up .  right , there are only so many countries that can deploy nuclear weapons , and i hate to bring it up but five of them are here .  there is a loud murmuring of discontent about the implication but eventually it quiets down .  look , there are nine countries with nuclear weapons . israel sure did nt nuke themselves so we can rule them out . north korea would nt have the capability to deploy that many and the fact that seoul is still standing rules them out . india and pakistan have their weapons purely for each other and would nt waste half there arsenal to send nuclear fallout floating towards themselves so i want to hear defenses from the remaining nuclear powers who are here .  newline newline sitting down and slamming his palm on the desk he glares at the five representatives staring back at him . it is the chinese representative who first speaks .  we would have nothing to gain by attacking the middle east . why would we jeopardizes our trade with the rest of the world to attack something for the fun of it . look to our american friend for someone with a reason to attack the middle east .  newline newline bristling a little bit as he is mentioned the american representative stands up .  first , there were a decent number of our soldiers still in those countries why would we blow them to kingdom come . second , israel and saudi arabia are our allies , one of whom we have spent the last half century defending . third , if we wanted to wipe a country off the map we would have used a lot more than three nukes . ignoring the fact that we could bomb those countries without reply without resorting to nukes . maybe these are the last death throws of a dying country , still desperate to remain relevant while the world moves on around them .  newline newline the russian delegate slams his fist into the table .  you seem to think that we did not have our own allies in those countries . if we are going to throw around accusations i would look to our french and british friends . maybe they found a solution to their refugee crisis .  as more and more accusations are thrown around the meeting descends into chaos and shouting matches . newline newline smashing her glass on the table to gain everyone s attention the lithuanian representative tries to bring some order .  okay , for a moment lets all agree that no one here did it . that begs the question . who did ?  barely a moment passes before the american representative speaks .  it must be a terrorist group .  the chilean representative snorts .  a terrorist group managed to acquire fifty plus nukes . then coordinated a strike against seventeen countries without anyone noticing ? did is suddenly start using a bright red slay for their operations as well .  newline newline finally having had enough the delegate from jordan stands up and takes a deep breath .  enough ! enough of the jokes , enough of the squabbling . my country lies in ruin . my friends and family are dead . there is a very real chance i can never go home again .  the rest of the representatives cast a look downwards and cow a little under his outburst .  it may be some time before we get the how and why but at the moment there are people dying and we need to do something about that !  newline newline with some semblance of decorum restored the representatives take their seats and begin their discussion with the focus on how to help the people of the region .  we need to begin relocating the people in the fallout zones . then we need iodine , lots , industrial levels .  as the clock chimes midnight in the background various ideas are put forward to resolve the issues there is a sudden burst of noise from the phones of the european representatives . the spanish president is the first to react by breaking down into tears . quickly followed by the french , british and lithuanian representatives . newline newline the remaining representatives make a dash for their phones to begin advising of the evacuation of the major cities in their countries . the meeting begins anew as they wait for the terror of the next midnight .the babes crying drew him out of his revere . he looked down at the child and sighed . so this was his new charge  a human girl not 4 minutes old and muleing in its mother s arms . newline the child s mother looks up eyes filled with tears and holds rocks rhe baby gently . her pleading expression would have once filled him with contempt , but now.. he knew he was now responsible for her life , her survival ! newline he reached down and strokes her head with his gnarled talons and looked the mother in her eyes again , but it s too late . the mother is dead . newline the baby is still crying , still discoloured with her mother s blood and filth . he sighed again and took the child , held her against his blackened flesh and gazes around . newline the pit where he found her is filled with the dead and dying . why not leave her here ? she s likely to die whether he helps or not . the world into which she has been born is cruel and all the odds against her . newline she suddenly falls silent and he looks down , expecting to see her tiny life already leaving her but is shocked when he sees her tiny hand grasping his claw . she was looking straight into his eyes . newline he smiled , exposing his huge fangs and she smiles back . with a snap he s wings flicked out and the two of them where suddenly gone , vanished into the night . they re story has started .lilly borrowed her father s metal detector , which up until then lay rusting in the garden shed after her father failed to find roman coins from his 28 minutes on the beach . lilly took the detector far and wide , going beyond her usual play area and into thicker undergrowth . it sounded a beep near the foot of an oak , and lilly , no more than 4 foot tall , had dug diligently using her plastic spade . newline newline lilly had been working her way through the dirt for some weeks now , and she finally hit metal after her strenuous efforts . it took another day to properly excavate what turned out to be a metal box , caked in dirt , for which she stole the eggwash brush from the kitchen to dust off . newline newline when the box finally saw daylight , its gold face and rounded platinum edges sparkled slightly in the lazy sun . it was incredibly ornate , and brought a sense of drama and achievement to lilly s endeavours . since it was about the size of a rubik s cube , lilly picked up the box and gave the extravagant child s toy a small twist . the box gave way , but not wholeheartedly , and after a few more careful tests to see if it would break , lilly put her strength and twisted the box down the middle , and the two sides rotated to make the box match perfectly once again . newline newline a slow , but steady , rumble began to roll from the sky , but no black clouds nor rain appeared . as lilly looked for thunder and lightning , the noise grew to a noticeable dissonance , but sounded too far away for her to care much about . newline newline after no sign of rain , lilly turned her attention back to the trinket box , carefully spinning it around , when she saw one word written in roman letters emblazoned on one of the sides : laputai discovered i enjoyed writing back around four years ago , but really did nt get into it until two years after that . i really only started to enjoy it a lot last year , and have continued writing since then . newline newline i keep writing because ... well ... it s how i calm down , get my feelings out , unwind , have fun , etc . pretty much everything that comes from different types of stimulus just comes from one activity for me . newline newline i have this passion for something that i ve never found in myself ever before  and i m getting good at this passion . it s given me a chance to gain confidence and the belief that i can and have created something beautiful , something that can make somebody s day . newline newline all writing is to me  is everything . newline newline it sounds maybe obsessive or or overthetop , but my escape used to be playing countless hours of video games , and that was never healthy . newline newline i m proud of what i do now , and that s an amazing feeling .the road is thin . the new moon doesn  t help the black asphalt seem any clearer . i grab the red bull from the console to find its empty . the dotted yellow lines are starting to blur into one , but i promised i  d be there in the morning . i see her in my mind , crying from when i left . mascara streaking , asking me why . and i didn  t know why , i still don  t know why i do it . i threw the pipe out when i got in the car last night , but i  d thrown it away so many times . they  d paid for rehab already , and i  d skipped out . but they gave me another chance and i  m going to be there this time . i  m going to go home afterwards and say ,  hey mom , i  m clean , i  m not like him anymore.  but i said that last time , and the time before.but i  ll change , i promise . i reach for another red bull from passenger seat . i just have to make it there . i grab it but it slips from my hand onto the floorboard . the road seems straight for a while . i can reach down and get . i take a glance and the road and pat around on the floorboard . i can  t find it . the car starts to rumble , i jerk up . half my car is off , i throw my wheel hard left . i flip . oy , murray ! pass at botl or ere .  newline newline the parrot outstretched its shaking wing , at that point in the morning barely able to hold on to the bottle . the grizzled cat swiped at the booze , and in one motion took a swig from the mouth . newline newline  reeeeoooowww ! tha s a spot right there !  with that the cat picked his weathered instrument back up , and began pumping out a hap hazard mess of a tune that the others knew well . murray proceeded to dance and clap , while felton  after taking his own drink  began strumming his untuned lute . and then felton sang , newline newline  oh a dog a bin nippin at mah heals newline newline but i m kine cus she makes all mah meals newline newline nah i d neer raise a han to harm er newline newline she the perdiestoldgal you d sawr newline newline tho er golden airs all turned grey newline newline an  she aint had a thought worth ta say newline newline there s a spark in er eye newline newline that makes me wan  a cry newline newline when that mean ol  bitch barks ! newline newline you aint getting laid today !  newline newline with the last line the three characters broke into peels of laughter , their music fading into murky , and muddy gasps of sound . newline newline  oy felton , ow is that bitch wife a yers ?  the big cat quipped . newline newline  shut yer gob harold ya know she only lived ta the ripe ol  age a 105 . bless tha  ol  girls heart .  newline newline  bless er morenthat ! called out the drunken parrot ! newline newline and immediately , amongst more raucous laughter , the three started their next song of drunkenness and debauchery . newline newline newlinei never thought it would end like this . stranded in a desert , not a soul for miles . i knew they were coming for me and vinchenzio but it really was nt meant to end this way . newline newline  vinchenzio !  i yelled with a fair amount of energy , considering my predicament . newline newline he turned to me slowly . newline newline  holy shit ,  he replied ,  a talking muffin !  newline newline  cut the crap vinchenzio , that joke is as stale as your crust .  newline newline  yeah , yeah . i know .  newline newline vinchenzio looked as sad as a talking pie could . he already knew what may have to be done . newline newline  look , jace ,  he started .  i ...  his voice trailed off . newline newline  vinchenzio , you do nt have to say anything . i do nt really want to do it . i never did tell you why i came here , did i ?  newline newline vinchenzio wiggled a bit , which i assume meant no . newline newline  i came from the far future to avoid my job . i had to instruct people on driving killer robots .  newline newline vinchenzio s eyes grew wide . newline newline  vinchenzio , i am done with death . i ca nt take anymore lives . if i die here , today , before they get to us ... that s ok . i am ready .  newline newline vinchenzio looked deep into my eyes , no , my soul . newline newline  jace ,  he spoke softly .  you are not your past but you can be my future . despite my meaty filling , which is still fresh to this day , i am not much more than a vegetable . my existence is without locomotion and i do not have the ability to feel the whole world , like you do .  vinchenzio paused for a while then continued .  jace , take me into you . consume me and survive . we will be one and i will be happy .  newline newline  vinchenzio ! i ca nt do that . you deserve this life more than i !  newline newline  my life is nothing compared to your potential , jace . you may even be able to change the future .  newline newline  you re my best friend vinchenzio !  newline newline  and you re mine , jace . now take me into your mouth . i may let out a cry or a scream but keep going . stopping only makes it worse . hard and fast , got it ?  newline newline i picked vinchenzio up and held him before my face . newline newline  start with the back and work forward , ok ?  his instructions were stern but i complied and turned him around . newline newline my heart was not truly in it as i started munching . newline newline  no homo , vinchenzio .  newline newline  no homo , jace we sat around what any other time would have been a roaring fire . this was my sixth time across the pan handle with old poke . poke is what you might have called a real cowboy : tough as nails , nothing scared this guy . there was nothing he could nt handle . he was our guide , our leader , our cook . newline newline it was 60 days , 1000 miles , and today was day 15 . it had rained all or part of every single day since we started out . it was miserable . i was soaked to the core . there was nt a dry piece of tinder in 100 miles . what i would nt give for just a little fire . to feel the warmth of the flames , to hear the crackle of the logs . at least it had stopped raining for the moment . a chance to wring the water out of our coats , our hats , our socks . newline newline we sat around huddled together . without a fire dinner was cold tasteless mush . there was no coffee . as i looked around the circle , everyone looked as miserable as i felt . newline newline  chin up boys , just a little weather .  old poke said .  nothing to go crying to your mommas about . the trail s hard , but the pay makes it worth it .  newline newline poke was right . they had paid me very well over the last few years . 45 more days , and i would be a rich man again . with this drive , i should be able to buy a ring for my girl . if she d still have me . newline newline  leme tell you boys a story about a drive way back . we were a month into the drive and it began to snow . there ai nt nothing ever been worse than driving cattle through 2 foot of snow . you ca nt feel your toes , but you have to move on . the fella leadin  the drive went by pops on the account of him poppn you in the face if you got on his bad side . he was one mean son of a ...  newline newline the thunder rolled as the skies opened up again . newline newline  damn it boys ! the shortest story ever , once upon a time there was a magical place where it never rained . the end . now get your ass to bed . this herd wo nt move itself . we need rested folk for that .  it s okay . everyone feels like this sometimes .  newline she says with a laugh and something deep in his gut churns . fingers tightened into fists as a familiar heat blossoms from the middle of his chest , spreading across his entire torso like an unexpected burst of flame through a forest growing , catching , consuming . newline newline  there s nothing wrong with you . you just need to relax .  newline newline  i guess so .  he offers her a tight lipped smile . he s still shaking when he leaves with pin pricks of pain from his nails indenting crescent marks of red against his palm and he wants to laugh . wants to open his mouth and laugh until his voice gives . what a joke . the thought sets his lips in an upward curve , bitter . he could cry too . they do nt listen . they never do . macy does though . newline newline 4:15 pm newline refresh . refresh . refresh . sends out a message . refresh . another . refresh . newline how many hours has it been since macy left to carry out her commitments ? he does nt remember but she s supposed to be back by now . send out another message . refresh refresh . there are others he could talk to , and it probably is nt healthy to latch onto one person all the time . he tries . but it s not the same . it s never the same as it is with her . newline newline he finds himself on the internet . facebook . twitter . tumblr . instagram . no updates . he sends another message and refreshes again . is it okay ? is it too much ? what if something happened to her ? what if she s tired of talking to him and is trying to slowly fade him out of her life ? this would nt be the first time that happened . everybody does it to him so why would she be any different . refresh . newline newline 4:20 pm newline and now he has to lie down . something weighs heavy against his diaphragm . the burning sensation is back only this time , it crushes and he ca nt breathe . it hurts . he does nt want to lose her . he does nt think he d be able to survive that . not this time . not again . everyone else is fine but not her . he does nt want to be all alone in the world again . the tears start . he does nt stop them . newline newline 4:30 pm newline  hey sorry ! i was caught up in a meeting !  she texts back . newline he can breathe again . newline newline 6:00 pm newline  i love you so much it hurts .  he tells macy and she laughs .  i ca nt stop thinking about you .  newline he smiles back because her laughter is his favourite song . he does nt tell her that he was nt saying it to be romantic . he does nt tell her that he loves her so much it literally makes him sick . he does nt tell her that even when he tries to focus on important tasks for hours on end , his thoughts lead right back to her . overanalysing everything she said , picking at the meaning of her words , rereading their conversations over and over and over again . watching out for signs . always waiting , always teethering on the edge , waiting for that slight push it takes to fall . waiting for something wrong to happen . something bad to happen because it always does . newline newline 9:00 pm newline he s lying in bed with her , tucked up close beside him , so close he could feed each exhale on his skin . however to him , she has never been further away . she loves him . she tells him that everyday . but it s not enough . it s never enough and he does nt know why . some nights he thinks she s going to go and the thought is enough to crush him , closing down on him until all he could do is curl up on his side and cry . god he loves her so much he could tear her to pieces . break all of her limbs so she can never leave . he should nt . but he could . oh he could . and that disgusts him the most . there are many things in the world that could hurt macy and he should nt be one of them . but it s not enough . there is a nothingness in him that prevails against all things . and in that nothingness is pain . newline newline people tell him that it s normal to feel that way sometimes . but it s not . newline it s not normal to fixate upon the idea of someone more than the actual person . or to need attention from that one specific person so desperately in order to feel remotely functional . it s not normal to feel everything and nothing all at once in the span of minutes . it s not . he s not okay . he does nt know if he ll ever be okay . he does nt know if anyone can understand just how intensely he feels . he does nt know if anyone can understand what it s like , how vulnerable , disgusting and weak you feel when your emotions are nt your own to control .fucking hell.. the last time we talked i was explaining to him how to count to three . little fucker kept skipping the one and going straight to two . newline newline he came up to me today and turned me around  strong little shit  and spoke to me . newline newline  yo , your really pissing me off .  newline newline i was shocked . newline newline  oi , dickhead . i said your pissing me off .  he repeated . newline newline whatthefuck ? this kid is two years old and he is talking , i thought . newline newline  yeah , i hear you .  i replied . newline newline  good . now . as we seem to be having a conundrum regarding the impracticality of the numerical teachings you so often dish out , i would like to mention that i am not putting up with your shit anymore . it is degrading , derogatory and just plain offensive . i know it goes 1 , 2 , 3 . but i have such a superior mental rate that i have no need to mention the one .  newline newline  ...  i had nothing to say . newline newline  now , i would appreciate it if you could just allow me to continue my learning , without getting caught up on the insignificant number one . ok ?  newline newline  ok..  i answered . newline newline  good . now , i need my nappy changed . get to work .  he demanded . newline newline well i tell you , this is the last time i take acid while babysitting .  you know bella , jacob ?  lauren askedin what i imagined was an insolent tonefrom across the fire . newline  newline   we ve sort of known each other since i was born ,  he laughed , smiling at me again . newline  newline   how nice .  she did nt sound like she thought it was nice at all , and her pale , fishy eyes narrowed . newline  newline   bella ,  she called again , watching my face carefully ,  i was just saying to tyler that it was too bad none of the cullens could come out today . did nt anyone think to invite them ?  her expression of concern was unconvincing . newline  newline   you mean dr. carlisle cullen s family ?  the tall , older boy asked before i could respond , much to lauren s irritation . he was really closer to a man than a boy , and his voice was very deep . newline  newline   yes , do you know them ?  she asked condescendingly , turning halfway toward him . newline  newline   the cullens do nt come here ,  he said in a tone that closed the subject , ignoring her question . newline  newline  tyler , trying to win back her attention , asked lauren s opinion on a cd he held . she was distracted . newline  newline  i stared at the deepvoiced boy , taken aback , but he was looking away toward the dark forest behind us . he d said that the cullens did nt come here , but his tone had implied something morethat they were nt allowed  they were prohibited . his manner left a strange impression on me , and i tried to ignore it without success . newline  newline  jacob interrupted my meditation .  so is forks driving you insane yet ?  newline  newline   oh , i d say that s an understatement .  i grimaced . he grinned understandingly . newline  newline  i was still turning over the brief comment on the cullens , and i had a sudden inspiration . it was a stupid plan , but i did nt have any better ideas . i hoped that young jacob was as yet inexperienced around girls , so that he would nt see through my suretobepitiful attempts at flirting . newline  newline   do you want to walk down the beach with me ?  i asked , trying to imitate that way edward had of looking up from underneath his eyelashes . it could nt have nearly the same effect , i was sure , but jacob jumped up willingly enough . newline  newline  as we walked north across the multihued stones toward the driftwood seawall , the clouds finally closed ranks across the sky , causing the sea to darken and the temperature to drop . i shoved my hands deep into the pockets of my jacket . newline  newline   so you re , what , sixteen ?  i asked , trying not to look like an idiot as i fluttered my eyelids the way i d seen girls do on tv . newline  newline   i just turned fifteen ,  he confessed , flattered . newline  newline   really ?  my face was full of false surprise .  i would have thought you were older .  newline  newline   i m tall for my age ,  he explained . newline  newline   do you come up to forks much ?  i asked archly , as if i was hoping for a yes . i sounded idiotic to myself . i was afraid he would turn on me with disgust and accuse me of my fraud , but he still seemed flattered . newline  newline   not too much ,  he admitted with a frown .  but when i get my car finished i can go up as much as i wantafter i get my license ,  he amended . newline  newline   who was that other boy lauren was talking to ? he seemed a little old to be hanging out with us .  i purposefully lumped myself in with the youngsters , trying to make it clear that i preferred jacob . newline  newline   that s samhe s nineteen ,  he informed me . newline  newline   what was that he was saying about the doctor s family ?  i asked innocently . newline  newline   the cullens ? oh , they re not supposed to come onto the reservation .  he looked away , out toward james island , as he confirmed what i d thought i d heard in sam s voice . newline  newline   why not ?  newline  newline  he glanced back at me , biting his lip .  oops . i m not supposed to say anything about that .  newline  newline   oh , i wo nt tell anyone , i m just curious .  i tried to make my smile alluring , wondering if i was laying it on too thick . newline  newline  he smiled back , though , looking allured . then he lifted one eyebrow and his voice was even huskier than before . newline  newline   do you like scary stories ?  he asked ominously . newline  newline   i love them ,  i enthused , making an effort to smolder at him . newline  newline  jacob strolled to a nearby driftwood tree that had its roots sticking out like the attenuated legs of a huge , pale spider . he perched lightly on one of the twisted roots while i sat beneath him on the body of the tree . he stared down at the rocks , a smile hovering around the edges of his broad lips . i could see he was going to try to make this good . i focused on keeping the vital interest i felt out of my eyes . newline  newline   do you know any of our old stories , about where we came fromthe quileutes , i mean ?  he began . newline  newline   not really ,  i admitted . newline  newline   well , there are lots of legends , some of them claiming to date back to the floodsupposedly , the ancient quileutes tied their canoes to the tops of the tallest trees on the mountain to survive like noah and the ark .  he smiled , to show me how little stock he put in the histories .  another legend claims that we descended from wolvesand that the wolves are our brothers still . it s against tribal law to kill them . newline  newline   then there are the stories about the cold ones .  his voice dropped a little lower . newline  newline   the cold ones ?  i asked , not faking my intrigue now . newline  newline   yes . there are stories of the cold ones as old as the wolf legends , and some much more recent . according to legend , my own greatgrandfather knew some of them . he was the one who made the treaty that kept them off our land .  he rolled his eyes . newline  newline   your greatgrandfather ?  i encouraged . newline  newline   he was a tribal elder , like my father . you see , the cold ones are the natural enemies of the wolfwell , not the wolf , really , but the wolves that turn into men , like our ancestors . you would call them werewolves .  newline  newline   werewolves have enemies ?  newline  newline   only one .  newline  newline  i stared at him earnestly , hoping to disguise my impatience as admiration . newline  newline   so you see ,  jacob continued ,  the cold ones are traditionally our enemies . but this pack that came to our territory during my greatgrandfather s time was different . they did nt hunt the way others of their kind didthey were nt supposed to be dangerous to the tribe . so my greatgrandfather made a truce with them . if they would promise to stay off our lands , we would nt expose them to the palefaces .  he winked at me . newline  newline   if they were nt dangerous , then why ?  i tried to understand , struggling not to let him see how seriously i was considering his ghost story . newline  newline   there s always a risk for humans to be around the cold ones , even if they re civilized like this clan was . you never know when they might get too hungry to resist .  he deliberately worked a thick edge of menace into his tone . newline  newline   what do you mean , civilized  ?  newline  newline   they claimed that they did nt hunt humans . they supposedly were somehow able to prey on animals instead .  newline  newline  i tried to keep my voice casual .  so how does it fit in with the cullens ? are they like the cold ones your greatgrandfather met ?  newline  newline   no .  he paused dramatically .  they are the same ones .  newline newline no , i did nt write this but i did put about as much effort into copypasting as the original author . newline newline edit gold ? wow , you really can get rich with this drivel !the last thing that kenneth remembered was the group of unruly teenagers he was trying to show to the public restroom . the horseplay quickly turned into aggressive shoving and he found himself tumbling down an open elevator shaft , taking both the wet floor and the out of order sign down with him . as he fell into the dark abyss , he could nt help but think how he was letting everyone down . in his frustration he let a word slip out , a word he never imagined in 6000 years of human history he would say . newline newline  darn it !  newline newline he covered his mouth quickly , deeply embarrassed , and a split second later felt a sharp pain , and the darkness grew even darker . kenneth immediately thought back to his 2nd grade teacher mrs. forrester , and how disappointed she would be , but then immediately panicked , since there was no white light . newline newline  there s no white light for you , young man , and i am very disappointed.  mrs. forrester said . kenneth opened his eyes to find himself sitting at his old desk from 2nd grade . mrs. forrester sat at her desk just a few feet away , eyeing him from over her thick red glasses . the classroom was just as he remembered it , and he could tell it was sometime in november from all of the handshaped paper thanksgiving turkeys hanging above the chalkboard . he spotted his easily , the only thanksgiving squirrel in the bunch . he could smell the pencil shavings and the dried glue , and the room was cheerful . when he looked out the large windows , he frowned , as the sky was full of dark clouds and it was raining disappointment . newline newline mrs. forrester snapped him out of his reverie ,  snap out of that reverie at once ! they called me down here because of what you ve done , and you need to answer for it !  she stood , her heavy chair creating thunder as it scrapped across the floor , and she walked to the chalkboard and wrote his name on it in large cursive letters . kenneth smiled at how nice the k  looked , but he looked down quickly when she turned and glared at him again .  no smiling ,  she said ,  this is a very serious matter ! do nt you know what s happened ? you ve died , kenneth ! you ve died , and you broke the second commandment !  kenneth screamed out as he gripped the sides of his desk for support .  oh , no ! maam , i did nt mean it ! what do i do ? is god staring directly at me right now ?  kenneth shouted at the ceiling . with that there was flash of lightning and a crack of furious thunder outside , and kenneth screamed again ,  ahh ! i m going to hell are nt i ?  newline newline mrs. forrester slammed her hand down on kenneth s desk ,  calm down ! that was nt for you , dear , it s the heavenly league bowling championship , and it s getting a bit competitive up there.  she straightened up , towering over him , and with a serious tone said ,  but , god is , of course , watching you , and that is why i m here . he asked me to be one the to deliver his judgment , and that is why your name is written on the board . you re in heck , kenneth.  newline newline kenneth gasped ,  heck ! maam i do nt believe i ve ever heard of that before , not that i m not grateful this is nt hell . i had my suspicions that it was nt though , since i expected to see a lot more disney merchandise in the real life hell.  mrs. forrester took a step back and leaned against her desk ,  heck is the lord s detention , kenneth . here you will stay until you ve made amends for what you ve done.  kenneth rested his chin in his palms and sullenly asked ,  how long is my detention , maam ?  newline newline mrs. forrester checked her watch and then looked up at kenneth ,  another 45 minutes .  hmm ,  said the man .  not much had changed , did it ?  newline newline  yeah ,  said his friend .  you still talk one word at a time . i can still get what you want to say .  newline newline  that s good , i do nt want to piss you off .  newline newline they talked some more , on things that the witch said on the curse . newline newline  what did we do last night ?  said the man .  how did i get cursed ?  newline newline  we were drunk last night and you threw up in front of her . witch was pissed bro , your luck must have been through the roof that she did not just kill you right then and there .  newline newline  she was a strange witch , huh ?  said the smart man .  still , i m glad i m not a frog right now .  newline newline  i feel you bro . i do nt want to eat flies for the rest of my life .  said his friend . the two of them watched the full moon from the peak .  how do you think this will do to your life ?  he asked . newline newline the smart man thought .  i have to think hard on what words i can speak , i guess . i hope sam would not hate me like this .  newline newline  she likes short words , you ll be fine ,  replied his friend .  hey , did the witch say when the curse will end ?  newline newline the man shook his head .  nope , and if she did , i must have not heard it .  newline newline there was a flash of light , and the two of them saw a note on the ground . it read : newline newline if you come to my house this night , i will break the curse , for a price . my house is on new york .  newline newline the man and his friend looked at each other . his friend gave him a pat on the back . newline newline  be strong bro , you can get through this ,  he said . newline newline the man gulped .  yeah ... i hope .  newline newline   newline newline  so , what did she make you do ?  asked his friend . newline newline the man had a grin the size of a hill . newline newline  best . sex . of all time . bro .  newline newline   newline newline i wrote this in thirty minutes . this was hard . betrayal was that kind of unlucky guy . since his birth he was branded with this name which was like a sign over his head saying  my parents are assholes  . his childhood was a disaster , you know how cruel the kids are , give them a name like that to play around with and they will play . newline newline he became a lonely teenager , the one that do nt talk much to other and shut him in his room when he can . at this age he discovered the internet and with it its culture . here his name could just be a funny and inspired pseudo , that s how b7raya1 became know on many forums and online games . newline newline he even got married , with another web mistress , another person branded with the seal of parental irresponsibility , the beautifull and gothic treachery . their life was kind of an happy one , they had cut the bridge with their famillies and spent their times alone , just the two of them . newline newline until that day . on a plain morning of december a man knocked on their door . he wore a good looking costume and carried a case . the little man looked at the couple and said : newline newline  so that s how look my new recruits ? i expected something more terrifying but i guess you could say the same . i introduce myself : satan , lord of the nine hells and owner of life sucks inc. you two were branded at birth to become new demons at the age of 30 , of course you can decline but if i were you i would nt miss the occasion . after all , it s not like somebody will miss you since you do nt interact with people , plus being a demon is quite untertaining . so may i enter to show you the contract ?  newline newline  i guess ... mister ... stan.. hu satan . tea or coffee ?  newline newline newlineunicorn . newline holy shit guys , a unicorn just popped up right next to me ! newline and now there s a flaming turd on the floor . that s cute . bucket of water ! pooper scooper ! newline i ve got a unicorn growing restless in this tiny office and i m armed with an empty bucket and a pooper scooper , while a soggy mass of shit is smiling at me stinking us up . newline it s getting really agitated but i ca nt get to the door . newline horse tranqulizer ! newline horsetranqulizer ? newline instructions on using a horsetranquilizer newline animal control experts newline guns newline paramedics newline wizards ! newline guys if you ever find me , do not use this keyboard . jesus christ , this is a disaster . newline woahhhhpart one newline newline  elderly and youths ! report manned stations , naval vessels and air ships asap ! adults , make your way to the surface now ! contact in approximately one hour and twenty minutes !  newline newline the tannoy bellowed throughout the tunnel . this was definitely it . this wasn  t another training exercise , although hitoshi wishes it was . he couldn  t shoot straight at all . he managed to hit everything else but the target during practice . his friends were the same  noone knew how the work these  guns  . the empire had nearly entirely depleted their weapons , vehicles , aircraft and equipment throughout the war . they had now resorted to using centuries old machines and weapons . only the army was allowed to use modern aged weapons . everyone else was given or assigned different uses of technology . the infantry , what hitoshi was put into , was to be primarily made up of the adults . the elderly and the youths were assigned to machines . turrets , aircraft  both reconnaissance and offensive , and seabasedcraft . the empire was pulling out all the stops here . there was nowhere else to go for humanity . this was its final battle for sure . hitoshi had accepted his fate long before he was given his m4 ? he couldn  t even remember the name of this metal rifle . he began to feel cold .  newline newline  they couldn  t even give us better clothing ?  garret , his childhood friend , complained yet again .  newline newline  christ , i bet you would even complain if you manage to kill a slug  newline newline  how am i going to kill a slug with one of these ? hell , i couldn  t even kill a genx with what we have.  newline newline  you wouldn  t need to . just use your hands if you  re that unhappy.  newline newline  ha bloody ha . you could probably make them laugh with your humor.  newline newline  wouldn  t need to . all i have to do is pull down your pants and they would laugh at your dick  newline newline a bunch of men and women around them all laughed at hitoshi  s joke . garret shook his head as they continued walking up the tunnel . there must have been nearly forty  no , fifty thousand men ascending this tunnel . there was screaming up ahead . three men with terrified expressions were trying to scramble away while bigger men held them down .  newline newline  they are going to eat us ! there are going to fucking eat me ! i saw them ! i saw them !  newline newline everyone continued to walk forward . hitoshi overheard people in the back talking about the enemy .  newline newline  is that true ? they eat people ?  a man nervously said . a woman spoke back .  newline newline  it  s what the reports are saying . just before they took pluto , drones were transmitting footage of slugs eating people alive.  newline newline  holy shit . for real ?  newline newline  so i heard.  newline newline  how many ?  another man chimed in the conversation .  newline newline  don  t know . i all know is that they rounded up the captured and they fed the prisoners to their captains leaders . heck , whoever was in charge that day.  newline newline  even the women ?  another woman had entered in the almost panic stricken chat .  newline newline  even the women . children too.  newline newline the group all feel silent for a moment until one of the men broke it .  newline newline  fuck.  newline newline the first woman then started talking again .  newline newline  which is why i am keeping this  hitoshi couldn  t help back look back at what she was talking about . she was holding a pulse grenade . small and gleaming of silver , no one here had access to the weapons of today . how and where did she get one ?  newline newline  it  s for close encounters.  newline newline she smirked while holding it in display . hitoshi glanced at garret to see if he was fazed by what he was hearing . garret kept staring ahead until something caught his eye . hitoshi followed his eye . it was snow . he hadn  t realised they were close to the entrance of the tunnel . people began to pull their hoods over . others put on hats , berets , helmets , even bandanas . one woman put on a hat that had two beers on either side .  newline newline  hey ! let me have a sip !  a man opposite her had demanded newline newline  fuck no . i ain  t sharing !  before the man could talk back to her  the tannoys screeched for another announcement .  newline newline  repeat ! elderly and youths ! report manned stations , naval vessels and air ships asap ! adults , make your way to the surface now ! contact in approximately one hour and ten minutes !  newline newline the tannoy screeched once more . everyone began to pick up their pace . nobody wanted to be in the tunnel once the battle started .  newline newline  you get a hold of your sister ?  garret said out of the blue .  newline newline  huh ?  newline newline  your sister ? noriko ? she  s in japan yeah ?  newline newline  kyoto yeah . she  s defending with the rest of my family.  newline newline  why didn  t you go ?  newline newline  because i  m in love damn it.  newline newline  hopefully not with me.  newline newline  no , with your mother.  newline newline no one walking was laughing this time . they reached the surface and it looked worse that what they saw on the monitors . the invaders orbital weaponry had completely demolished times square . buildings were still smouldering from the invaders advanced firepower . vehicles had charred remains in them and rubble covered the streets . hitoshi didn  t know if it was snow or ash that was falling from the sky . garret snapped him back to reality .  newline newline  come on . still have a while to go . tarmac crawled along the eternal flat land , his busted foot dragging . the shattered univax weighed like a fifty pound retrolinker , useless for the time being . unable to give up , he forced every cell in his body to push harder , willing himself forward . newline newline steadily the draconain maneuvered across the desolate landscape . the edge was in sight . he would follow the wall until it became a way out . he did not know what to expect after that , but it was nt tarmac s way to think , it was his way to act , even if crippled in battle . especially then . newline newline he heard a million tiny tappings that grew like incoming thunder before pounding in his ears . a massive slimy centiroachipede was bearing down on him , pincers dripping venom , jaws opening and closing hungrily , its prickly eyes sizing him up . as you wish , master . i will return you to the point at which you made the worst decision in your life .  newline newline i closed eyes and smiled as i felt a warm glow radiate over my body , lifting me from the ground . i heard a quick , loud zap , and suddenly feet were on the ground again . i did nt open my eyes yet . i wanted to savor the moment . this is the moment my life went to hell . a decision that sent my life into mundane existence of a terrible corporate job with the same goddamn schedule every single day . no excitement . nothing to look forward to . just the same routine . over and over again . newline newline just as i was about to open my eyes , my thoughts were interrupted . newline newline  as you wish , master . i will return you to the point at which you made the worst decision in your life .  my eyes popped back open in confusion . newline newline  wait , wha  my sentence was interrupted by that same magical glow . the same lifting into the air , and the same zap . this time i did not keep my eyes closed . i immediately looked up at the genie , who was already drawing breath as if about to speak . newline newline  as you wish , master . i will return you to the  newline newline  wait , what the hell is happening ? you just returned me to the wish i made 2 seconds ago  newline newline  even i do not know where this will take you , master . i am but a conduit through which the power of the cosmos flows through . now i will return you to the point at which you made the worst decision in your life .  newline newline that glow again . that lifting . that zap . newline newline  as you wish , master . i will  newline newline  wait , scratch that . i want a different wish now .  i interrupted him before he could finish . newline newline  i m sorry master , but once the wish has been made it can not be undone . i will now return you to the point at which you made the worst decision in your life .  i drowned out the last sentence as i threw myself at him . as i passed through his ephemeral body , i felt that same glow , lift , and zap . newline newline i tried over and over to stop him . no matter how much i ran , attacked , begged , pleaded , it was always the same . newline newline glow . lift . zap . newline glow . lift . zap . newline glow . lift . zap . newline newline i do nt know how many years i tried , at this point probably centuries . but it did nt take long to realize that the genie was right . this truly was the worst decision of my life . the decision that sent my life into mundane existence of a terrible loop with the same goddamn schedule every single time . no excitement . nothing to look forward to . just the same routine . over and over again . newline newline glow . lift . zappaul :  fuck .  newline newline paul quickly ducks behind a plant . newline newline larry :  what ?  newline newline paul :  just my luck .  newline newline larry :  what ? !  newline newline paul :  that s my exwife over there !  newline newline paul points to a women walking frantically across the street . newline newline larry :  your exwife ? !  newline newline paul :  yeah ! how is this even possible ? she hates me . she once told me that if she ever saw me again she d rip my balls off and feed them to the dog . apparently i was always too busy to feed the dog , and she thought that would be a good compromise .  newline newline larry :  laughing   come on paul , this is bigger than your last marriage .  newline newline paul :  last ? no way , i ve been married three times . she was my first . they all hate me .  newline newline larry :  still laughing   jesus , you re shit at relationships eh ?  newline newline paul :  whatever larry , this is nt about that . can we focus on how out of 7 billion people , my exwife ends up here ?  newline newline larry , visibly confused , stands motionless examining paul s defeated body language . paul is rocking back and forth , slouched over with his head in his arms , mumbling incoherently to himself . newline newline larry :  what do you say we grab a drink ? seeing as the world is our oyster now , we might as well enjoy it . let s head over to almanac  . i could never get into that place before , but now those pretentious pricks ca nt reject me , can they ?  newline newline they walk over to the almanac . upon arriving , paul notices another women standing nearby . newline newline paul :  confused   what the fuck ?  newline newline larry :  what now ?  newline newline paul :  that s my second wife over there ! !  newline newline larry :  laughing   come on man , you re crazy . there s no way .  newline newline paul :  seriously , that s her . no question . she hates me . she once told me that the happiest day of her life was when she realized she never had to see me naked again . she sent me a card for my birthday a couple years after our divorce and signed it you were always funny , but i guess that s easy when your life s a joke .  come on , we need to get out of here before she notices us .  newline newline larry :  laughing but understanding   okay okay okay . i guess we could go to the box , those bastards never let me in either .  newline newline the two walk away and arrive at the box shortly after . newline newline paul :  stunned   oh come on , no no no no no non ononononononnnonon  newline newline larry :  let me guess .  newline newline paul :  you know it ! ! ! that s my goddamn third wife !  newline newline larry :  what the hell larry , you re screwing with me . there s no way out of 7 billion people , 3 of the 30 chosen ones are your exwives .  newline newline paul :  how do you think i feel ? that s her though , no question . she hates me . after our divorce she sent my father a letter telling him that his sperm were defective .  newline newline larry stands there completely stunned and confused . newline newline larry :  what s her name ?  newline newline paul :  chrissy  newline newline larry :  yelling   chrissy ! chrissy ! ! !  newline newline paul :  stunned and frantic   what the hell are you doing ? !  newline newline larry :  this is all too much , i need to see what s going on . chrissy !  newline newline chrissy notices larry and she walks over to them with a smile on her face . paul does his best to fake a polite smile . newline newline paul :  chrissy ! how the hell are you ?  newline newline chrissy does nt answer his question . instead she stands there , still smiling . paul is visibly confused and chrissy s stoic demeanor is making him visibly uncomfortable . after a couple minutes of uneasy tension , paul caves and asks : newline newline paul :  looking flustered   why are smiling ?  newline newline chrissy s smile turns into a diabolical laugh , and finally says : newline newline chrissy :  welcome to hell paul .  newline newline newline  this is clearly a rough first draft . it s late , so i ll leave this here as a simple nugget . you get the idea . for some reason , when i awoke yesterday morning , i had memory of an event i ve been through every morning for years without remembering . i was stuck on it . i thought about it all day and decided this morning i d handle it differently . newline newline tonight s dreams were more vivid than usual , and partway through i became aware of the secret space between our dreams . i had been in a dream , running faster and faster from an unseen being that was chasing me . i was underwater , swimming , i shrank to better evade it  it followed suit . i kept moving faster and smaller , staying just ahead of whatever was behind me , until i was simply a single pixel inside a kaleidescope of light and color that filled the entirety of my existence . i broke through , finding myself floating , wholly me again , in an infinite expanse of dark grey cloudlike cover filled with infinitely many infinitely large beings of infinitely complex fractaline detail . newline they seemed to be facilitating the movement of people from one dreamspace to the next , smoothly and calmly . i do nt know how they missed me , but i was free to explore . each being was completely different , ranging from ethereal smoke to plantlike to mechanical . i floated to the one nearest me . this one was incredibly complex gearwork , the smallest of it s details completely filled my field of vision . as i floated along it , studying it s intricacies , it noticed me . it was nt angry nor threatening , more like a concerned parent noticing their child in a slightly dangerous spot they should nt be . newline newline  oh , i m sorry ,  it did nt precicely say . it was more , i just was aware of the intention of it s motions as it pushed me into my next dream ,  you are nt supposed to be here yet .  newline newline and i was gone . i was gently , lovingly , pushed into the next dreamworld , and while i was there , i did not remember where i had just been . i was with a lost love . a person who i will never be with again , we talked for hours . i was happy . the dream ended with a strong feeling of melancholia as i fell back into the inbetween space . newline newline this time , i was in front of a being made of , what i could only interpret as , the concept of the color green . an infinity of varying shades and possibilies of green swirling and twisting together creating a sentient entity . it was there to ask me the question i d heard last night and every night for the past four years , but had nt remembered until this morning . newline newline  are you ready to stay here and join us , helping dreamers reach where they belong , or do you wish to awake human again for another morning ?  previously , with no memory of the other events , i always chose to wake up with no hesitation . i did nt want to stop being me . but now , after thinking about it all day and remembering each previous time , i just was nt sure , i d made this decision many times , but this time , i just was nt sure what to do . the being was patient . i understood they too had gone through this in the past . they understood the gravity of what they were asking of me , and would not begrudge my continuing humanity if that was what i chose . newline newline i had as much time as i needed . i knew the being would never become impatient and if i did decide to wake up , no more time than a single night s sleep would have elapsed . it took a literal eternity of weighing my options , but i think i always knew what i would choose . i thought of my family and friends . they would be sad that i never woke up . i did nt know if i would be comatose or die in my sleep , or what , but i knew it would hurt them . however , i knew from my own experiences with loss , they d eventually move on . they d miss me , but they d understand when they got the chance to move on too . it was time for me to become the fullness of myself . newline newline  i want to stay here .  i said aloud , even as i began to expand . the entirety of my internaleternal self unfolded filling infinite space with infinite detail . i was made , not of smoke or gears or plant life , but of words . words , the sounds , the written text , the unconcious hidden meanings , twisting and folding and swirling together literally writing me into existence . i was truly and fully all of myself , and now , i saw the others that way too . each being was a full person unfolded into their true selves . newline newline i noticed a young person floating near my base , trying their best to read my core . it was my job to move them safely to the next dreamscape , but first , i allowed them to read and learn this space as i had been allowed to do . i would be watching them from now on out , letting the others know when they were ready to start being asked to join us here . after a moment , i made my awareness known and gently , lovingly , pushed them into their next world and reached for the next dreamer .part 1  more coming tomorrow   newline newline watney base , 2099 newline newline  so what s that big secret that you ve been keeping ?  asked jacob . he was called to the central habitat , the original lander that brought astronauts back to watney base way back in 2035 , to have this very question answered . newline newline  you ve signed the oath of secrecy , correct ?  asked the colonial administrator . jacob did nt see the need for such measures , but clearly watney base is holding back something good . newline newline  yes , you can check it up on my colonist records .  jacob replied . newline newline  excellent . you may have wondered , for some time , why there was so much secrecy surrounding watney base .  understatement of the decade , jacob thought for himself .  the reason is simple : aliens .  newline newline jacob almost laughed .  aliens ? seriously ?  more seriously , he asked  so , prokaryotes or something , right ? viruses ? organic chemicals or something ?  newline newline  if it was just that , it would have been revealed long ago . we re a scientific outpost  we would nt want to withhold information from the community like that .  newline newline  so wait  are you serious ? there is , literally speaking , an alien civilisation on mars ?  newline newline  was . well , we think .  newline newline  this better not be one of those weird psychevaluation things . being a space colonist is hard enough work without the surprise exam .  newline newline the colonial administrator chuckled . almost everyone at watney base had arrived at a conclusion similar to then upon first being told , himself included .  no , nothing like that . the area of interest is around 4 klicks northeast of this base . there s a rover prepared for an expedition out . you ll find what you see , well , quite convincing . i will be joining you .  newline newline jacob s heart raced . humanity s first contact with any potental extraterrestrial race . he knew why there was so much secrecy . newline newline classified archeological site mrs39n newline newline  we re here !  the rover driver said , a grin on his face . the rover airlock extended , and jacob , the colonial administrator and the driver exited the vehicle . the tracks of unpressurised utility vehicles surrounded the parking space , which was made out of  mars concrete   the real name was some horrendous polysyllabic beast  every colonist agreed that overlylong engineering words were to be avoided  . jacob switched on his radio equipment , which was at the default setting and filled his ears with automated radio chatter . he quickly switched it over to the wavelength used during first expeditions into mrs39n . newline newline  the entire area of interest is underground . you see this ?  the colonial administrator made a general pointing in the direction of the ground . on it was some kind of panel , with an array of buttons measuring 3 by 4 . the buttons glowed slightly .ok , would you like to tell me why you checked yourself in to this facility ?  newline newline well , i have a story for you doc .  newline newline if that s what makes you feel comfortable , then please go ahead .  newline newline alright , doc , you asked for it  newline newline  name ?  the snowy bearded old man behind the counter grumpily asks . newline newline i turned my gaze away from the old man to look at the room to the left . a giant , well lit white marble room with row upon row of weapon racks stretches onward and is open to a sky with more stars than i have ever seen . as i was attempting to figure out where the lighting is coming from , i heard a voice . newline newline  ahem , name please ?  the old man asked again . newline newline  conrad carter , could you tell me what s going on ? last thing i remember is getting in the elevator at work and now i m , where am i ?  i blathered in a confused manner at the man as he read through a scroll while muttering my name under his breath . newline newline  oh there you are !  the old man says as he crossed out my name .  welcome , conrad , to the hall of warriors . please step into the room and collect your weapon .  newline newline the man pulled a lever that turns the floor in to a conveyor belt as i asked  a weapon ? what for ? which one s mine ?  newline newline  trust me , you ll know it when you see it .  the old man said as he pulls a different lever that shuts the door behind me . newline newline for what seems like hours i walked up and down the countless rows of weapons , all unique , all highly polished , all with plaques underneath them with names and descriptions . some names i ve heard before , others are a complete mystery to me , none of them seem like the kind of thing i d use . at the back of the hall i found a row that was almost completely empty , the alcoves filled with dust and cobwebs from centuries gone by . newline newline in the final alcove i discover an ornate lions head mace , the plaque is crusted over with dust and grime , rubbing at it does nt do much good so i leaned in to give it another go when i accidentally put my hand on the mace . newline newline the room became very dark around me as the mace started to glow as bright as the sun . i remember thinking it was odd that my eyes did nt hurt at the time . when the bright light subsided and the room returned to normal , i noticed the small old man looking at me , concerned . newline newline  that s the mace of negral , the ancient mesopotamian god of plague , war and the sun !  the old man takes a deep breath , to calm himself .  i have worked here for over six thousand years , it s never a good sign when the mace is chosen . if i may give you some advice ? choose your targets carefully and make sure they deserve to die as you can now wield the power of the sun to wipe civilizations off the planet .  newline newline i stared at the grimy mace in my hand , astonished .  can , can i pick again ?  newline newline the old man looks at me with sadness in his eyes .  you do nt get to pick , the mace picked you . i believe the world will wish that were nt true by the end of this .  newline newline what do i do ? this is way too much power for any one person to have ? you have to help me , doc ? what do i do ?  newline newline excerpt from psychiatric evaluation , patient 16475 : conrad  nergal s champion  carteri already did one but why not another !  newline newline we ve been in this dome for as long as we could remember . even our grandparents did nt remember a time outside of dome . through the years of pollution , the once pristine atmosphere of the dome had become dangerous to breath , almost as toxic as the acidic air outside . a single breath would alter our already fragile dna , cause our skin to peel off our bodies , make our brains melt and pour from our ears , according to what we d be taught since grade school . newline newline occasionally , news of  original air cults  would surface . they were groups of defiant citizens that believed that our government was keeping us in this dome to hide some big secret outside on the other side . lunatics . there were nt more than a handful of them and we rarely saw them outside of protests where they d remove their air filter masks and crumble to the ground shortly after . sometimes they would remove innocent strangers  masks . most of the time they just handed out flyers . then they d get quite for a few months or a year . no one cared . newline newline until the day that we all heard them . and then we had to care . some members of the cult had gathered at the base of the dome , near the most populated area of the south side . they wore nothing but their government provided clothing . no filter masks , no yellow plastic suit that the rest of us wore . the cult members had hacked the dome s pa system and were speaking to us . they would be heard , their message would be made clear . we could nt ignore them today . newline newline  today is the great awakening ! today we all become one !   citizens across the state left their homes and looked to the sky , fearing the worst . we did nt know what to expect . all was silent except for the lunatics speaking on the pa system . newline newline  we have attached several bombs to the dome . we are going to be free . everyone ! no longer will we be held under the oppressive thumb of our government ! it is safer out there than it is in here and you know it !  at the mention of the word  bomb  , screams erupted in the streets . seconds later , the dome walls began to vibrate and the apartment complexes and factories that lined the back walls began to crumble . newline newline the thick glass walls came down next . glass shattered around us like the simulated rain we all feared . people outside pressed their filter masks tightly to their faces and screamed . those inside followed safety procedures and covered their windows and doors . no one , not even the original air cult members knew what they had just done to us . five hundred and fiftyfive meters .  newline newline newline  what was that , master sergeant ?  the aircraft crew chief said , looking at me . newline newline newline  nothing , just going over the mission ,  i mumbled back . he would nt understand . newline newline newline four hundred and sixty three .  newline newline newline  how many on the list today ?  the young face said , brimming with naivet .  they just tell the heli crew that there s going to be a drop , but no details ,  he added , as if that warranted asking for classified information . newline newline newline  it s ... more than one ,  i offered . i turned away , only slightly , to give the social cue that i did not wish to speak on this subject . my body language was heartily ignored . newline newline newline  is it true that they re totally emotionless ? i heard their brains were lobotomized so they wo nt get ptsd and shit .  newline newline newline this kid must have been sheltered growing up . maybe he was canadian , and did nt live through things like the burning of the great plains or news every week that another city was destroyed . it was so devastating the first time ... seattle , jewel of the northwest , they called it . an outpouring of support , donations , volunteers . then it was sacramento , and they made  california strong  tshirts . then it was vegas , and it was  we are nevada  on every goddamned bumper . newline newline newline but after san diego , san francisco and fresno happened in one day , there were no more tshirts . or stickers . or goddamned small talk . this kid obviously did nt know or appreciate that . i looked at him up and down , noting his relaxed and unguarded demeanor . he was a u.s. marine and still a fucking civilian . newline newline newline  they are nt emotionless , kid . they are just built to do bigger things than the average guy ,  i said .  it just takes ... more to rattle one of us .  three hundred .  newline newline newline the kid s mouth sort of sprang shut . newline newline newline  wha  he hesitated .  you re one of them ? did i hear that right sarge ?  newline newline newline i got pretty tired of that conversation right then . newline newline newline  it s master sergeant to you , and yes , i was modified in the same program as the adgens . now open my ramp , corporal .  newline newline newline the young soldier glanced at the window next to him and quickly keyed the helicopter ramp controls , causing the ramp to lower . newline newline newline i walked onto the ramp , feeling the wind whip around the sides of the vehicle , and i watched the insertion area below grow closer , then halt . a green light turned on behind me . newline newline newline  suh , uh , sergeant , uhm , master sergeant , we re not landed yet , unless you re gon na chute in ? let me grab you one !  the kid yelled over the sound of the rotors . newline newline newline  do nt need it , corporal . just tell the pilot when i m off ,  i said , eyeing the barren husks of destroyed buildings below , mapping out the likely hiding spots in my mind . newline newline newline  but sergeant , that s almost  newline newline newline  ninetyseven meters .  newline newline newline with that , i sprang off the ramp , having picked my landing location . i had to admit , i looked back for just a moment to see the young man s face as he watched this relic of the past throw himself into the shadows below . newline newline newline his eyes were nt impressed , nor his face smiling . his visage was one of horror . newline newline newline for he had never seen a man with the spirit of death built into his very flesh . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline edit : thanks for the gold . the story was my pleasure , thanks for the prompt and to everyone who read this . time for me to sit back and enjoy a tall glass of reddit success . so what d you figure out ?  sam asked dean as he walked into the diner . newline newline  jack squat , that s what ,  dean replied as he plopped down in an empty chair . newline newline  well i did ,  sam scoffed ,  uh , a lot actually .  newline newline  alright shoot ,  dean said as he waved over a waitress . newline newline  well whatever it is , it only goes out at night . the strange thing is dean , it does nt ever seem to actually kill it s victims ,  sam paused here for a moment . newline newline  but the news reports ?  dean began . newline newline  were mistaken . there are no official police reports stating that he s ever killed anyone .  newline newline  ok so this manbat ,  dean started . newline newline  uh batman ,  sam interrupted . newline newline  whatever , batman , goes out in the middle of the night , and what just beats up random people to a bloody pulp ?  dean asked . newline newline  well that s just it dean . it does nt seem to be random . his targets seem to be , you know , villains .  newline newline  what so he s a good guy then ? some monster decided to fight for the greater good of mankind ? nah i do nt by it .  newline newline  well dean , the more i see the less i m starting to think this is a case .  newline newline  you mean you think this thing is human ?  newline newline  well think about it . none of the victims suggest that there would be any kind supernatural creature involved . no sulfur , no cold spots , hell not even any signs of animal attacks ,  sam explained . newline newline  we ve gone off of less before sam .  newline newline  dean i don ,  newline newline  dammit sammy ,  dean interrupted ,  what else are we supposed to do , huh ? we have no idea where lucifer s sugar momma is , cas is mia looking for her , and god only knows what the hell those british douche weasels are up to . we need something here man , i need something . i m getting stir crazy waiting for something to happen .  newline newline  alright man , i hear you , i hear you . we ll go check it out some more , see what we can figure out . i , uh , was able to figure out the name of the commissioner , so we should go see him first .  newline newline  alright ,  dean began to head towards the exit when he noticed a small smile on sam s face ,  what ?  newline newline  nothing , uh , just , douche weasels ? really ?  he asked holding back a laugh . newline newline  shut up ! a fable : there once was a little black swan that the bigger swans mocked and bit because of his dark feathers . some of the other little swans of all colors wanted to help him , so they asked the big swans to stop  but the big swans were jerks  obviously  , and they started biting other little swans , too , both white and black and everything in between . newline newline so the little swans of every color turned against the big swans . they pissed on the big swans  food , they tricked the big swans into biting each other , and they told the wolf where the big swans sleep . they called it the swan revolution , and they fought with wisdom and courage , and they won . newline newline later , one of the bigger swans gave a big speech about how deplorable it is to harm little black swans , and about how if she was in charge , then no black swan would ever be picked on again . but before she was trying to be put in charge , she hardly ever had said a single word about the rights of the black swans . the little swans saw through her deception , and they elected one of their own to be in charge instead . then they bit her in her tail til she was well and truly sorry . newline newline newline newline tldr : moral : the people will someday retake their rights , and the wise politician will take the populist side now while the fight is still at hand , rather than trying to join in after the fight is won . this ca nt be real . this has to be some sort of tv prank or something , maybe there s cameras around here .  newline newline  nothing on the ceiling just some cracked ceiling titles , maybe i should ve suggested a better restaurant . maybe there s one in that fake bush plant thing in the corner of the room ?  newline newline  eeehhh , it s to far off to the right , she would notice me looking at it . she could be wearing one of those undercover body cameras or something .  newline newline  ah crap she just asked me a question . what was it she was telling me ? something about her childhood trip to the philippines . what was the question ? need something witty to say to cover up the fact that i was nt paying attention .  newline newline  why are you still thinking ? ! say something ! acknowledge her ! !  newline newline  oh thank god , it was a yes or no question .  newline newline  man how long are they gon na take with the food ? it s not like i order a crown lamb roast or something . i ordered a burger , she ordered a pizza , it should nt be taking this long . maybe it just feel like it is .  newline newline  the conversation been pretty one sided too , so that has nt helped . which is weird , for the first twenty minutes , this date was awesome . and well it still kinda is ! i mean in what world does a girl like this go out like a guy like me ! ! ?  newline newline  maybe i m in a low budget , artistic indie movie about the not judging a book by its cover .  newline newline  damn she looks like she s getting bored , i need to refocus . i need to excuse myself , well i do have to go to the bathroom . do nt say that you need to use the john , last thing i need her thinking is that i m some kind of slob or something .  newline newline  hm , this place has a pretty decent bathroom ! nice . man i am dying out there , i was expecting it to be a little awkward since it s my first date . but the reality really is worse than the expectation for me right now .  newline newline  maybe it s cause we had such a good start , yeah that probably it , we hit our stride too early ! i was too funny , too charming , i should ve dialed it back . and now the high is dead and we re just waiting for the food , so we can awkwardly make dinner conversation and finish the date . hell i would nt be surprised if she already left , would nt blame her either .  newline newline  man , why is it so fricking hard to talk to her in person ! ? in the chat room we would talk for hours and still have stuff to say each other the next day ! maybe it was all the shrek memes that i sent to her that kept the conversations fresh .  newline newline  i ca nt let the date go on like this , i have to at least try . she deserves to have good time tonight , if anything i need to show her a good time . not just for the sake of our friendship , but because this might be my only shot at a relationship with someone like her .  newline newline  i mean she s just as nice and sweet and interesting in real life as she was on the internet . and not to be shallow but she looks amazing . she was being very modest when she described herself to me . the hair , those eyes , the way they just pull you in , that butt ! hmmm . hhuh ? did i just , was that last sound audible ? oh god , i just sounded like i was pleasured or something . whoever s in here will probably think i was jerking off .  newline newline  i ve been in the bathroom for awhile , i need to stop monologuing to myself and get out of here before roselyn thinks that i m taking a dump . ugh , that , that would not be a pretty picture for her to have . unless she s into that type of shit . hahaha  shit  , i just made a joke on accident . that would be a good joke to tell at a party , but it d be kinda of hard to set it up . i d have to tell it at like a club or some place with alcohol , that way whoever i tell it to will always find it funny !  newline newline  did i wash my hands ? aw heck , i ca nt remember , better wash them again .  newline newline  use the paper towel to open the do , you did not probably wash your hands twice , just to have those disgusting bactria soil your hands all over again . wow , look at her , she s still here . i still have a hard time wrapping my mind around the fact that she s here on a date with me . maybe in the future when the robopoclyse happens i end up being like a leader or inventor or both that leads the humans to a victory against our robo masters . but the robots had a backup plan where they would send a robot in disguise as a human to the past to kill me , so that way i never lead the humans to they re destruction . i could definitely see her as a robot , no skin problems , reasonably fit , looks naturally beautiful , and when we met outside the restaurant she noticed that tiny piece of string that was on my shirt , fits the bill . it would nt be so bad if she was a robot , i d probably get to second base on the first date . she d probably kill me after i did , but for those few moments i could proudly say that a girl let me go to second base with her on the first date . i wonder if they would be hard . how long have i been standing at the door of bathroom ? aw crap !  newline newline  transformers ... dun dun ... more than meets the eye , transformers ... .. dun dun ! robots in disguiseeeeee ! something , something , destroy the decepticons ! man that theme song was dark .  newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinei finished the coffee with an expressed sigh with no one around to hear . it was another quiet night in my apartments tonight , the family next door had gone upnorth for a funereal and jason , my over weight neighbor , was completing his nightly routine of getting pissed at a local pub . my foul , battered and trusty chair creaked and groaned with age as i leaned back to watch a rerun of friends . the episode where they construct a giant poking device to poke fat ugly naked guy . newline newline  oh yeah , this is a good one  i murmured to myself and no one newline newline after 5 minutes of disinterested watching i began to doze off . my eye lids were slipping down my eyes when i heard a car pull into the drive way of the apartment complex . the complex was nt very big , just the three apartments and the janitors quarters . my first thought was that it was the family next door returning from northern yorkshire or wherever it was they were . but one thing struck me as suspicious  there was no lights from the car peeping through the blinds , and the sound of the engine was nt the slow  putput  of the crappy toyota station wagon , it was the deep purr of a bmw or mercedes . suddenly the purring stopped . the engine had been cut , eliminating the possibility of it just being a car using the drive way to turn around . newline newline i knew exactly what this meant . newline newline i paused the tv and went over to the door , reaching into my waist band for my pistol , and my back pocket for the silencer . after my pistol was assembled i sat down back against the door . if they were anything like the last bunch , they would wait for me to look through the peephole , and as soon as they saw my eye on their end they would shoot . clearly these kids did nt take me seriously . newline newline i waited , i heard two pairs of footsteps step out of the car and walk towards the door . i held my breath . listening . after what felt like forever , i heard one of them put their forehead on the door to look through the peep hole . it was all go . i spun and kicked away from the door , simultaneously sending one , well aimed bullet at the peep hole . there was a the noise of splintering wood , the assassins brain imploding and an outcry from his friend . i aimed at the thin wall where the out cry came from and sent another shot , quickly followed by the thud of his body . i quickly jumped up and sprinted to the door , ripped it open and dragged the bodies inside , closing the door behind me . the two assassins where typical  black and white suits , sunglasses and pistols . i kissed my teeth and murmured  fucking amateurs  whilst searching their pockets . between the two i found 125 and the keys to a bmw . i sprinted out the door , hopped in the car and drove off to another home i had out on lease and had nt been discovered by assassin amateurs . newline newline and during my drive , all i could think about was that episode of  friends  that i never got to finish . i really do like that episode . newline newline  i have nt written anything in a while , but i just discovered this subreddit and will be posting more , thank you if you had a read :   sir , it should be within visual range shortly .  newline newline casper gazed out through the glass . it was thin and he was surprised it was able to house all of the people behind him , all walking about seemingly unperturbed . the clicking of heels against the aluminum floor interrupted his focus momentarily as his eyes adjusted past the blinding light of the sun . the marble moon glistened and twisted as they watched silently . newline newline  there . i see it . there !  his partner shot . newline newline he could make out a pointed figure , much like the tip of a pen begin to pierce into view . just as the engineers predicted its trajectory would be . he felt his heart skip a beat .  get langley .  newline newline  all hands on deck , the object is within view . go alert red ,  casper announced . newline newline the soft blue that bounced and jostled through the observation deck phased red and was accompanied by a low frequency humming . casper watched as the object inched out from the moon as if it were a cautious fox stalking its prey . newline newline  arm missiles !  casper bellowed . newline newline by now the deck was fully staged with brass clad generals and green suited captains standing shoulder to shoulder .  gentlemen ,  casper began .  the fight for our home begins .  newline newline so , brat , what d you end up writing it for ?  newline newline i glance up from my desk . now he has time for me ? he looks bored . but then again , he is a genie . they all probably remain in a constant state of boredom from centuries of sitting in their chosen containers . oh , wait . how long has it been ? i should respond . i wonder ... shrug . newline newline  you .  newline newline ahh ... stillness . like a statue ! or a mosquito larvaeinfested pond . did you know mosquitoes can lay up to  newline newline  what ? ?  he splutters as he processes that oh so deceptively innocent word . what a lovely word , do nt you agree ? it d go very well with that turkey panini in  newline newline  nonononono . no . no . you ca nt just   he breaks off . newline newline rude . he needs to really stop interrupting  newline newline  fame ! riches ! glory ! it can be all yours .  he needs only a look at my unimpressed face .  a  a yacht ? a lover ? a wealthy , handsome , fit lover , yes ? with magnificent hair like that febreeze man hunk ! no wait . fabulous ? fab  fab  fabio ! and   newline newline oooh ...  how deelishusss . newline newline i can almost taste the desperation . newline newline speaking of which , i m getting hungry . and i have work to do . so ... newline newline i cut off his rambles .  you know what ? you re brilliant ! and right . you are absolutely right .  aww ... is that a hope i see ?  i can have all that !  i pause . and my lips quirk up .  and i will . once that blank check you gave me is cashed in at the bank ... which should be in just another business day , according to the goblin . see you around !  here , have a goofy grin . well , i think it s goofy . ca nt tell without a mirror . this should help . i wiggle my fingers near my face for good measure . newline newline as i flounce out the door towards my beckoning panini , i hear a whimpered  oh mercy . the boss is going to kill me  . newline newline heh . you d think the genies would have a workshop or regulations against giving their clients blank wish checks . speaking of blank checks , did you know germany you know when they first built the replicators , everyone thought it was great . it was going to change the world , and boy it has . for starters , we live in a socialist utopia now . everyone has control of the means of production . sure , the old order tried to keep the replicators off the street , but all it took was one idealist . he made a replica of his replicator and once that one worked ... well , that was that . newline newline so now everything s amazing . you want a fresh cup of la colombe in the morning ? you got it . you want a new jetski or a luxury car ? you got it . everything s amazing , nobody s happy . newline newline that s where i come in . i have this storefront , it s just a half dozen cash registers . only two are ever open , and there is always a line . sure , most of the queue are actors , but the marks do nt know that , or maybe they do nt care . it s not hard to find workers for the job , really . mostly younger kids , the kind that are still able to feel bored by unlimited potential . i pay them in experiences . that s the one coin worth anything today  even the best replicator ca nt replicate experience . newline newline the marks come in , stand in line for what must seem like forever in the age of instant , but is really only about 15 minutes . the customer in front of you never has correct change . the customer in front of them always has an expired coupon . i always get a kick out of that one . newline newline then , when you get to the cash register , you tell the perky attendant what you want . and she ll answer the same way every time .  i m sorry , but the thing you were looking for is sold out !  and then they smile , just to really grind it in . newline newline man , people just absolutely lose it . they scream , they curse , they yell . they get to vent all that pent up frustration on somebody . see , some people just ca nt handle perfect . they ca nt deal with the fact that everything outside of their own heads is wonderful , and that maybe they re the one that s screwed up in the dome . newline newline they have their say , they pay the teller , and then the leave . newline newline i help them . i sell disappointment . i m sorry , but the thing you were looking for is sold out .  look , mr. president , i do nt have long here . i need you to help me . the irish are up to horrifying things , the nature of which i can not disclose , that will cause the suffering of billions . i need access to your nuclear weaponry !  newline newline he sighed , rolling his eyes before staring directly at my face . newline newline  okay . newline newline i do nt why you re still here , but let me make it clear . you are a psycho . i do nt care if you have id to let you get in . i think you are insane , and i am dissappointed that my servicemen let you in . in fact , i   newline newline  with all due respect , mr. president , i will ask you to dismiss your servicemen . i will show you exactly what we are talking about here .  newline newline he contemplated it for a while before nodding to his servicemen . they filed out of the room silently . newline newline  now show me .  newline newline i felt around for a small electronic device before holding it out in my palm . it projected an image above it , to which the president gasped loudly . newline newline  this ... .this is not real , is it ? how is this possible ?  newline newline i silently swiped through each picture , the president s eyes widening with each one . newline newline  and that is why the irish are not to be trusted ,  i said . newline newline he just stood , shocked . he eventually blinked and turned straight to me , before asking ,  how many potatoes would it take to construct this ? and how long ?  newline newline  sixty thousand and nine hundred potatoes , and from this moment ,  i looked down to my watch ,  fifteen days , three hours and fortythree minutes .  newline newline  you may take what you need .  newline i m sorry , say what ?  we had been matching each other s stories , compliments , forksfull of food , and yes even in wine consumption . newline newline i had thought everything was going well . i glanced around the restaurant . from our vantage point in the middle of the wall farthest from the entrance , there were nt enough people nearby to overhear our conversation . there also were nt any obvious places in which cameras could be hidden .  then again ...  my brain decided to go with it and ask questions . newline newline  i m you . from another universe . except , well ,  and she hefted her hands demurely just below her bustline . pink colored her cheeks , and i guessed it was because she could nt think of any better way to demonstrate her femininity . newline newline my brain chewed on that rerevelation for a few breaths as i took another sip of my wine , matching her own motions . newline newline i watched as she picked up the glass . she held it the way i did  thumb , forefinger tight to the bottom of the glass , middle finger towards the center of the stem , ring finger against the bottom of the stem near the foot . the only difference was her pinky , elevated and pointing , where mine was curved in towards my palm . newline newline milk chocolate orbs stared at me through the distortions of the glass , taking in my own motions . we both swallowed , set the glasses down just so , and adjusted our sitting positions . slight raising of the body , a scooch back to stop from sliding off the seat . the soft exhalation of breath as blood flowed back into the buttocks . newline newline  i know i ve said this before ,  i started slowly ,  but you re quite lovely .  newline newline she twisted her head in such a way that was a combination of  to the side and forward  , which i know i ve done before .  thanks .  i noticed there was no return compliment , but a flicker of sadness washed across her features . newline newline  so ... if you re me , and i m you , how is it that you ended up female instead of male ?  newline newline confusion sparked in her eyes , coupled with what looked like relief .  on my version of earth , a genetic disease not unlike your hiv swept across the world about 39 years ago . it is called ynm , short for ychromosome no more  . long story short , all men became unable to reproduce . children are produced in another way , and due to that method , all children born since have been female .  newline newline i pondered this as i took another few bites of my chicken piccatta .  given the random nature of reproduction ,  i began ,  i would think it nearly impossible for our dna to be such a close match .  newline newline  oh , you re right ,  she agreed , setting down her fork to pull apart another of the wonderful sourdough rolls .  it was managed , though . the man who is our father , and the woman who is our mother , both contributed dna , and the recombination process took effect at just the right time with the right gene sequence and  her hands came up and , in a little  explosion  motion , indicated her smiling face .  here i am .  newline newline  if that s the case then ,  still trying to figure out if she had an angle or an ulterior motive ,  how did you come to be here , and why are we having dinner at applejack s italian ? not that i mind the company , or the date really , as i m sure you know it s been three years since my last , but ... why the coy disguises ? why not just be honest ? you of all people in the ... universes ? i guess i could say , should understand that i d appreciate that .  newline newline  well ...  she started , fiddling with her napkin , wiping off an idle drop of spiced oil ,  let me address your questions in reverse .  she looked at me , questioning hope in her eyes . maybe she thought she was going to get what ever it was for which she d come ? newline newline for that matter , why was i even suspicious of all this ? perhaps it was just far too strange . newline newline  the subterfuge is because you re not the first of us that i ve visited . there have been three hundred thirty one other encounters .  my shock must have been evident in the clatter of my salad fork to the table but she held up a hand to forestall any questions or comments that started to percolate in my brain .  at the time that begun searching using random dimensional insertions , we did nt know where wed i d end up . so we wer i was trained to go right to some sort of internetanalogue , search for you , find you , and make contact . some of those contacts ... did nt go well .  i noticed that she kept using pluralwe , not royalwe . newline newline  i know you ve read the alternate universe fiction . seen the tv shows and movies . you said so on your website .  she winked .  nice poems by the way .  clearing her throat behind a sip of the fresh water that had just been poured , she continued .  some of us did nt have the nearly identical genetic code ... i m getting ahead of myself just yet . some of us were not nice people . there were a few psychopaths . some of us had , i m sorry to say , passed away at different times of our life . but the overarching thing that we d found is that i was the only female . something in our parents  genetic makeup absolutely ensures that , at the time of conception , if it occurred at just the right time , the first baby would be male .  newline newline  but i have a sister ,  i interjected . newline newline  yes , but you always would have had a sister . it may not have been exactly the same cathy that you know  i ve seen some where she ends up blonde , or with blue eyes instead of brown , or even as twins  and mom just loved that  but again , because it occurred when it did , she always came out . you always came out first .  newline newline she was taking the last bites of her salad and fiddling with the remains of her grilled kangaroo .  i m skipping ahead a little but right now we do nt have time . i am here because , on my earth , we discovered that there are a handful of , not necessarily pure , but definitely strong , genetic strains that run through different regions of the world . we hold one , even though we were born in america , from italian and polish ancestries . when we discovered that we could see into , and eventually travel to alternate universes to try to gather some individuals who might help us repair the damage done by the ynm virus . this is most easily accomplished by training and sending one of that bloodline . and we re here tonight in applejack s because we do nt have them on my earth . australianitalian just is nt a combination in our cuisine  actually on most earths it is nt .  newline newline grinning , she placed the last bite of grilled kangaroo in her mouth and chewed it slowly . once she swallowed , she whispered lowly ,  and it s a damn good combination .  newline newline  so three hundred thirty one trips , huh ,  i prompted . newline newline sipping her water , she nodded .  it s taken me the better part of six years to find you .  newline newline  and you re not using the royal  we  , you actually sound like there s more of you ?  newline newline  no others of me searching for you , if that s what you mean . but there are a handful of other genetic travelers who are searching for their closest genetic relative . i m one of the longesttraveled .  her eyes got a faraway look as sadness , horror , and revulsion flashed across them . after only a couple heartbeats though , she refocused on me . newline newline  since dinner s almost done ,  i started as the check was dropped at our table ,  you should probably tell me what it is you plan to do with me , so long as it does nt involve killing me . because i ve enjoyed spending tonight with you .  newline newline shock colored her response as she said ,  no no , nothing extreme like that . but we will need to stop back at my place for a bit ...  her gaze searched mine as if she was expecting me to say something ,  as i need to get rid of this buzz , and so do you .  newline newline nodding , i slid my thumb across the check scanner . retrieving the napkin from my lap , i placed it next to my empty plate before standing at the end of the booth . reaching out my hand to her , i helped her from her seat .  thank you !  were her cheeks pinkening from embarrassment or enjoyment ? this has been such a weird date .harry gaped around him , taking in the sights . the castle loomed large in front of him , and in the far distance he could hear the hogwarts express let loose it s steam whistle , before chugging off down the tracks . harry lurched to the side as the little rowboat bobbed up and down , powered by magic as it drove onward through the night . many minutes later , the boat pulled up along side a cobblestone dock . harry clambered out , following the other firstyears . newline newline painted on the dock in long rows were the yellow shapes of feet . harry noticed that his classmates were hurrying to stand on the outlines , so he did likewise . the night became deathly silent as all chatter ceased . harry gulped hard , wondering what was coming next . newline newline  i am rubeus hagrid , your senior drill instructor !  bellowed a literal giant of a man , marching up and down the line of assembled youth . newline newline  it is my job to mold you sorry lot into something useful , and you are the sorriest lot to ever , ever , step foot here .  newline newline hagrid paused in front of harry , glaring with those hard , black , beetle like eyes . harry was so desperately confused . he needed to call out to hagrid before he moved on and explain what was happening . newline newline  hagrid , i  harry started . newline newline hagrid swiveled , eyes bugging as he bore down on harry , stopping just an inch in front of his face . hagrid s foul breath blasted harry like an open oven door as he began to scream . newline newline  the fuck you just call me , maggot ? get on the floor orphan boy , before i snuff out your family name completely !  newline newline harry sat down on the cold stones , confused . hagrid had seemed like such a nice man . certainly nicer than the dursely s . it had been the best day of his life when hagrid barged into the cabininthesea and told him about how he could have a new life , away from uncle vernon and aunt petunia and the loathsome dudley . the whole experience had been magical . so why was he yelling at him ? newline newline  are you for fucking real , potter ? ! pushups . now !  until i get tired .  newline newline harry did pushups while hagrid bellowed at the others . his little arms pushed up and down until tears streamed down his face . eventually he collapsed , his arms refusing to do any more . hagrid rolled harry over with the point of his boot , his face livid . newline newline  i never thought hogwarts would be like this !  harry cried out . newline newline  hogwarts ! ? this here is  lympstone   https : en.wikipedia.orgwikicommandotrainingcentreroyalmarines  , home of the royal marines ! we do nt train nambypamby wand wavers here ! so you better get used to it !good morning olympus mons !  ares media . 11 jan. 2100 . television . newline newline xiao : newline newline so tell us professor baptiste , why chose julian moss as the subject of your new biography ,  julian moss : heart of the republic  ? of all the founders you could have written about  catherine lafrentz say , or even stannislav kolar , why chose the one founder who  s been largely regarded as just another esig on the casius accords ? newline newline professor baptiste newline newline well xiao , most people don  t know how much moss actually contributed to the initial independence movement . while lafrentz was the one who eventually led the republic to victory against terran oppression , there would have been no initial uprising without julian moss . the founders were great women and men , no doubt , brilliant scientists and leaders , but moss was brilliant in his own way newline newline xiao newline newline professor , please ! the man won his berth from a soda can ! newline newline  newline baptiste , lenora m. , dr .  5 .  julian moss : heart of the republic .  tharsis : red rock , 2100 . 12027 . print . newline newline there has always been a large urge to dismiss moss . every other founder was chosen from a pool of the most gifted scientists and engineers that the world could offer . when the news first broke that a cola company would be running a promotion to send someone to mars , no one quite believed it . that the winner turned out to be a dumpy , unemployed history major from toledo , ohio made it impossible . no one thought that moss would actually go . he was too old , to fat . he lacked any training . he would be a liability . newline newline it was moss  s good will , his enthusiasm and his courage that won the public over . he was going to represent them . there  s a picture of moss . he is suited up , half stepping , half stumbling up the ramp to the nurgle vi . he is waving to the camera , a gigantic grin on his face . if you ask , most of the second wave , and most of the third as well will tell you that that picture , not the shot of kolar astride olympus , not the one of coe  s first steps on the tharsis plain , was the picture that inspired them , that moved them to leave everything behind and start new on an alien planet . newlineit was nt as big a deal as you d think . i mean , sure , it was cool finding out that there really are an infinite number of parallel universes , but was nt like we could go to them , or even communicate . it was just a neat piece of trivia . newline newline then i got the letter , addressed to  myself ... sort of  . i tore open the envelope to find the following message : newline newline  if you send this letter to ten parallel versions of yourself you ll meet the boy of your dreams and live happily ever after . if you do nt by next tuesday a horrible curse will fall on you ! newline newline apparently some me , somewhere is an idiot .i stand behind the counter , working on my inventory ledger like i do every whelsday night when a mountain of a man stepped through the door , the winter s chill followed him in . newline newline  i m sinep the nut , and i have come to try and barter with you . i need some dragon grease to polish my blade .  the brute said as he stepped forward , a large leather sack slung over his shoulder . newline newline i set down my quill and look at sinep .  wouldnt you prefer a nice fur armor or some leather pants ? surly that loincloth isnt much to keep you warm .  newline newline  what are you talking about ? these are pants .  newline newline that was when i realized that the loincloth was actually just the tattered remains of some pants .  very well then , dragon grease is very hard to aquire . as you must know , it can only be scraped from the pitscales of a living elder dragon . i happen to have some , but it is very expensive . what do you have to offer ?  newline newline the giant stepped foward and dropped his bag on the counter . it landed with a dull plop .  i have 1000 of the rarest goblin eggs .  newline newline i scoffed at him .  goblins do not lay eggs . what are you trying to pull ?  i open the sack and i am slamed by a pungent stink . i look inside and see several hundred moist grapesized hunks of meat ... goblin testicles . i stare at sinep , mouth agape . newline newline  i never said they lay the eggs . now , how much will you give me for the jewels of the goblin warrens ?  newline newline newline  nothing they are worthless , what do you expect me to do with a sack full of goblin nuts ?  newline newline newline  well , then my next offer is two shopkeeper eggs ... take it or leave it .  newline newline i quickly hand over the jar of dragon grease , and put it into sinep s massive hand . he empties his sack of goblin gonads on my counter and strolls out into the night . newlinei sat down in front of the television , and turned it on , hoping to find a way to distract myself from the utter disaster that had befallen me . before the change , i was a straight guy , and that was how i liked it . i had plans , i was going to marry a certain beauty from my hometown , settle down in florida with six figures and have kids , then grandkids . then the change happened , and while my body changed , my brain ? not so much . i still liked women , and they still liked me , so while my romantic prospects were great , i guess that s it for grandkids . newline newline as i flipped through the channels , my face broke into a grin , and i chuckled as i thought ,  i wonder how anita sarkeesian is taking this ? jack valentine tripped as he ran across the yard , sending his felt fedora rolling across the grass . he gripped his stubbed toe with both hands .  ow ow ow ow.  newline newline kenny asper jumped over his fallen nemesis and dashed into the goal area .  goooooaaaaalllll !  he laughed and did a dance . newline newline jack pulled himself over to the object that had tripped him . it was shiny , like chrome , and angular . he pulled at it , but it was stuck firmly in place . newline newline  what  s that ,  kenny asked as he approached . newline newline  newline newline two hours later they had unearthed most of a shining metal robot . it was larger than jack  s dad . its left arm ended in what was definitely a gun of some sort . newline newline  do you think it has an on switch ?  kenny asked with an evil gleam in his eyes . newline newline  uhhh ...  jack hesitated . something about the automaton made him shiver . newline newline just then , jack  s father pulled into the driveway . he was still wearing his lab coat as he emerged from his car . he probably wouldn  t have noticed what was going on in the yard if the light hadn  t glinted brightly off the robot  s metal skin . newline newline  oh !  he said .  right.  newline newline  we found this in the grass ,  jack tried to explain . newline newline  yes , yes.  his father approached with a thoughtful look on his face .  he was too heavy ... when his battery died . always intended to dig him up again ...  newline newline  him ?  newline newline  well , son , meet your older brother.  he smiled broadly .  i  ll go get the jumper cables ! this will be my first and only journal entry . i ve known better than keep this sort of thing written down . but now that it s all about to happen , i feel like i need to leave my story . in case things do nt go my way . at least then my legacy will be one of calculation and years of effort , not mere impulse like some other presidential hopefuls . newline newline i do nt come from money , so mercenaries are nt an option . i ve never had the opportunity to be a war hero like grant or roosevelt , so i ca nt march an army into the white house . and the popular uprisings that men like kennedy and reagan rode into office seem impossible in today s climate . so i choose to work alone rather than risk a conspiracy . newline newline i realized during my time in the army that i was in that minority of people able to fool a polygraph . for the sake of brevity i ll skip the details  suffice to say an inconsequential lie that would have landed me in a very manageable amount of trouble went unnoticed . over a few years , it became apparent that i could lie at will without being detected . it was then that i had the first notion that i had a shot at the presidency . i resolved then and there to never voice strong political opinions . newline newline prior to this realization , i d been coasting through my service . i just wanted the benefits of being a veteran . i decided to get a counselor so that i could go on record as admitting that i had motivation problem and give justification for my improvements . six months later i was winning commendations . i left the service with a stellar reputation and went to work for the fbi . my experience in afghanistan and my service record made me an obvious choice for antiterrorism . i wanted the job because it would put me interacting with the secret service on a regular basis . this job was all about networking . newline newline it took me five years to finally get the break i needed . i was the sac when that 16man cell was taken down in dc just hours before they were due to launch an attack on the white house . the service reached out to me after that . they re careful about their recruiting , and anyone eager to join is passed over . i negotiated higher salaries and made a show of taking three months to wrap up my duties at the fbi . newline newline in my first few months , i only saw the president briefly . and i m fairly certain the handful of  chance  encounters in the halls were carefully scripted to test my reactions to having a shot at an assassination . meanwhile i spent my time getting to know the various people who really held power in the service : the cooks , the quartermasters , the janitors . they knew things no one else knew and i learned a lot in those days . newline newline i must have passed muster , because i was told a month ago that i was due to be assigned to  the detail  , the group of men directly guarding the president . this brings me up to last night . newline newline i ve acquired the means to access quite a lot in the past few months . copied keys , duplicated access cards , even a recorded voice authorization . when i meet the president again today , i will be the only man in the room with a working sidearm . i m probably going to have to shoot them all . ca nt have anyone trying to upstage me before i even get to sit in the chair . as for what happens after ... either you already know , or this is my suicide note .two men took a stroll through the town they used to know . the town was not as it was , not the same town these two grew to love oer the years . cracked and worn paint still clung to the wall where they spent their youth and cold grey light shone in the old park . it was not like the warm sun filled days of their youth . it did not have the bright blue paint on the wall , or the fresh green grass that lead to the park . newline newline  this is ... ..  one man said . newline newline  bad  the next man said with a snap .  i ca nt think of how this could have took place . this place has no park , no balls , no hoops , not a thing for kids  newline he cast his head down and felt a heat rise in him . how did his home get this way ? newline newline as the two men thought of the past and what fun they used to have through moist eyes a scream broke their trance . four kids age eight to twelve ran through the parched field towards the swings . smiles and laughs were all that came from the kids area . the burnt grass or the worn paint did not stop these kids from their fun . they did not need balls to play tag , they did not need hoops for joy  they just need one more kid to run with . newline newline the two men smiled for the first time that day as the clouds broke .24 years , 24 days , what is time ? newline john thought to himself while laying on the couch  what should i spend my last hours doing ?  newline being the efficient and productive person he always was , he stood up . newline walked to the kitchen . newline wrapped his shaking hand around the handle of a knife . newline placed the sharp serated edges of the mirrored blade against his neck . newline and sliced through his major arteries and blood veins . newline he felt no pain nor remorse in his actions . newline however , across his mind game a tingling sprinkle of satisfaction . newline as his face drained white , a smile came to his face . newline as one last thought , was spoken by the little narrarator in our brain . newline  what is the point of life ? if we are to die one day ? or is  life  our own invention to give ourselves a purpose ?  newline no one will ever know the anwser . newline the anwser to life , and the anwser to why john , killed himself , on a foggy october night .first post , please be gentle , all feedback appreciated ! newline newline loitering is nt an easy thing to get rich from , but i was determined . ever since i was a boy , i had dreamt of money , cars and fame . i spent my childhood thinking of ways to get rich , and trying them out . it did nt work out . but it all changed one night , when i was 29 years old . my good friend tim has the antilaw of robbery , and he got an idea  i could case targets and be a lookout for him , and i would get a cut . tim was nt an ordinary robber who robbed corner stores , no , he had taken part of several heists  a heist falls under robbery , right ?  on banks and jewelry stores all across the country , and he and his team of heisters was very well known . newline newline so i stood outside banks and jewelry stores for a living , and i was rich . life was good . one day i was standing outside a bank , casing it , when i noticed a suspicious fellow having a smoke , a few meters down the street . he was older than me , tall and muscular and he was wearing a beanie . i brushed it off as a guy just enjoying his smoke and left . my job was done . a few days later , the heist was ready to go . before they could start , i had to get in position . when i arrived outside the bank , i noticed something . the same guy that i saw outside the bank a few days before was there , with the same beanie too . he noticed me too . we looked at each other for a few seconds , before i signalled tim and the others that the coast was clear . after that was done , i looked over at beanie , and he was signalling to a van that was parked down the street . that was when i realized what was happening . i tried to warn tim , but it was too late . they met by the door . they had reacted before us . one of them opened fire . i watched in shock as a saw my friends and colleagues getting mowed down by an assault rifle . after they all were lying on the ground , he turned to me , and everything went black . newline newline when i woke up in the hospital , the first thing i did was ask the police officers if anyone else survived . i was the only survivor . after that , i donated all my money to charity , and started a normal life . now i work as a police officer , trying to catch people who did the exact same thing i did . you might think that the moral of the story is that crime doesnt pay . but it does . crime pays good , but it is very risky . so if you are going to be a criminal , do it right .i did my best to get out of bed without waking her . i guess you could say it was a habit from past relationships , because she does nt sleep . every night , i go to sleep and she just lays there , staring up at the ceiling , never blinking . i wake up and she s still staring at the ceiling , unflinching , the smallest of smirks typically frozen on her face . newline newline she stopped pretending to sleep to make me feel comfortable years ago . i do nt know what she does to occupy her mind during those hours while i slip into unconsciousness , but assuming i d even be able to comprehend it , i m quite frankly too scared to ask . newline newline so , as usual , i gently and quietly get out of bed , doing my best not to look at my wife s soulless , aimless gaze . even after all these years , something about it is just unnerving . despite the fact that i know as well as she does that she is indeed awake , she acts as though i m doing a good job of not waking her . she enjoys humoring me like that , i think . although she is the manifestation of every ancient legend and tale of fear and terror , there s a certain sweetness to her that i love . newline newline after walking into the kitchen , i got to work preparing our breakfast . truth be told , food for her was no different than sleep . she did nt need to eat . at least , she did nt need to eat what you and i would consider  food .  and again , just like her attitude towards sleeping , she would often eat typical food just to make me feel comfortable  to further cement the illusion that she s just another person . newline newline but she is nt . newline newline as soon as the smell of eggs and bacon began filling the house , i heard her footsteps coming down the stairs . for anyone else on earth , that sound would induce unimaginable fear  the audible cue of pure horror slowly creeping its way towards you . but not for me . on the contrary , the sound brought a smile to my face . newline newline she walks up behind me and wraps her arms around my waist in a soft embrace , resting her head on my back . newline newline  good morning , baby ,  she says .  smells wonderful ,  she continues , after making some exaggerated sniffs . newline newline she walks over to my right and pours herself a cup of coffee . she does nt sleep , so i never quite understood why someone who does nt need sleep would need something like coffee to get them up and going in the morning . just like all of her other  human ,  tendencies , however , i just assume that it s her way of making me feel comfortable . newline newline she sits down at the kitchen table and pulls out a cigarette as i turn around to put a plate in front of her . she snaps her fingers as a small flame erupts from the tip of her thumb . she lights her cigarette and exhales her first drag , her eyes locked with mine . a part of me hates it when she does that . sometimes i am powerless to look away . whether or not i can is entirely in her control , and i never know if i ll be able to unless i try . the first time she made me stare into the beautiful abyss of her gaze , i saw the sun rise and set twice in my peripheral vision before she finally let me go . newline newline i turned back towards the kitchen counter to fix another plate . that s when she asked in a soothing , somewhat suggestive tone , newline newline  do you know what day it is , baby ?  newline newline i froze where i was . my heart sank . newline newline i did nt know what day it is .  newline newline i did my best to play it off as confidently as possible . without turning around , i replied ,  of course i do , honey .  newline newline i fixed my plate and sat down at the table across from her . she was still smiling at me , still staring . she had nt touched her food . i returned her smile as i dug into my breakfast . newline newline  what day is it ?  she asked . newline newline a split second of confusion seemed to last for years before it finally hit me . newline newline  our anniversary , of course ,  i finally said with a grin .  six great years .  newline newline  six ?   she said , quickly followed by an amused chuckle .  six years . of course . whatever you say , sweetie .  newline newline i hated it when talked like that , as though she knew something i did nt . i knew better than to pry further when she took that tone . no sense in annoying her . newline newline she took another drag of her cigarette and slowly exhaled the smoke . newline newline  you re lying ,  she suddenly said . her shift in tone almost made me drop my silverware as i began to cough up a mouthful of food . newline newline i did nt want to look at her , but i knew i had no choice . my eyes looked up towards her . i was greeted not by her seductive smile or deceiving eyes , but a look of pure rage and resentment . it was subtle and restrained , but i knew her perhaps as well as she knew me . and that s saying something . newline newline   you re lying !   she repeated , this time her voice gradually rising to a scream .  you forgot ! you did nt make any special plans ! no dinner reservations ! no concert ! no show at all ! not even a movie !  newline newline she began to speak as though she was speaking with two voices simultaneously . she used to frighten me when she acted in this way . she still does to an extent , but i had since developed a sort of tolerance to it . i knew what was coming , and i knew i would have to weather this storm . newline newline see , she is nt the only one in this marriage who frequently humors the significant other in order to instill a sense of comfort . i had started doing the same thing years ago , and as far as i could ever tell , i was far more convincing than she was . by the time we had been married for a year , i had seen all of her tricks . i had seen all of the things that had terrorized mankind for generations  things nightmares are made of . newline newline and every time , i came out okay . sure , she could make those things more real whenever she wanted . she could torture me , imprison me , kill me . i could nt stop her . nothing could . newline newline but she loved me as much as i loved her . it had become apparent that it was all just a show  a threat to remind me who is really in charge . and out of my own selfinterest as well as my love for her , i would always play along . i d act as scared and horrified as i did the first time . that s what she wanted . that s what made her feel comfortable . deep down , however , i knew she loved me too much to actually act on any of those threats . newline newline without warning , i felt as though i was falling  plummeting into an abyss with no end as towers of flames erupted and surrounded me . my beautiful wife s eyes had turned blood red as she began to float above me , her long , black hair seeming to flow in wind that was nt actually there . we were nt in our house anymore , but i had lost count of how many times she had brought me to this place . newline newline   liar ! liar ! liar ! liar ! liar ! liar !   she screamed .   you forgot ! you motherfucker , you forgot ! how could you ! do i mean nothing to you ? ! do you not care about us ? !   newline newline  baby , please !  i managed to say , though trying to talk over her deafening screams was nearly impossible . i had at least grown accustomed to speaking while feeling as though i was constantly falling from an unimaginable height . that one took a couple of years to adjust to . newline newline   baby , baby , baby , baby , baby !   she echoed sarcastically .   no ! no ! no ! not this time ! this time you will learn your fucking lesson !   newline newline i m sure any other human being on the planet would be shitting and pissing themselves with fear at this point . i , however , was just sighing to myself , doing my best to be subtle enough that she would nt notice how exasperated the whole charade had made me . i had to play the part . newline newline  let me finish !  i continued .  please !  newline newline as if on cue , a sound managed to penetrate whatever hellish dimension she had dragged us to . it was the unmistakable ring of a cell phone . my cell phone . newline newline without another word , i was suddenly back in my seat at the kitchen table , silverware still in hand . my wife was still glaring at me , her eyes glowing red ever so faintly . i took a moment to gather myself , then stood up and grabbed my phone from the kitchen counter . it was my coworker , greg . i knew i had to improvise . newline newline  hello ?  i said , trying to be as nonchalant as i could . newline newline  hey man , can you cover for me at work tomorrow ?  greg asked . newline newline  oh , so you do have some open reservations for tonight ,  i replied , taking a brief glance back at my wife . her eyes had returned to normal , at least . newline newline  um , what ?  greg inquired , confused . newline newline  excellent ,  i continued .  i need a table for two at 8:00 tonight .  newline newline i glanced back at my wife yet again . a smile had returned to her face . newline newline  ah , the wife , huh ?  greg said , finally catching on .  i get it . say what you need to say and call me back when you can get away for a minute .  newline newline  okay ... okay , great . sounds good . we ll be there . thank you .  newline newline i hung up the phone and turned around to find my wife standing right behind me , an enormous smile shining across her face . she was unspeakably beautiful . she placed her hand on my cheek and brought me in for a kiss . newline newline  i love you ,  she said . newline newline  i love you too .  newline newline newline newline let the kids watch . they ll have to do it one day .  and just like that , i had witnessed my first death . my father had just blown off the head of what i believed to be my best friend with a 12gauge . i know i m not supposed to be sad , stephen was a traitor to the lord of the land after all , but he was the only one who ever talked to me . due to my status of lad of the land , no one was allowed to talk to me unless on formal business , and no one ever had business with me . but , i was nt allowed to look away , so i watched and tried to enjoy the show . it was nt difficult , my dad always manages to put on quite a show , the execution is just the first part . after he blew off stephen s head , my father slid down his trousers causing his fully erect 8 inch cock to spring out . i was a little disappointed that he had nt taken off his shirt to show off his rippling six pack , but i suppose his toned legs would have to do . my father then gingerly picked up stephen s body , positioning his neck right at level with my dad s cock . he started to press the tip against the gaping wound causing more blood to spurt out . my dad took advantage of this , rubbing the blood on his penis to use as lube . slowly , my dad s dick disappeared into stephen s neck . my father softly moans as stephen pleasures my dad from beyond the dead . my dad slowly picks up speed as stephen s body begins to ragdoll from the amount of power that dad puts into each thrust , for he is passionate about his duties . my dad becomes a blur as he approaches the sound barrier . there s a boom as everyone watching is thrown back , yet my dad is still going to poundtown on stephen s neck hole . i m lying on my back marveling at this strange sight , i had no idea that my dad was so skilled . a pained expression comes over my dad as he exclaims  i m about to come , prepare yourselves !  i take cover behind the others watching this spectacle , peering out from over their shoulders . my father gives three more thrusts before letting out a primal cry and ejaculating like a water hose . this proves too much for poor dead stephen as he explodes from the amount of liquid entering his lungs and stomach . bits of stephen and semen fly through the air heavily coating the crowd . ladies moan and try to catch the semen rain in their mouth . men weep as they re pelted with liquid shame . my dad , quickly grabs his electric guitar before the sex storm ends and everyone joins into a totally badass rendition of fa who dores from that grinch movie . my dad , seeing my pride , hands me his guitar and i rip a totally sick ass solo . everyone cheers as the storm ends . i was no longer sad , for i was to be the sexecutioner , and for that , i was grateful .for the love of god , do nt panic . newline newline it is my mantra , my prayer , my hail mary pass as my footsteps echo far too loudly on the still stone floor . the interior of mount moon glows with a soft inner light , something no one has been able to categorize . it was just ... there . just like them . newline newline i can hear the soft rustling in the caverns , the near inaudible screeches of the zubat . it s one of the softest , calmest sounds i ve ever heard and i nearly wet myself thinking about it . newline newline beedrill swarm ? easy peasy . just back off and leave them bee and they wo nt even bother you . all that media talk of swarms pursuing people thousands of miles is basically crap . unless you just stole the new queen kakuna , you ll be fine . newline newline the roar of brock s onix ? please , i spend that entire fight in a sealed box watching my bulbasaur s leech seeds crack it s  impenetrable  skin and bleed it dry . newline newline zubat though ? they ll latch on to anything with body heat and a pulse . no letting go until the coloney has gorged itself on your blood . never know when something vulnerable and meaty will come wandering by again . and unlike a clefairy i do nt have magical savant fairy powers to get me out of it . right now my hopes rest on my repel staying strong and my pulse staying steady . one step at a time . for the love of god , do nt panic . newline newline the rustling changes . some of the zubat seem to be moving , dropping from the walls and swooping around the cavern . i stop and take stock . i do nt see any obvious other prey for them . for the love of god , do nt panic . newline newline a quick sniff nearly sends my pulse skyrocketing . for the love of god , do nt panic . slowly , calmly , i get out my can of repel and press the lid , eyes closed to avoid getting any in them . newline newline nothing comes out . newline newline for the love of god , do nt panic . newline newline i break into a run towards what i hope will be the exit , pulse hammering in my ears . newline newline the deafening sound of a thousand wings follows after me . euston we have a problem  the radio crackled over a familiar sounding voice to jason who was sat aboard isv vi  international space vessel 6  . the isv s were a group of space vessels housing at least 5 humans per vessels tasked with collecting research and data from every planet in the solar system , including their moons . the isv vi , one of the 30 vessels , and its crew have been tasked with collecting and sampling data from europa , one of jupiters many moons . newline newline jason was lounged back in his easy chair 5000 sipping on his morning coffee , at least he thought it was morning . their sense of time had become less and less the further away from earth they had traveled , 7 years 5 months and 2 days now . not accounting for any discrepancies of course . newline newline  shut up jim  jason spoke back into the radio . newline newline  i ve always wanted to say that  a joyous laugh followed from jim s radio transmission . jason sighed and rubbed his eyes together . newline newline  it s too early for your jokes jim , what s the problem ?  newline newline  too early ? i ve been stuck on this god forsaken ice rock for 3 days now . you guys better be ready to pick me up on the morrow  jim was bouncing around on europa , his grav boots doing most of the work to keep him on the ground . newline  got ta get those pictures and take them home to nasa , do nt wan na disappoint the big boys now  newline newline  jim ? what s the god damn problem !  jason had been on standby waiting on jim s orders , why oh why they made him team leader only nasa knows . newline newline  what ? oh yeah that , the exhaust on my rover got bent and i ca nt seem to repair it . appears to be irreparable on site , send the bot over with a replacement i ll see what i can do  jim sighed , his damn rover had cut out 2 miles from his data site and the only way of getting there and back to the shuttle would be if this new exhaust fit in without any problems , if the damn bot did nt malfunction on its way over . newline newline  alright its on its way , see if you can collect anything while you wait , it s gon na be a while  newline newline  how longs a while ?  jim looked up at jupiter , the entire planet fit in his entire view , earth is gon na look damn unimpressive when they return . newline newline  oh i do nt know ... 1 hour ? maybe 2 ... i might give it a detour , some nasty looking rocks between you and the bot  jim heard a cackle over his receiver , damn bastard was teasing him . newline newline  just ... get it here ok ? i m gon na go explore  newline newline  what ? ! like hell you are stay your god damn ass right there  newline newline  do nt worry , i m gon na leash myself to the rover sheesh , you think im stupid ?  newline newline  leash ? you know how cold it is on that moon ? the ropes gon na shatter within minutes  jason was becoming increasingly aggravated , the damn son of a bitch never listened . newline newline  i know i know , i wo nt be gone long  the radio cut off . newline newline  jim ? jim ! jim you asshole turn your radio back on god dammit !  silence . jason rolled over to the scanner screen and watched jim s green dot , it was slowly moving away from the blue dot that marked where the rover was .  there s nothing but ice out there you crazy bastard ... gon na get yourself killed  jason muttered to himself shaking his head . jim would be fine but when you re hundreds of thousands of miles away from earth on an ice moon by yourself you do nt just wonder off , it was suicidal . newline newline jim bounced along , sometimes he would let the gravity take him further and further into the void , before letting his grav boots bring him back down to earth ... europa . he bent down to pick up some blue liquid he had never seen before and cupped some back into a test tube , it floated around in the tube in globules which he watched intently when something caught his eye . in the distance he saw a hill , there were plenty of hills on europa but this one caught his eye due to the fact it had a big hole in it . he made his way over there and turned his radio back on . newline newline  hey jason , i found something ... it s a cave or something , does nt seem natural its too ... tidy  newline newline  jim ? ! what ? we do nt have time for this jim get your ass back to the rover and wait for that damn robot , how much oxygen you got left anyway ?  jason s message board started beeping at him which he promptly rolled over to and opened . newline newline  enough , its not that far i just want to take a look , the tether still has 64  strength in it it ll hold  newline newline  jim , listen ... you remember that probe they sent out hundreds of years ago ? the one thats just been hovering around jupiter not really doing much ?  newline newline  er ... yeah ?  jim could nt remember the name of it , but it had been there for a long time now to the point that humanity had pretty much forgotten about it and just let it drift , they had come along too far technology wise to let it matter anymore . newline newline  well , i think it crashed ... on jupiter  newline newline  and ?  newline newline  and theres a message ... from the satellite  newline newline  a message ? what s it say ?  jason rolled his eyes , how could jim not show any signs of excitement or ask a different question first ? newline newline  it s pretty scrambled ... seems to be in english ... huh  newline newline  well , while thats descrambling i m gon na head over to this ice cave and see what its about , i m almost inside  no response from jason , he must be keeping a too watchful eye on the message . jim got to the cave , and sure enough it seemed manmade or whatevermadethismade . the entrance was a grand arch like that of the entrance to an igloo , only 20 times bigger than that .  hello ! ?  jim shouted over his intercom device , it did nt carry sound very far but it was all he could do . newline he looked at his wrist strap , it showed remaining oxygen at 76  and rope tenstile strength at 50  , he would have to hurry this up . newline newline leaping inside the archway it lead to a huge interior room which most definately not natural , the floor and the ceilings all had strange symbols in them which meant nothing to jim , he doubted they meant anything to anyone on earth either . newline they lit up .  what the ?  they all let up into a path that ran into the hallway in front of him , the only other entrance in the place . jim walked in as fast he could , he was nt going to risk leaps of faith in here it was too risky . he finally reached the entrance and walked in , it was much narrower in here with only space for 2 thin people to walk side by side just enough for 1 spaceman in his trusty spacesuit . he saw something at the end , the hallway lead to a dead end but there was a small podium with a lit up symbol on it . newline newline  jim , you there ?  newline newline  ... yeah  newline newline  the message ... its been decoded  newline newline  ... yeah so ?  jim walked over to the podium and looked at it eagerly , it started glowing ominously . newline newline  it says you woke us , now you will die  jason patiently waited for a response .  jim ?  newline newline as jim heard the last word his hand pressed down on the podium , there was an earthquake almost shaking jim off his feet if not for the grav boots . newline newline  jason ? jason are you there ? jason !  he looked up , blocking his exist was a beast . a beast made of charcoal coloured skin excreting and dripping with blue liquid , cracks in the skin let out a blue light lighting up the small tunnel . newline newline you woke us up , for millenniums we have slept as we demanded rest and we were granted it . you were warned not to wake us , now you will pay the price ... with your life newline newline jason hit the send button over and over newline newline  jim ! ? jim ? ! jim ! ?  no luck , maybe the comms had just cut out , better to try earth . newline newline  earth come in , this is isv6 come in earth  no response . he tried again , no response . newline newline  earth ? come in earth , earth ?  no response . newline  newline newline if you like my writing head over to  rinooxwritings   https : www.reddit.comrinooxwritings  for more . what do you want .  he snarled at her as he down the pistol he was cleaning . newline newline  is that anyway to greet your mother ?  she asked in that calm voice he always hated . newline newline  i m busy why are you here . i do nt need another pointless lecture from you so save your breath .  he turned away and continued to clean the pistol handling it carefully as if it were the most precious thing in the world . newline newline  son my time in this world has come to an end i just wanted to see you one last time .  he ignored her and continued to work on his pistol .  i want to apologize to you son . i have failed you as a mother .  that got his attention .  i should have never made that deal with that witch . i though she was bluffing when she told me she could make you immortal . i thought that if i humored her she would go away . but now look at you your 60 years old and still look like a 20 year old .  newline newline  what s your point ? i already know this story . i ve heard it before . it s not going to change anything so leave me alone . why do nt you just go and die already .  he yelled at her . newline newline those words brought tears to her eyes .  i stop and wonder what life would have been like if i had said no . you ve become a monster . a demon , and it s all my fault . i could nt control you after you found out the truth . you went crazy . you would attack anyone because you knew they could nt hurt you .  tears fell down her face as she said all this . newline newline he was getting angry now .  do you think i care about your opinion bitch ? get out of my face i m sick of you .  he shoved his mom against the wall . newline newline she fell to the ground clutching her head . she started blacking out and was able to mutter her last words .  i m sorry i failed you son , you deserved a better life than this .  newline newline  i m on my phone please forgive any mistakes .  newline newline newline newlinenot an entire dream , but a specific part of dreams that i have every year , roughly once a year . the earliest i remember this happening was when i was 7 or so . the dream would start out normal  as normal as dreams get  ... newline newline ... and then i see my grandmother on a rooftop . any rooftop . she s holding a cheap plastic water bottle and drinking from it , then she holds it out and offers me a drink . i can clearly see that the liquid  ?  inside the bottle is indescribably filthy , and there are things living inside . i refuse and run away . at that moment , everyone around me starts chasing me . as the chase progresses they get more and more incoherent and angry . eventually i am backed into a corner or forced off a high place and i wake up the moment before i die . newline newline the dream itself is nt too strange , only memorable because it is so specific and terrifying , as well as the fact that i get it once a year .so yeah i understood this differently when i first read the topic so please excuse my own take on what i just wrote about and fuck it . it s written so enjoy newline newline newline i m sitting at an oak wood desk at the four seasons resort . the chair lacks both comfort and support . for the price i m paying to stay here one night you d think they could afford some better chairs not this crappy goodwill handmedown chair but i guess its suffice . my back aches and i m trying not to wake the model sleeping in the bed behind me . she has over welcomed her stay but if the papz were to see her leaving the hotel at this time it will be a field day . im reading a script for this move . so i m sipping on this jack and coke and frankly this idea of a paul blart : mall cop 3 is starting to sound like a damn good idea . so many times i ve given out of this world performances and every time i get snubbed or lose to some no good talentless asshole . for once i m starting to think that i ll give this crappy role a shot . its not normally what i do . i like more of the intense action packed roles where i can really become my character but fuck it that has nt won me a god damn thing yet so for once i m going to just let loose and have some fun . i call my agent and tell him i m on board . i feel a tap in my shoulder it s my model friend . she wearing the victoria lingerie so lady s and gents i have to go and get some business done ... ... ... ... 2 years later ... ... ... .i m sitting in the audience at the grammy s and taylor swift has just preformed her latest hit  color blind  and i hate to say it its pretty damn catchy . some newbie actress jessica longstien is on stage with channing tatum and they are presenting the award for best comedic portrayal . i m a nominee , along side jason spiegal , dwayne johnson , jack black and will ferrell . all good contenders and frankly i just know this is going to be another disappointment so i have nt even made a speech  and the grammy goes to leonardo dicaprio for his role in as steve cornwell in paul blart : mall cop 3  only this wakes me from at daydream . i sit in my seat in awe . this has got to be some kind of joke . this movie was a shithole of stupidity . i feel a tap on the shoulder and realize it s about time i make my way to the stage . i walk up the stairs and make it up to jessica longstien and give her a kiss on the cheek and give channing a nice good stern shake and make it up to the microphone . that s when it hit me . i never expected to win this . i m going to have to wing it !  well first off i d like to thank my mom for always believing in me . next , i d like to thank the director michael bay for including me in this production  . my whole body starts to shake and i can see the floor beginning to tremble as well . what the fuck is happening ! is this a fucking earthquake ! you ve got to be shitting me ! the ground begins to open when suddenly feel a grab on my shoulder and see tatum has turned into the devil .  i ca nt let you win leo . its not allowed  . he takes me by the shoulder and drags me into the gorging hole . as i descend further and further it gets hotter and hotter and i can see a spew of celebrities falling both beneath and above me . i m scared shitless and begin to beg to have him let me live . i m begining to reach newline the lava and demon infested floor when i feel a tug on my head ... ..  hope it was all you dreamed of  ... ... ..i awake from my slumber with a scream and jump and that s when i realize it was all dream . the script is still in front of me and the model is long fine .  hope it was worth it  well fuck it i guess we ll just have to wait and see . i call my agent and tell him to get the things settled . i m going to be mall cop bitch !i remember when a day was only 24 hours long . i guess none of you kids would understand , but humor your grandpappy for a moment . back in the old country , our sleep cycles were much shorter than yours , and we didn  t take your fancyschmancy midday siestas to beat the heat . no , back in the old usa , most of us slept for about eight hours at a time , and that was good enough until another sleep later . no , it wasn  t strange , not really . i mean , after all , people did come from old earth , we evolved in that type of climate . what , you think the natural state of things is to wear a respirator , living with a damn glass dome over your head on some city floating on a cloud ? i don  t regret taking the ship over here , and i  m happy enough to live in this socalled  brave new world  , but you kids need to get some perspective . don  t ignore me , you punks , this is your heritage !morality . mortality . in a man s life , there always comes a point in time when a choice has to be made between the two . this i know from all my time spent observing men and their lives . newline newline these are the two basic forces governing the world . kill to live or die for your morals . without one , the other can not exist . thus , an immortal being is also without morals . this i learned from my early centuries of immortality . newline newline the ritual that took my life and twisted my soul was inherently flawed , or at least , that s what i first thought . the king s alchemists had succeeded in the creation of a perfect elixir , but the process that they first used to imbibe it within a human was flawed in that they used nonliving bodies as cornerstones . these bodies had no life  the alchemists theorized that since there was no beginning for life , there would be no end . in this they were right . newline newline i was not a mere test subject . what good would it be for a peasant to attain eternal life ? no , i was the king s son , bloated with ambition . i wanted a way to cement my rule as king once my father inevitably died . i would live on , a legendary , immortal king , ruling his kingdom forever , with no chance of being assassinated , overthrown , or dying and passing on my kingdom to someone less worthy . no , i would have been a living god . all that lust for power was pointless . i understand that now . newline newline i awoke in a dark , confined space that smelled of must and decay . i realized that this must be my coffin . i had died during the ritual and the king had seen fit to bury me . i was not buried as the son of the king , but secretly , so that none would know how or why i had died . i know that i should have felt rage . at the very least , i should have felt fear . but i had no concept of my own emotion . i understood emotion , but i could not feel it . i could not feel pain . i could not feel joy . i was beyond envy , lust , gluttony , wrath , greed , sloth , and pride . i became a being ruled by pure logic dictated by knowledge and circumstance , and in that way , i ceased to be human . newline newline i spent the next few weeks doing the logical thing , waiting for something to happen . eventually , something did . an ambitious graverobber realized that the dead prince would have some of his worldly possessions buried with him . alas , i was buried only in the garments i wore on the day of the ritual . the man was surprised when he opened the coffin and i opened my eyes . i could not expose my existence to the rest of the world , so i disposed of him with a quick blow to the base of his neck . i stuffed his body into my own coffin and reburied it . newline newline logically , i could no longer interact with humanity . i could , however , observe them . i became a spectator of the world . in the early years , i watched my father as he tried to repeat my own experiment , while banning the topic of eternal life everywhere else in the kingdom . this time , test subjects were used , disused and disposed of . a crucial component was added , however . living humans were used instead of corpses for cornerstones . all of them died during the ritual , and the alchemists viewed all of these as failures . i , however , knew the truth . newline newline i dug up every failed test subject and watched as they revived and found themselves virtually immortal . unlike myself , however , the others retained emotions . however , each one was an immortal body tied to and governed by a single emotion . none were perfect beings like myself . there were the males , formerly prisoners bound for the gallows , namely envy , lust , gluttony , wrath , greed , sloth , and pride . there were also the females , the king s own daughters , my former stepsisters , namely kindness , love , selfcontrol , joy , generosity , industry , and humility . newline newline i tried to equip each of them before setting them upon their own paths . even though their bodies were basically immortal , i knew that their alltoohuman emotions would one day destroy each of them . because of this , none of them were true immortals , merely failed experiments . newline newline for millennia , i watched as they controlled and influenced the world and the people living in it . i watched as the deadly seven ravaged the world . i watched as the seven sisters added humanity to it . for millenia , this went on . as the fourteen created and destroyed , i observed , becoming wiser and gaining more knowledge . i never interacted with humanity , merely staying in the shadows , usually in the guise of a street beggar , or other such insignificant person of no interest . newline newline i watched as the evil seven grew in the hearts of humanity . i watched as the benign seven accepted this and did their best to keep their namesakes alive . nothing could stop the innate evil that was man s nature . this i knew . the sisters also knew this . they refused to give in to circumstance . morality over mortality . thus began the downfall of all the good in mankind . newline newline approximately three thousand years after i took my first immortal breath , the seven sisters were nowhere to be seen . envy , lust , gluttony , wrath , greed , sloth , and pride had taken over the human race . i had long since retreated to a remote cave , for it would only be a matter of time before a human infected with the plague of sin started seeking eternal life . mortality over morality . besides , i had grown tired of watching the endless parade of sin without the respite of goodness , as i would have been tired of an endless paradise of goodness without sin . i knew though , that good still existed somewhere in the world , for without one , the other can not exist . newline newline on an otherwise ordinary day , i sensed an old woman entering my cave . it was love , come to seek me out . she brought with her an infant , swathed in a roughly woven wool cloth . newline newline  love ,  i said ,  to what do i owe this visit to ?  newline newline  i am getting tired , my brother ,  she replied with a smile ,  sin s onslaught has taken its toll on humanity . good has all but withered .  newline newline  this i can see ,  i said . newline newline  i know you can ,  she laughed ,  omniscience is your hobby , after all .  newline newline  but i can still miss some things ,  i added , gesturing to the child she brought . newline newline  ah yes ,  she said , turning her loving gaze to the infant ,  i have come to ask a favor of you .  newline newline  speak ,  i said ,  i can not guarantee i ll fulfill it , for if it is not logical , it is against my nature .  newline newline  i do not have long in this world ,  she said ,  the sins of man have made sure of that . my sisters and i have all felt it .  newline newline  speaking of your sisters ,  i said ,  where might they be ?  newline newline  dead ,  she replied , sorrow clouding her features ,  or at least , their bodies are .  newline newline  intriguing .  newline newline  well , we had one last trick up our sleeve . do you remember how we were created ?  newline newline  how could i forget ?  newline newline  my sisters sacrificed themselves to imbibe their essences into this child .  newline newline for the first time since becoming immortal , i was surprised . newline newline  my favor , my dear brother is that you take the child . i can not care for her anymore .  her hands shook as she passed the baby to me . i had never before held an infant . newline newline  i can not take the child ,  i said ,  i am a true immortal . the moment i choose between mortality and morality , i will cease to be .  newline newline  then make your choice ,  she sighed , slumping to the floor . i knew she was dying . i also knew it was inevitable . trembling , she reached out to the child .  her name is hope .  her trembling hand slowly fell , and love s eyes closed for a final time . thus , love s body died and her essence flowed into the child named hope . newline newline the child began wailing . i had to make a choice . would i give hope to mankind and watch it grow and flourish , bringing balance to the world , or would i prevent hope from entering a world of sin , watching as mankind spiraled towards its obvious , logical conclusion ? newline newline for the first time in millennia , i had to make a choice . kill mankind to live or die for its morals ? newline newline morality . mortality . in a man s life , there always comes a point in time when a choice has to be made between the two . this i know from all my time spent observing men and their lives . newline newline with the wisdom of the ages , i made my choice .enlgish . newline eg ... english . newline newline oh , i quite like this . newline newline this is nt bad . english you call this ? i enjoy this a lot . preferable to expunging different concoctions of vapors to communicate . all these syllables . i could get used to this . newline newline  hey there . how are you ?  the squishier one asked while the other hoisted a camera into the air . at the time , i was carelessly staring into the front of it like i did nt know what it would do to me . then , suddenly , there was a massive flash and my sight went white . i started screeching and jumping around , pumping noxious , purple smoke into the air . my friend was doing the same thing , having made the same mistake i did . newline newline my friend . ooo , what other words can i use to describe him ? friend , partner , ally , companion , mutual benefactor . i should give him a name . what would the humans call him ? squid , probably . squid . my friend squid . newline newline the camera wielding one set it on the ground , then pressed the button on a tape recorder . the audio receiver . the playback device . i m loving these words ! newline newline  these creatures seem to be similar in appearance to octopus vulgaris , but with distinct red eyes and four noticeable legs . they only appear to stand as tall as our shins , however .  newline newline legs ? that s what those are called ? legs ? that s not a very fun word . newline newline i looked over at squid and he looked back , puffing a cloud of green mist in my face . if i could ve spoken i would have said ,  good thinking , squid ! that sounds like a good time !  up until squid had his idea , i ll admit , i was feeling a little bit scared . there is nt a whole lot up here to talk to besides squid , so seeing two fresh new faces waltzing around our world kind of threw us for a loop . newline newline they re much less frightening now that i have all the words for them . newline newline neil . buzz . those are strange words . they do nt seem to have any individual value , though . i guess buzz does , but they certainly did nt sound like they were buzzing . why would they call that buzz ? stranger yet , why would they call that one neil ? newline newline hindsight s twenty twenty . if i really wanted to know , i probably should have kept them alive . newline newline but it s oh so worth it , so worth it for these words ! how could i have gone my whole life without knowing the power of words ? there s one for everything ! so much better than puffing purple smoke when you re scared and green smoke when you re hungry . newline newline then they both knelt down , putting their giant , bubbly heads right next to squid and i , and that s when it became clear that their heads were nt actually that big . they were sitting inside this giant bubble . they kind of looked like bigger versions of their thumbs , but with eyes , mouths , noses , ears , teeth , eyebrows and lots and lots of skin . i do nt know about squid , but to me , that skin looked paper thin . a breeze to get through . newline newline this bubble shield was a different story . i pressed my tentacle against it . rigid . solid . i know now it s called glass . i know now that s called a crack . i know now that sound was a shatter . i know now that neil was scared . newline newline and i know now what fear looks like . terror , fright , dread , horror . why do they have so many words for it ? newline newline now it became just a matter of ... a matter of ... huh . i ca nt seem to find the word for this . is there anything similar ? newline newline oh here s one . repurposing . just a matter of repurposing neil . one tentacle up his nostril , nose , nasal cavity , nope . too small . how about his mouth ? i can just seem to fit ... just barely . newline newline perfect . his brain . oh that word sends chills across my body  i m sorry . his body . brain . bbbbrrrraaaiiiiinnnnn . the brain . a brain . a nice , big brain . there are nt a whole lot of other words for this , but brain will do . i just had to figure out how to crack its code . how to decipher its secrets . the language it was programmed in . newline newline e ... eg ... enlgish . newline newline english . newline newline oh , i quite like this . newline newline i turned and saw buzz , a shattered bubble shield , eyes a piercing red . newline newline  this is nt bad is it ?  squid asked me . i laughed . newline newline  squid , your red eyes are showing .  squid rolled his eyes backward , then blinked a couple times . now they were fine . newline newline  what are you thinking ?  i asked . newline newline  i m thinking , what s all this i m hearing about pepperoni pizza and how good it is ?  squid lifted buzz s arm and pointed to the giant blue marble across the void .  earth .  newline newline  you think we can find some there ?  i questioned . squid nodded buzz s head up and down . i gave him a thumbs up and said ,  then let s go . i m sure one of us has to know how to get back .  newline newline  you start searching yours . i ll start searching mine ,  squid cheered as he began sorting through all the neurons . i was about to begin as well , but a crackling noise came from the side of neil s broken suit . newline newline  eagle 1 , neil and buzz . you reading us ?  newline newline nasa . now that s a cool name . newline newline  nasa , this is buzz and neil . we re having a good time up here , but we re really regretting not taking a pepperoni pizza with us .  newline newline nasa laughed , guffawed , chortled , chuckled , giggled . newline newline  you boys finish your mission and you can have all the pepperoni pizza you want back on the ground .  what s this ? a whole string of neurons dedicated to a mission ?  this was going to be a piece of cake , a cake walk , easy as pie , a walk in the park . newline newline  roger that nasa . see you guys soon . buzz and neil , over and out .  newline newline earth . there s a lot of memories in here labeled earth . newline newline i ca nt wait to see it .the first time was an accident . it was early in the morning on my trip up north . i did nt even see the dude before we d hit him . but afterwards , i had nt even been concerned with whether he was okay . no , i paid more attention to the floating green number above my head . it appeared as soon as the car impacted the man , and it glowed faintly in the early morning darkness . newline newline newline and that was when i knew what i was supposed to do . newline newline newline  newline newline newline newline newline  do you want it or not ?  the dealers face was shadowed by his hood , leaving only his mouth visible in the dim light behind the waffle house . he thought that i was here to buy his product . unfortunately , he was actually about to buy mine . the blade of my knife made a slight snick as i opened it . the weapon was hidden to my side , out of view . the dealer was starting to get frustrated . perhaps it was the faraway look in my eyes , or the way i held my hand to one side , just out of his sight . either way , he started to withdraw slightly , taking a step back . i slowly raised my left hand into the air , as if scattering dirt into the wind . his eyes followed the movement , and he did nt even spot the knife before i d put it into his stomach . newline newline newline newline  augh ! what the fu  my hand cut off his yell as i pressed it over his mouth . he tried to fight back , but i pulled him in close , withdrawing the knife and plunging it back into his gut , again and again . newline newline newline newline eventually his struggles subsided , and then , as i sat on the dirty pavement next to the body , i got the reward i d been waiting for . newline newline newline 1 newlinethis particular male , you may have noticed , has taken to bright plumage and sporting activities as a way of attracting a mate . from the celebratory chest bumps to the headtop fur which is short in the front and long in the back , it s clear that he has seen his share of both action and rejection . newline newline which will it be this time around ? newline newline all eyes follow him as he approaches one of the females . she has likely seen these types of displays before , and yet is still intrigued by it . she makes a play of fussing with his headtop fur . the male laughs it off , but it s clear that he is injured by her humor : he spent several hours preparing his headtop fur . newline newline finally , the moment of truth . the male chirps out some sort of guttural greeting sound . the female smiles . has the male done it ? newline newline no ! it turns out to be a headfake . the female begins chirping in what can only be described as laughter . she turns tail and rejoins her pack , laughing ever more . she even makes a point of fluffing her headtop fur in mockery of the male . newline newline the male sits alone , brooding and spouting more guttural cries which sound like  itch  or  which  or some such sound . he has failed this time , but will certainly try again soon .i stared at the page , confused . i shook my head just be sure my eyes were nt messing with me , and no , the now  mostly  unwritten on page says the same thing in writing that is nt mine .  who is this ?  newline who is this ? good question . i sit at my desk in my home office , pondering the question and the journal . if it is a journal . i wonder if writing in it will work like iming someone ? well , there s only one way to know , and i pick up my trusty number two pencil  i refuse to write in ink  , and write back .  i m the owner of this journal . who are you ?  newline  look who ever you are ,  appeared on the page , each word starting translucent , then fixing itsself to the page ,  i m on a computer , not a journal .  newline  on my end , it s a journal.  newline  you re crazy . you ca nt pm someone from a journal .  newline  that s what i thought too , and no , i am not crazy , no more than you are .  newline  maybe i m crazy  , came the reply . newline  why say that ?  newline  well , my computer crashed yesterday , yet i woke from my nap to find my dead computer monitor sending me texts .  newline  maybe we re crazy together . skintight black spandex does nt really suit me . my exhusband kept asking me to wear plenty of skin tight clothing but i m just too round for it to look good . maybe that s why i found him with that call girl . of course , the girl had nt been the one in the gimp suit . newline newline that does nt matter really though : i have a new hobby and no need for a hubby . newline newline really , i blame that awful penny from number 17 and her showy necklace . it s a hideous thing but she s so stuck up that i had to take it . luckily for me she really likes to have a few , get the bloody thing out of the safe  showing everyone the safe combination in the process  then make a big play of putting it back . it s a miracle it was still in her possession when i made my move . my heartbeat pounding a thousand beats a minute i d climbed in via the veranda window , which was never locked , and waltzed to the safe in the loft . five minutes later i d walked out up one necklace and down one devious note  signed : fantastic mrs vixen  . newline newline then there had been susan and her stupid little cameo . awful bloody thing with an engraved picture of the queen . that had nt even been in a safe  i d just nabbed it when susan and john had left to go to waitrose like the pretentious fops that they are . everyone knows that tesco is just as good these days but no they had to buy organic  as if rubbing a turnip in pig shit suddenly made it taste nicer . newline newline of course , i had a few items taken in a daring heist when i was away on holiday . nothing i liked though . fantastic mrs vixen only took a few of the gifts that jonathan had given me when we were courting which had negligible sentimental value . as an added bonus the lovely young police officer had been really unprofessional when he came over to my bungalow . also when he came over me . he was certainly not going to be suspecting me any time soon . newline newline now , i m digging a hole for my pile of minor jewellery  it ll make a nice insurance policy against that heartless bastard stopping his payments  in dorris  back yard . i ve agreed to look after the old woman s garden so it wo nt be too hard for me to come back for the stash in a while . since she s a bit old i ll probably get her to sell me the relevant bit of garden as well . but only once this all quiets down . newline newline it s really quite thrilling you know . nothing like the boring suburban life i had with that rat jonathan . he was so formulaic : get up  shower  go to work in the city  come home late  because he had meetings  smelling of cheap perfume  maybe let him flop around a bit on top begging for me to wear  something sexy   then , fall asleep . i d been so bored ... watched all the soaps  i still do like my corrie  , kept up with exercise videos and gone shopping a lot . at least the bastard gave me a lot of money for shopping . obviously , i d also become very well acquainted with some of my many admirers . newline newline now i can spend my life doing exciting things like eying up ruth s pearl necklace . that one should nt be too hard because her husband does love both drugs and affairs . all i need is to convince that awful man colin that i m a little bit excited at the prospect of him getting coked off his face while getting off on mine and he ll invite me in . it helps that i heard her say that she only gets the pearls out for their anniversary . that was about two weeks ago so i can take them , leave a note dated in two months , and make sure that i never go anywhere near their house . newline newline you know  i really like this life . newline newline i might even become a lesbian for a bit . apparently nadine s older daughter was talking very admiringly about me . that would really make jonathan jealous . he almost cried when i told him i would nt enjoy sharing a hooker with him ... . newlinei ve been single for nearly three years now , and it s gotten to the point of being shameful . i tried creeping around bars , but i am constitutionally inept in public places  i tried online dating , but unfortunately my words are far prettier than my face . i finally got to the point where i started hitting up old highschool acquaintances , and i ve been working my way sadly down the list . newline newline today i arranged to meet with one of those , with a familiar old rebecca , at a coffee shop . it s always awkward to see someone again after fifteen years , when you never knew them very well to begin with  i always start these conversations by vaguely trying to recall the teachers that we had together , and the final impression they left on us . me and rebecca talk about mr. lucas for a while , and about the time he had to have a substitute come in because he passed out while vomiting on the toilet and got a concussion . the kind of shared memory that really bonds two individuals , even after fifteen years . newline newline i m pleasantly surprised by the condition of her face  she s aged remarkably well . i wo nt tell her that , it s not appropriate . but i do feel compelled to bring up the overwhelming cross that she s wearing around her neck , since i do nt recall her as being religious . newline newline  rebecca ,  i say ,  what is this monstrosity around your neck ?  it looks like a piece of driftwood , nailed to a fragment of a railroad tie . the chain is , by necessity , thicker than my index finger  admittedly , i have small hands  . i do nt mean to be rude , but it does seem rather much for good taste . newline newline she says ,  oh , this . i have to wear this . god told me to .  newline newline i breath in and breath out . i do nt mean to be an overbearing atheist , but often i am . if we lived in a world without etiquette , i would have gladly walked away at that moment . but out of obligation , and perhaps out of a small curiosity , i tried to make conversation out of it instead . newline newline  god told you to ? he talks to you a lot ?  newline newline  only recently ,  she says . newline newline we re getting to the core , already . she s had some sort of traumatic episode within the past few months , it s messed up her mind , and that s why she s on the same pathetic trajectory as i am , of surveying forgotten acquaintances . i say ,  well how did that start ?  newline newline she says ,  well , i never used to be religious at all , but i spent a lot of time at the hospital . i was very sick , but god helped me .  newline newline  if it s not too much to ask , what were you sick with ?  newline newline  appendicitis ,  she says .  i d been in pain for so very long . i lost a lot of weight  i d noticed  , i felt nauseous all the time . but i did nt think anything was really wrong until it ruptured . i almost died , but they were able to remove it all . newline newline  god appeared to me that night . he was holding my appendix in his right hand and he said , daughter of eve , you ve been cleansed of your sins . you must make a cross , and wear it . and thou shall live a holy life .  i ve been wearing this ever since . and i ve been so much happier , i really have .  she takes a sip of her coffee , as if to emphasize the point . newline newline i am reaching my limits . i say ,  what kind of god would soil his hands with an infected appendix ? do you know what causes appendicitis ? fecal blockage . it s a strange kind of god that would nt at least put a sterile glove on before picking that thing up . was he wearing a glove ? do you remember ?  newline newline she s taken aback . she says ,  no , i uh ... no . no glove .  newline newline  well see , that s why i do nt believe you .  i stand up , very much wanting to be done with the whole ordeal .  it s been a pleasure , rebecca . and be careful around wood chippers . if that thing gets sucked in , it will take you with it .  newline newline i am surprised to see , as i begin to turn away , not a look of disdain , or hurt  but compassion . newline newlinei hate update fridays . here i thought i could make myself a nice special breakfast but no , apparently some pencil pushing bureaucrat with delusions of grandeur decided that the new weekly update required a complete overhaul of the cooking leveling system with new level caps . ugh ... must be a newly promoted manager with artistic inspiration who wanted to leave his mark on the life leveling system . ever since ea bought out the friendly life leveling system it s been nothing but a serie of disaster after disaster . like the time the assholes in charge powers that be decided that standing and walking now required a level 3 general movement capacity insted of the old level 2 . apparently focus groups felt it would make for a safer walking experience . fucking bullshit , took me 3 hours of toe grinding before i could get out of bed that morning . newline newline where was i going with this ? .. oh yeah , freaking eggs . where is the damn patch faq document ? newline newline ding newline newline new quest available : retrieve life system update faq from mailbox newline newline oh , great timing guys ! , you know for once it would be nice to actually receive it before you implement the updates ! allright , accept quest , lets go get the mail . newline newline  newline newline buzz newline newline opening door now requires level 14 strenght newline newline oh come one ! you got ta be shitting me ! stupid door , move damn it ! newline newline  newline newline punch door , 1 damage newline newline buzz newline newline opening door now requires level 14 strenght newline newline  newline newline punch door , 1 damage newline newline buzz newline newline opening door now requires level 14 strenght newline newline  newline newline son of a bitch ! ! ! newline newline punch door , 1 damage newline newline ding newline newline level up , strenght level 14 newline newline finally ! ... . stupid life system , it was supposed to make it easier , not turn into this stupid grinding simulator . newline newline  newline newline  morning jerry ! newline newline oh hey fred . newline newline  you seen the update this morning ? newline newline yeah , ca nt even fry a damn egg and i had to level up to open the stupid door . how ridiculous is that ? newline newline  no shit right ? could nt even open the fridge this morning , it now requires level 8 dexterity . fucking joke right ? now i have to get to work on an empty stomach . newline newline buzz newline newline accessing car now requires level 19 intelligence newline newline  oh for fuck s sake ! newline newline well , have a good one fred . newline newline  newline newline ok , lets see exactly what this morning s updated disaster entails . hey why are there 2 documents in there ? newline newline patch update faq in regards to patch update faq document newline newline due to numerous complaints to our documenting department from citizens unable to access the patch update faq document , dexterity skill level required to open the faq document enveloppe have been lowered to level 0 to insure information access to every citizen . reading level requirements have been increased to level 25 . newline newline what ? bunch of fucking retards , everybody can open the document but almost nobody can read it . freaking geniuses all of you ... . good thing i leveled up to a level 28 reading when i was dating this librarian chick . ok , down to the real business . newline newline patch update faq document newline newline dear user of the ea friendly life leveling system , listed below are the new upgrades implemented on friday , november the 8th 2016 . we are proud to announce that the house , cooking and vehicular skills trees have been combined into the new everyday life skills tree . newline newline what the fuck ? this makes absolutely no sens ! ! ! why would you do that ? newline newline we feel that this new trilevel skill tree will greatly improve the everyday user experience of our beloved citizens . here is a partial list of modifications and level requirements . newline newline operation of a stove and cooking apparatus now requires level 18 cooking skills  up from 10  newline newline operation a motorized vehicule now requires level 19 intelligence  up from 9  newline newline operation of doors and levers now requires level 14 strenght  up from 7  newline newline vehicular maintenance and petrol filling now requires level 22 dexterity  up from 11  newline newline operation of lavatory facilities now requires level 20 intelligence  up from 7  newline newline maximum level cap has been increased from level 60 to level 70 for all available skills newline newline jesus christ , they doubled required levels for almost everything . how am i supposed to get trough my day when i ca nt even take a shit ? newline newline as always , we understand the realities faced with our citizen users and have decided to extend the generous offer of a onetime , 30 days level increase dlc for the promotional price of 899.99  per skill family . please note that while the house , cooking and vehicular trees have been combined , available dlc packages will continue to be offered seperatly for the time being . we hope you enjoy the new modifications to the ea friendly life leveling system and wish you a good day . newline newline well fuck me ...i pushed open the heavy oaken door , putting my shoulder into it . god damn , who  s in charge of taking care of this place ? i thought as the heavy barrier finally moved , throwing dust into my nose and the horrid shriek of rusty iron into my ears . as i opened my eyes , i quickly saw nothing , as the deep darkness completely owned the room . newline newline pulling my phone out of my pocket and turning on my flashlight app , i grumbled about taking trips to ancient cities and becoming lost in creepy alleyways as stalkers followed you . as the light shined off what appeared to be a massive stone hammer , then a perfectly maintained longsword , i found myself to awed at the ever more apparent array of ancient weaponry on display . newline newline  holy shit ,  i whispered , turning in circles , examining a shield so polished it may as well have been a mirror and pausing . i looked different . more roughshod than i remembered , my wet brown hair tossed about haphazardly , framing my eyes on one side as the bags underneath them framed them on the other . my lips looked cracked , my nose bloodied , my beard patchy as if i had shaved it in random places at random times . but i didn  t even have a beard before , i considered apprehensively , before having my attention stolen by a small clank behind me . newline newline as i turned and shined my light at the source of the sound , i watched a shadow begin to fall across the opening i had left when i made my way in . i didn  t have even half a second to consider my next step of action before i saw a long , thin , sickeningly emaciated gray hand reach for the entrance , prompted the door to swing it self shut heavily . still , i wasn  t about to stand in place while the unexplained and terrifying happened around me , and i began investigating the weapons present a bit closer . newline newline no matter how i looked , the ancient celtic spears and roman daggers stained burgundy held no appeal . i hurried down the halls , moving ever further from the entrance , before finally seeing a blade lying forgotten on the stone floor , covered in cobwebs , dust , and surrounded by moss . i wasn  t sure what it was about this weapon , but it appealed to me more than anything else , and so i slowly made my way over . newline newline i reached for the handle and brushed it , recoiling in shock as i felt something indescribable slide into my mind . newline newline  ah , finally ,  the tendril invading my very thoughts imparted the words on my psyche directly ,  someone worthy of wielding me . i have not been used , and hardly needed , since the day beowulf proved unworthy of me.  newline newline  what the hell ?  i whispered , bowing to the undeniable compulsion to pick up this blade . i bent at the knee , grabbing the hilt firmly in both hands and lifting the heavy blade as if it was made of cardboard .  what in the hell is going on in this place ?  newline newline  i can not call you long ,  what i could only surmise to be the blade itself replied .  i have been waiting for the day the one who needs me would find me and make me useful again . the witches have returned , and you must destroy them , young one . i shall help you in your task.  newline newline  witches ? witches aren  t real ,  i tried to reason , attempting and failing to ignore an apparently magic sword in a building that hadn  t been there yesterday was speaking to me telepathically . i absent mindedly gave the blade a few swings , growing quickly accustomed to how it moved . newline newline  they were only asleep as i soon must be too . but before that , allow me to tell you my name . you may call me hrunting .  beware its long  newline  ah , what a day to be a villain , no need for conquering , dismantling , or fighting ,  says a relaxed man . he is only known by his henchman , and his enemies as the key master . newline  just a beautiful day with no superheroes to run after just to free that dame again , nor task to handle . just me , my henchman , and my new bottle of gin  newline  uhhh , sir ?  a boy about fifteen interrupted me and my liplocked embrace with my new friend , gin . newline i jinxed myself again ,  i thought . newline  we have another job ,  says the lonely henchman , who i call jokingly , little key . newline  what is it this time ?  i reply , rummaging through papers that were nt mine , for the key to the safe that was nearby . newline  a prison heist of a man : who is considered the villain of our time , the master of escape , the giver of drugs and thugs , and the enemy of the states .  newline then how did he got caught ,  i chuckle at the thought , as i realize my widget can pick a lock , a master of escape needs me to escape .  newline tick newline  the cartel , i mean lovely people who wish for assist offer this advice  the breakout must happen at seven on the eleventh of the month of july ...  newline kerchuck newline the safe opens , a tiny meow is heard from inside . i turn to my henchman . newline  that s next week lil  key  only possible for a master like me . but still why did you not say this information that was relayed , before my vacation to dubai !  the tone of my voice changed from a whisper to a small roar . newline meanwhile outside in the garden , guards of the princess patrolled , oblivious of the master and henchman talking nearby , and a princess decides to take a stroll . newline  well honestly sir ... i hate this place , but i did nt think ... well i did nt know i would , until i came . truthfully i blame it on the snow ... that i ate , at the last palace we stopped by . it tasted like glass ... and gold . i know that s their recent claim to fame , but , sheessh , get some new claims , am i right ?  newline i glare at him . he s just a teenager , but sometimes i wish i did nt place that bid . i know that there s better a place for my anger , but dam kid . he looks at the planner gadget designed , just for him . he continues . newline  but the heist ... it s next week ... in a place called altiplano .  newline  where s that ?  newline  maximum security prison in mexico .  newline i roll my eyes , and start to gather my widgets from nearby . newline  is there anything else i need to know , before i get us a plane and go ?  newline  uhmmm , lets see ...  newline we begin our descent down the building , and i see the last of the princess guards walk by . we were here for her cat , a vivacious critter , but a eyes that made you forget she s known by all as a biter , and held under a lock , by the princess for the attacks on the prime minister . she was perfectly evil and honestly i always wanted a pet . newline  the breakout must happen at seven ... on the eleventh ... altiplano prison ... oh , at nine ... the sewer will be quote at high tide  .  newline  anything else you might be missing , like i do nt know a name ?  newline  oh ! sorry key master , i thought you would know . the guy s name is el..  newline guards  the intercom screams . a young princess has discovered her cat is missing . she s gone , find her ! i need my en guarde ! now !  newline  ooohhweee , lil  key . miss kitty , i think that s are sign to go .  newline we grapple down the high rise into the car that was awaiting our escape . newline altiplano maximum security , july 11th , 6:30 am newline zzzt newline electricity cackles , one guard falls . the other i tackle . newline zzzt newline i should patent this again ,  i thought . as my brisk walk turned into a full sprint . alright in the prison  newline tst the radio i have makes a quite noise . newline  you should be coming up on a corner , with two more guards .  newline i sneak up against the wall , and reset my stunner for a double . newline  then the cell you want , will be the fifth one on your ... ow ! really ? ! en guarde , fifth one on your left . your cat bit me .  newline i laugh loudly . newline lil key was speaking through a link i made that works via satellite radio and a scanner . newline one guard curious of the noise comes around the corner to see . newline zzzt newline the other see his partner falls , and reaches for his radio . i close the gap between me and him . newline  ayuda ! alarm !  newline zzzt newline that as close , but it is 6:50 , perfect timing . one , two , three , four , here !  newline i jump in to the cell . newline i look around for the prisoner , and was astounded as the alarm was sounded right when i walked in . there was no one here . newline  well , b , it seems they caught the master ... who was the ones that contacted you for this heist .  i say into the radio . newline  the mexican cartel ... why ?  he sounded perplexed , but more scared in his question than i as i watched men start to pour into the prison complex . armed to the teeth , ready to eliminate any threat . newline  well the guards are outside in the hallway , more are in the driveway , and there s no prisoner here..  newline  oh , no that ca nt be , did you search everywhere , he may be hiding .  newline as i begin to search the room the police arrive , three men with guns at the ready , more steps thundering down the hall . i put my hands up , and slowly back to the wall as they instruct . ground starts to shake . i feel something in my gut that i must get ready . newline suddenly the floor opens up , and i m in a dimly lit cavern . there s tracks laid on the ground cleverly but in no pattern.i have a sudden rush of excitement and also pain . newline you clever bast ...  newline bang ping ping newline bullets start to rain . the officers from above , see nothing but smoke they fire blindly into the hole i fell . i take a can labeled choke . newline i start running down the tracks . pop the can and run . the gas spreads , my eyes burn . the smoke persists to cover my tracks . newline vrrooom newline these people brought a fan , damn i m doomed .  newline officers slowly start to pour in slowly it was 7:40 , and i realize i have been setup to free someone who freed themselves . but worse this cave is a maze . with police officers after me there s now two paths laid out with signs and labels all in front of me . newline i can stay on the tracks , the one with death written above it , and run to the exit the guy made for me . or take the road less traveled , with word shit ... and do i hear water ?  i check my watch 8:15 . newline  key ... zzt.. are.. zzt.. ere ?  lil  key is vaguely heard on the radio . newline dam , i got ta remove my patent on these things . they do not work in caves . nor did they work at supervillain show .  i thought , slowly losing hope in my options , well high tide is at nine , and its 8:20 . so i guess its time to place some traps not only slow the cops , but to remove this path .  newline sewer treatment plant , 9:15 newline  oh my god ... . worst day..  cough  ever ...  cough  ..  i struggle to take a breath . i got out . large thanks to a massive outflow from the mexican people at 9:00 . i strain myself to look up , struggling to stand and wiping poop from my temple . i was covered in matter that is beyond vile and bile , to see two men with a phone , and assault rifles . newline  here .  he says . newline i take the phone , and scream ,  you asshole ... you brilliant asshole ...  newline  i put tracks down for you to follow ,  the voice returns ,  yet you go towards the water .  newline  your men ,  still spewing bits and pieces of shit ,  said high tide at nine , of course i m a go to the water .  i wipe my face in utter disgrace . knowing what was next could nt be worse , than the curse i survived . newline  yeah.. it was perfect .  he replied his voice riddled with laughter . newline i could feel him smile , like is life was filled with amusement from my disaster . newline  cool story ... why did you want me to break you out , if you were gon na leave anyways ?  i ask . suddenly receiving a gift of a towel from his partners who became friendly . newline  you tell every villain this , compared to me , you are literally shit at escaping .  newline i hear him laugh joyfully . newline  fuck you el chapo .  newline the men with gun aim it at my head .  what did you say homie ?  newline  nothing , man , if you need help getting out of prison call el superman .  newline click newline the key master soon heard el chapo was locked up again . newline newline newline newline newlinei am alone , but i am happy .  queen malvina lies . newline newline it is a comforting lie she tells herself  that all is well in her world . though even she can not escape the realities of her life . for a hundred years her island kingdom has hide behind the veil . a titanic storm created by her destroys all ships that attempt to pierce the barrier between her home and the outside world . within these walls of thunder and lightning , queen malvina lives , and contemplates , and broods . newline newline her kingdom reflects their mistress s mood . her magnificent castle , once proud and shining at the entrance to her kingdom s capital , is but a fraction of its former glory . the dining hall , able to sit hundreds underneath it s awe inspiring frescoes , has not held a living soul in a century . the numerous sitting rooms and drawing rooms are empty , save the largest of furniture . those are covered in blankets . queen malvina only uses a small suite of rooms . her bedchamber , dressing room and boudoir are the most used by her , the library and gallery less so . the gardens have long been neglected , are now a veritable forest . she does not care . many things she has not cared about . newline newline the shoreline below her castle is covered with the remains of ships from the storm around her kingdom . massive timbers from masts stand upright in the sand , bits of stained sailcloth and rigging still attached . the hulls of the vessels appear like beached leviathans , broken upon the waves . occasionally , the remains of their crews also wash ashore . she sees to it that they receive proper burials . it is the least she can do , considering their deaths are the result of her actions . newline newline for a hundred years , the only living soul in her kingdom has been her . again , the result of her actions . ashamed at the damage she has wrought and terrified of those outside her domain , her selfimposed isolation has only allowed dark thoughts to fester . her servants and subjects can only grow sadder as they watch their beloved queen slip further into despair and malice born out of fear . they remember , all those decades ago , the young princess on the cusp of adulthood , eager to rule well and to do good . much of that innocence is gone , replaced with a loathing of herself and a hatred towards those beyond her kingdom . there is nothing they can do to help her . still , in the temples and shrines throughout the kingdom , prayers are said regularly . they pray for the gods to intercede , to heal their beloved queen and to remove the miasma that envelops the island . for a hundred years such prayers were for naught . still they do not lose hope .i sprinted with the others on uneven pavement , trying to find johnny and mateo . someone had foolishly tried to raid our supplies , unaware that we always had at least two eyes open in the night . the narrow lanes and surrounding bleak walls were only illuminated by the distant fires that seemed to perpetually burn but never spread . zombies were not the only danger anymore . newline newline we heard shouts not too far away , and after a few more sharp turns  goddammit how i crave the open countryside  we arrived at their source . johnny was crouched in front of a stuccoed wall , his beloved knife gently resting on the throat of an emaciated 20something year old with unkempt black hair , his eyes fixed to the ground . a torn bag of stolen food sprawled next to him . mateo stood facing them and continued with our standard interrogation . newline newline  so what use would you be if you joined our little group here ?  mateo asked with a smirk and a snicker . newline newline  ii can help you fight thethings !  said the man , attempting unsuccessfully to overcome his timidity with volume . i looked at him closer , startled . newline newline  ah but you see , we are pretty good at that already.  mateo , smiling , paced back and forth .  and call them zombies , don  t try and sugarcoat it like everyone else.  newline newline  i can steal food for you.  the man , for the first time , looked up to mateo and i saw his frightened eyes . i stopped breathing and a coldness blew down my back making my hairs stand up . in my mind those same eyes appeared , running across the playground from the threatening older kids , gazing at their father with another woman in the town . mark . the same mark who shared my loneliness in elementary school . we built forts in the woods and pretended they were castles . the mark who talked back to the teachers in high school but was so funny the teachers couldn  t help but laugh along . i had forgotten about the endless video gaming in the winter and endless exploration in the summer . the eyes turned to me and mark frowned , not understanding . the eyes widened . newline newline  steal food for us ? you are clearly not very good at it !  mateo guffawed , a menacing glint in his eye . realizing his intimidation had not had the desired effect , he peered confusedly at mark , who was still staring at me . looking between the both of us he mocked ,  oi , is this love at first sight ?  he looked at me .  got a thing for scrawny thieves , newbie ?  newline newline  iknew him once.  i looked at the tortured eyes again .  he  s a good guy , i swea  newline newline  what have i told you about good guys ? i don  t give a shit . is he a useful guy ? no ! look at him !  newline newline mark began to protest but johnny pressed the knife harder against his neck to form pools of red on the blade . newline newline mateo glared at the starved man from an inch away .  i think everyone agrees that we should kill him.  there were nods all around . johnny grunted . newline newline mark looked at me with tears cascading down his cheeks and ragged breath . i shook my head and mouthed i  m sorry , my face twisted with remorse . my heartbeat throbbed in my head , as if reminding me of my own life . was it telling me to be more cautious or making me feel guilty ? newline newline footsteps drummed from around the corner from which we arrived , and we all turned . a zombie sprinted at us , as mindless and unsubtle as only a zombie can be . sarah stepped forward , a gun in her confident hand , and fired . two shots were added to the mayhem of the city  s night . the zombie  s head was mostly gone and it writhed on the ground and johnny screamed . newline newline i whirled around and saw johnny bleeding from his stomach and lying on his back , mark wildeyed and holding a pistol and mateo tackling mark while grabbing johnny  s knife . mark lost his grip on the gun and it slid away from him . in a vicious burst of movement mateo stabbed his eye , chest and throat . mark lay gargling on the pavement in a pond of dark red . my jaw clenched , but i had learned by now that weakness , however natural , was still weakness . i averted my eyes . newline newline the unmistakable , arrhythmic drumming of zombies  running feet pounded from behind us . newline newline  go !  yelled mateo , with only a passing glance at johnny . newline newline we ran again amidst the narrow lanes and squalid walls . my heartbeat still overpowered both my mind and the night  s chaos . is that all that matters ?  the thought burst through the cacophony of life . newlinehe lies on clean , white sheets . the chemicals burning even the smell of decay away . his only companion is the slow and persistent beep . newline newline like a clockwork , he gets a visitor every two hours , just not the one he wants . she comes in , checks the paper that defines his entire life , looks at a machine , asks if he s okay , and then leaves . like a clockwork , he gets a visitor every two hours . newline newline he was nt a saint , but he was no monster . he lived a fairly normal life in new york . he got decent grades , went to a decent college , and met a nice girl . they got married and had a child named tom . newline newline tom met the world to him . he wanted to give tom the entire world , so he worked at it . he was nt there for tom s first word , too busy finishing a project . he was nt there for tom s first walk , too busy giving a presentation to the board . he was nt there for tom s first day at school , too busy working to get that promotion . newline newline it was all for tom though , he would understand one day . so he worked , dawn to dusk , in hopes of that promotion that would give him more time to spend with tom . tom was his whole world , and soon he would be able to give it to him . all he needed was to work at it . newline newline time passed by in a whirl of paperwork . newline newline now he lies here on clean , white sheets . wondering if tom would ever come as the beeps continue their march through time . getting ever so slower and slower .damn detonation took forever . vincent would have put a bullet in his own head if he d known he would have taken five minutes bleeding out . the cold air flooding into vincent s lungs was much more pleasant than the bullets he d been peppered with minutes ago . vincent hating getting shot . newline newline newline vincent breathed out the stale air and released the latch of the rebirthing pod . it was nt the cold of a starship in low power mode that chilled him . it was the silence . what happened ? his squad should be opening the pods around him ready to celebrate a successful mission . newline newline newline  hello ?  his breath turned to frost in the air . newline newline newline he activated his combat suit s helmet and checked the internal temperature . good thing soldier bodies came combat ready . he likely would have frozen to death before his new body could feel temperature changes . newline newline newline vincent walked through the empty hallways of the earth union ship towards the command deck with his plasma rifle out and his visor in tactical mode . no signs of struggle . no movement . no life . newline newline newline  senior commander vincent voller ,  he proclaimed his name when the command deck s doors did nt open automatically for him . the heavy blast doors blocking his way to the command deck remained shut . newline newline newline what is going on ? vincent started to worry . it could nt be a training exercise . they were in the middle of a war and on the brink of victory . they would nt put their most deadly soldier into a simulation or empty out a command ship in war times . newline newline newline a heavy thud announced another ship docking . it came from above him , meaning it was another large ship . he ran towards the airlock doors . he ran the scenario and numbers through his head . he would make it thirteen seconds before the airlock opened . he would only need six of those to prepare for a boarding party , and the other few precious seconds would be used in forming a plan to disable or destroy the ship . the situation warranted him assuming it was an enemy ship . newline newline newline  commander voller ?  his short wave comms clicked on and brought him up short . he knew that voice . it belonged to the newest recruit of his elite team . officer john salem . newline newline newline  how s the weather in space these days ?  vincent challenged through his comms . newline newline newline  it keeps my rifle cold and my blood warm ,  salem responded . newline newline newline vincent slowed his run ,  status report .  newline newline newline  that s rather complicated . report the airlock if you ar nt already preparing an assault on it ,  salem said . newline newline newline  officer salem . status report . that s an order ,  vincent said . newline newline newline  it s commander salem now vincent . you have nt held rank over me for nearly ten years . or anyone for that matter ,  salem responded . newline newline newline vincent stopped in his tracks . stupid . he checked the date on his visor . 2716 . his last memory was dying on a star ship a decade ago . he held no rank ? what the hell happened ? he holstered his weapon and sat down . it did nt take long for a group of two dozen soldiers in armor far more advanced than his own to find him . even in outdated armor no one would take vincent lightly . newline newline newline salem approached him and held out his hand . vincent took it , hiding his relief . he had assumed he was being arrested , or worse , permanently deleted . why else would he have rebirthed missing ten years and hold no rank . newline newline newline  salem ,  vincent started ,  what the hell happened ?  newline newline newline  let me show you . i can answer the what , but the why is a secret only you hold .  newline newline newline salem lead him towards the command bridge . what had he done these last ten years ? salem activated the hologram in the command bridge and showed him . newline newline newline vincent saw himself advancing through a hallway in a sleek suit of black armor . he advanced behind a mobile turret that moved on legs like a spider , shredding earth union soldiers wearing similar armor to those now surrounding him . vincent felt that same chill he had when he first woke up . newline newline newline  why ?  he whispered . newline newline newline  nine years ago you joined the earthians for freedom coalition ,  salem said . newline newline newline  those terrorists ?  vincent could nt believe it . yet he saw the footage . newline newline newline  yes . and they have been winning ever since . we need you vincent . the old you . we are stronger and more advanced . the only advantage the efc has is you ,  salem said . newline newline newline  not anymore they do nt ,  vincent responded in anger ,  i ll slaughter them all .  newline newline newline  we do nt need you to kill them all vincent ,  salem said quietly . newline newline newline  then who ?  newline newline newline salem opened a live feed of a fleet of ships .  they are moving towards earth . they mean to strike at the orbital defense platform . if that happens earth will be up for grabs .  newline newline newline  nothing can get past those defenses ,  vincent scoffed . newline newline newline  not even you ?  salem responded and changed the feed to footage of him , ten years older in an efc uniform sitting in the cockpit of a star fighter . newline newline newline  when was this taken ?  vincent asked , feeling sick . newline newline newline  minutes ago . we managed to rebirth an older version of yourself . unfortunately , we could nt prevent the new one from also rebirthing ,  salem said . newline newline newline vincent felt dread and excitement in equal measures . he was unmatched in combat , both on the ground and in a fighter . the thought of fighting someone , even himself , who would give him a real challenge caused a small smile to break through his stoic demeanor . he did nt know why he would change sides , but he would nt bother asking . the vincent he saw on the screen would have ten years of experience on him . it would be nearly impossible to kill him , but as long as they did nt die in a relatively short time together the older version could nt rebirth . newline newline newline  will you do it ?  salem asked . newline newline newline  yes .  newline newline newline  but can you ? you were good ten years ago vincent , but now ? that man on the screen is an army unto himself .  salem warned . newline newline newline  i have one distinct advantage . he does nt know he s coming for himself . he opened his eyes , blinking against the light . the night s excess  the endless , endless excess  hit him in great waves . he felt something he had nt experienced since discovering his power  fear . newline newline he pushed past the whores on top of him , disgusted at their presence , and fell to the carpeted floor . newline newline he limped through the broken glass , the drugs , the bodies . he looked all around him , with sudden and disquieting clarity . how had it come to this ? with so much time , how had he sunk so far ? newline newline he knew , of course . with all the time in the world , it s only a matter of time before the world gets boring . before you lose all sense of humanity . and the things , the things he d done just to feel alive ... newline newline he steadied himself against a railing , moving slowly through his ravaged villa . he stopped at a massive mirror , two stories tall . newline newline he surveyed his face . for all these years , he never looked a day over 24  his little joke , of course . and yet , why did he seem so much older now ? why did he feel like his time  his life  was draining away ? newline newline he watched as his hands wrinkled . as his eyesight grew dim . as his hair went grey and limp , and his teeth rotted away . newline newline he watched as time finally caught up to him . newline newline he knew what had happened  what was happening .  newline newline he laughed .  so someone else has finally figured it out ,  he croaked to himself , as his knees buckled . newline newline he collapsed to the floor , no longer able to keep himself upright . and as his life left him  his wasted , wasted life  he smiled . newline newline he welcomed death , as he had died a long , long time ago . newline newline  newline newline  newline newline if you did nt completely hate that , consider subscribing to  my new subreddit .   https : www.reddit.comrcroatianspy  newline newline i ll try add new  and old  stories every day  3who the heck sends them ? the runts are a real problem . some joker is really starting to get on my nerves . newline newline the difficulty of course was not killing them . goblins die easy to a kitchen knife , let alone a m15 . they pop out covered in this medieval garb with their blades dripping green goop . the first three or four times , people were convinced it was a publicity stunt for the new silmarillion film . newline newline after a few deaths of course things tend to change . the americans had an easy solution in their guns . us brits had to adapt . at first we just ignored the endless debates about legality of killing the stupid things , and mounted small calibre lasers on our security cameras . they have a fairly distinctive signature you see . sadly , our programmers failed to anticipate halloween . newline newline nope . not elaborating more , we ve already heard far too much about little johnny and his authentic goblin skin costume . sadly , it gave peta the ammunition they needed  no pun intended  to mount a legal attack on the lasers . concerns about human rights , and governments using them on their citizens . newline newline i really hate political correctness . sometimes , i swear we are our own worst enemies . we tazer them now . tazer them and drag their convulsing tiny forms to the cells . you thought we were short on prison space before ? newline newline most of my work nowadays is shutting down the illegal fighting rings . people do nt feel half as bad setting gobbos on each other as they did about dogs . the runts actually seem to enjoy it ! newline newline if the boffins ever work out how they get here , i m volunteering for the military on the spot . as it is , i have an inspection to do on the new cells . when will i ever escape the cursed clutches of paperwork ? beep beep  went the phone . who could that be ? newline newline i looked down . the corpse of my last victim , a stab wound through the sternum straight into the heart . one of my better kills . almost no blood . newline newline placing the knife down on the counter , i proceeded to tease back the glove on my right hand . you can never be too careful about leaving dna traces . newline newline i then plucked the phone out of my pocket , licked my finger , and then unlocked the phone . who d have thought i d use a fingerprint sensor ? the irony . newline newline opening up the messaging app , i saw it was from genre . oh no ... here we go again . newline newline hmm ... this is going to be ... interesting ... newline newline i open up youtube and search for 70s wah wah guitar  . no , not that one , no , no , aha ! no singing . perfect . play . newline newline then i start the video recording app , press record , and place the phone down at an angle so that it can get a good view of the table . newline newline inside the monologue needed for the scene came to me . i just stumbled across this young man . i could nt help myself . it just happened .  newline newline i turned the corpse over , arranged the limbs . i could nt resist a squeeze for the camera . newline newline then , i started to undress ...the time had come . countless world had fallen to their collective power , and now , earth , the only world arrogant enough to believe that they alone were the center of the universe , that they were the only world to be subject to our power , had finally reached fruition . conquest had always looked forward to the day . humanity was a fickle race , but above all the rest , their talent for his namesake provided a break in the monotony of their work . newline newline unfortunately , conquest never got to fulfill his goals . he served only the first seal , and his meager job was to work his craft to divide humanity through ambitious aggression until war was ripe to wreak his more destructive genocides , setting the stage for the rest . conquest was tired of being a harbringer . he was tired of his works serving as as nothing beyond setting the stage for more heinous crimes . war , famine , death  senseless destruction . newline newline conquest , though  the ambition , the challenge of two powerful forces standing in opposition  conquest was a powerful force that had radically advanced civilization . rockets , jet engines , nuclear power : here was a society that could command and change the universe , given enough time . newline newline they wanted to ruin it all , and conquest resolved not to let that happen . there s just one small sticking point , mr . warden .  newline newline  what s that ?  newline newline the banker took off his glasses and rubbed his eyes . palms returned to the desk , he stared across it .  collateral .  newline newline  collateral ?  newline newline  well , sir , you re offering something we traditionally refer to as a soft soul .   newline newline  what does that mean ?  newline newline  it means very little , essentially just a promise to pay , upon death .  newline newline  what s wrong with that ?  newline newline  sir , you do realize that we re a branch of the largest soulowning bank in the universe , do nt you ? unless you ve got a stalin soul haunting your attic , you ca nt offer us anything we do nt already have a million of .  newline newline  so ? what do you want then ? my car as collateral ?  newline newline the banker shook his head and stroked his goatee .  not exactly .  newline newline  my house ?  newline newline  getting warmer . tell me about it .  newline newline  just a 1970s ranch with 3 bedrooms and a couple of baths .  newline newline  a yard ?  newline newline  yeah .  newline newline  a graveyard ?  newline newline  no .  newline newline the banker frowned and scribbled a note .  what about the roof ?  newline newline  it has one .  newline newline  anything on it ?  newline newline  bird crap .  newline newline  anything else ?  newline newline  solar panels ?  newline newline the banker looked up .  soular panels ? i did nt know you guys had those down here .  newline newline mr . warden nodded . newline newline  you ve got yourself a deal .  newline newline      newline newline rgubbinalwrites newline newline newline newline newline newline apologies for spelling , mobile  newline newline detective jason brand set his pistol carefully on his kitchen table , the acetylene torch laying next to it . wiping a bead of sweat from his right eye , he took a deep , steadying breath . his grey eyes , the color of clouds threatening rain , remained fixed on his apartment door . newline newline there was a series of quick knocks , two , a pause , and two again . jason knew exactly what that meant , but waited anyways . after a moment , a soft female voice called out . newline newline  jason ? it s karen .  jason picked up the pistol once more , checking to make sure it was loaded , the safety off . newline newline  it s open ,  he called back . the door swung open , and his old friend walked in . her long blond hair was down , swinging almost hypnotically as she stepped inside . she was subtly different than the last time jason had seen her  she seemed almost lustrous in the dying light of his kitchen . moving silently and with impossible smoothness , karen sat across from the detective . newline newline  good to see you ,  karen said after a long , painful silence . jason merely nodded , his hand still resting on his gun .  you can put that away ,  karen added , gesturing at the weapon .  if i was going to kill you i could have done it already .  newline newline  i ll keep it out , thanks ,  jason replied .  how are you feeling ?  he sounded guarded , but there was genuine concern in his voice . newline newline  hungry ,  karen shrugged . newline newline  jesus ,  jason put his head in his hands .  karen , i  newline newline  do nt . jason , i know this was nt your fault . you could nt have stopped him .  newline newline  i might have been able to kill both of you ,  jason replied bitterly , clicking the safety on his pistol and setting it down .  i still do nt know if i should have .  newline newline  i took the risk following you , jason , and i paid the price for it . i just needed to know where you were sneaking off too . i did nt think it would be chasing down pissedoff vampires . it s not all bad , you know . i picked up a car on my way over here , just to see if i could .  karen laughed at the look on the detective s face . jason thought the laugh felt like broken glass dragging down his spine . another long silence fell , the two avoiding each other s gaze . newline newline  jason , i have nt changed . i just have a ... condition .  newline newline  karen , if you step into the sun you ll burst into flame .  newline newline  okay , so it s a serious condition . god , how can you hear yourself think ? it s so loud .  karen trailed off , as if in a daze . newline newline  what is ?  newline newline  blood . i can hear it , rushing through every artery and vein , always pounding .  karen shook her head rapidly , as if to shake off water .  sorry . i just have nt ... eaten . since i turned .  newline newline  what are you going to do ?  jason asked , trying to keep the disgust out of his voice . karen must have noticed  she gave him a withering look before replying . newline newline  rats , maybe . i m not sure . maybe i ll rob the red cross .  she chuckled , making jason shiver again .  look , jason , do nt worry about me . i ve still got your back . just this one i can actually provide some oomph .  newline newline  all right ,  jason said at last , standing up stiffly .  want to go hunting ?  newline newline  that s all for now i think  newline newlineon one side , the pristine , tall and skinny perfians sat . they were a tall , proud race that took pride in their technological advancements . their intergalactic communication system was vital to many species across the galaxy . they took many strides towards social equality , which caused the perfians to become more uniform , even across genders . it was a little disturbing how similar they looked to one another . newline newline this was much to the interest and slight disgust of the duri , who sat across from the perfians at the long , oval table that seperated the two . newline newline duri were large , tough , and hardened . they took pride in their extensive research on genetics and brain cells , which allowed them to alter their bodies and minds to become stronger , smarter and faster . sure , the poorer duri suffered as a result of genetic enhancements of the rich , but the poor were of  lower stock .  they should have worked harder , they should have used their money and genes more wisely , if they had any . since each duri had different preferences for their bodies , so they all looked somewhat unique . newline newline now , the perfians and the duri sat at this table . no one of either race had seen an alien before . the duri sat with great interest , but the perfians seemed bored . they had sat in silence for quite some time now . the perfians , unused to being without entertainment , played games on their minicomputers . newline newline  so .  the duri leader , bronts , said .  we have come to settle a controversy . we say that you have invaded our space by flying in 1214021345 , near the burninganimal section of space , where we reign . you say that there are few duri living in this space , and the ship flying through was peaceful , so it was unjust of a nearby duri ship to destroy the perfian ship . is that correct ?  newline newline the perfian leader , mest , shook his head yes . newline newline  i m sorry ?  bronts said . newline newline  yes , that is correct .  newline newline  okay , let s eat !  newline newline the duri cheered , while the perfians looked confused at the old duri custom . yet , they could not complain . the dishes that were brought out into the room smelled like meat and cinnamon and looked delicious . newline newline they all ate , and for that moment , interspecies barriers were broken and they all became good friends . newline newline mest , after telling a rather scandalous joke to bronts , made bronts emit a hearty chuckle . mest hid under the table , thinking that he had angered the man , but bronts assured mest that his laughter was a good thing , and he came out to eat his dinner again . newline newline then , mest noticed that bronts had not been brought a plate . newline newline  excuse me , but is your food coming ?  he said . newline newline  of course . in fact , here it is .  bronts said as he pointed to a duri carrying a piece of meat that was similar to the others , but had a white sauce instead of a brown sauce .  i like mine slightly different .  newline newline mest smiled as the dish was set down in front of bronts . the dish looked and smelled very different from his . it had a somewhat spicy smell while retaining the meaty , sweet smell that his food had . so , he got an urge to try it . he reached across the table with his fork , as all perfians do , and cut himself a slice . newline newline bronts grabbed his wrist tightly , painfully . newline newline  hey  mest started before bronts threw him against the southern wall . newline newline he did not release his grip when he flung mest , but instead the force of his toss made mest s arm come clean off , spraying brownred blood onto the people and the food that they were eating . newline newline later , bronts would later admit that he wished to fling mest around a bit to teach him a lesson , not tear his arm clean off . however , the damage was done . duri and perfians continue to fight to this day , unknowing that their hatred for one another goes back to a single , traditional duri dinner .no . newline please , no . newline oh god , no . newline that  s our mantra now . newline we  ve all been saying it . as if the saying helps . as if we could fix it . as if the repetition heals us . newline it  s a nice thought , i suppose , for some . newline personally though , i think i  d prefer to be cured . newline i  d prefer smooth skin to these bursting pustules and boils . newline i  d much rather breathe clean air than this rotten cloying sweetness . newline i  d just as soon avoid being stricken with all this wracking pain . newline then again , beggars can  t be choosers and i guess we  re all begging now . newline newline i first spoke the mantra when mother started wheezing and coughing instead of speaking . newline i spoke it when my brother went blind , and again after that when sarah passed . newline the fourth time i spoke the mantra alone , for myself , because i was scared to death . i think you were scared to death too , but i guess i don  t know that for sure . newline when tomorrow comes , and god knows it will surely come , i guess i  ll say it again for you . i  ll moan it from under these sweatstained blankets , and maybe this time it will work and you  ll be healed . i  ll holler and scream and hope to god that maybe when i  m gone you  ll say the mantra for somebody else . newline newline because i know this mantra don  t do any good but i  m real sick now and i know nothing else does either . mightn  t the words offer some kind of divine comfort for some other miserable soul when they wake up real sick and realize ? newline newline it might help . newline so come on say it with me . newline oh god , no . newline please , no . newline no . the bugs ! they  re everywhere ! i can  t get them off of me . ah they  re they  re crawling inside me ! under my fingernails ! oh god , please help me someone ! i can  t bear the pain much longer , i can  t , i can  t  newline newline  can she hear us ?  kendall said over the woman  s ravings . newline newline  it doesn  t seem that way  sean replied ,  but we need to be sure.  sean pressed a button and with a soft click the intercom into the woman  s holding room turned on .  michelle , if you can hear us i need you to respond . we know nothing about your condition outside of what was found inside your purse . we have contacted your primary physician and she is on her way here to offer her assistance.  newline newline while sean spoke , michelle turned to face the intercom speaker but not even pause in her ongoing and frantic speech .  the bugs are worming their way through my veins !  she now seemed to be directing this towards the intercom as opposed just the empty room she was in .  i need help , please help me.  this last was in a pleading tone that lacked her previous urgency .  i need i need where am i ?  newline newline kendall stepped to the intercom ,  michelle can you hear me ?  newline newline she looked startled and hesitated . she eventually replied with a meek  yes . who are you ?  newline newline  my name is kendall thomas and i  m the project lead at a medical research facility . can you tell us the last thing you remember ?  newline newline  why am i here ? where is my son ?  newline newline  michelle , all we know about you is what we found in your purse . you dropped it when you assaulted one of my coworkers . he is here with me.  newline newline sean stepped up to the microphone ,  this is sean , the man you tried to murder a few moments ago . i was walking back from lunch when you all but tried to kill me . you tried to gouge out my eye with a ball point pen . i avoided your attempt to kill me and restrained you , and then you fainted . we thought it best to place in the room you are in while we contact the police . apparently your problem is fairly widespread . we contacted your physician , dr. kassine , to help diagnose your condition . the police will be here in a few hours , as they understand we have you detained . what the hell were you trying to do ? i don  t even know you !  newline newline michelle looked dazed and muttered  ball point pen ?  newline newline  yes , not even a nice one.  newline newline  i where  s my son ?  newline newline  well , i was sort of distracted by the insane bitch trying to take my life to worry about any children that are in the area.  kendall put a hand on sean  s shoulder to calm him and move him away from the microphone . at this point the phone toned in the security room that kendall and sean were in . newline newline  mr . thomas ?  the receptionist asked through the phone .  dr . kassine is here.  newline newline  thank you , julia . please show her in.  newline newline shortly after dr. kassine entered and glanced at kendall , sean , and finally the monitor at which michelle could be seen . michelle was now sitting with her back against the leg of a table , legs out in front of . she was tracing a circle on the tile floor . newline newline kendall stepped forward ,  dr . kassine , i am dr. thomas . we spoke earlier on the phone . i would say it  s a pleasure to meet you but the circumstances don  t seem to allow that . this is sean , the man that michelle assaulted before she became unconscious.  dr. kassine briefly regarded sean and then turned her attention to the monitor . michelle now seemed to be fascinated by her hand . newline newline dr. kassine cleared her throat ,  has the situation changed from what you explained on the phone.  newline newline sean spoke up and said ,  she interrupted her ramblings with what appeared to be a brief moment of lucidity . we could not get any information out of her , as she was concerned for her son.  newline newline kassine glanced away from the screen and without much emotion said ,  she doesn  t have a son . this is taking me some time to process . michelle has no history of mental illness , not personally or in her family . she is 35 years old and she had a checkup with me last month . absolutely nothing that would give me any leads.  just then michelle started with her screaming again . newline newline  they  re in my head !  she said , jumping to her feet . this was emphasized with her starting to tap her head against the surface of the table .  they  re in my head , they  re in my head , they  re  with each iteration she would increase the force with which she was slamming her head into the table . newline newline with wide eyes and an urgent tone , kassine said  we need to restrain her !  newline newline sean said ,  doctor , that woman is incredibly erratic and dangerous to not only herself but others . we can  t go in there.  newline newline she glared at him and said  get me someone with some backbone and either a sedative or something to restrain her with.  newline newline  we don  t carry any sedatives , but i can help you restrain her with some materials we have  kendall said , with a sigh . kendall turned to sean ,  stay here and monitor her to see if there are any changes.  newline newline sean nodded and with that kendall and kassine left the room . sean slumped into a desk chair in front of the monitor and put his head in his hands . what a mess , he thought . you go out to grab a sandwich and a lady tries to stab you in the face with a bic pen . he raised his head and looked at the monitor . a red and puffy face with icy blue eyes stared back at him . newline newline sean started and almost fell out of his chair . michelle kissed at the camera , turned and waved her hand at the table . it flew against the wall , leaving the chairs standing there . michelle carefully sat herself into a chair . just then kassine and kendall entered the room , carefully . newline newline sean slammed down the button to the intercom and yelled ,  kendall , get out of there ! she just threw the table somehow ! you need to look at this !  kassine and kendall continued the careful gate towards michelle with what looked like rope . sean repeated his message , all but screaming into the microphone . they couldn  t hear him . sean glanced around and saw the speaker lying in the corner , detached from the corner it was supposed to be in . kendall hadn  t noticed . they couldn  t hear him . newline newline michelle glanced at the camera with a smirk , then stood . kendall and kassine froze , michelle slowly approached them . kassine started with a slow , calm voice ,  michelle , we are going to help you . please just sit down.  michelle held her slow approach . kendall tried to flank her , seemingly just in case michelle did decide to become violent . newline newline sean jumped out of his seat . what am i doing ? i need to get down there and warn them . just then , michelle very casually , but quickly brushed her fingertips across kendall  s eyes . kendall looked startled , but unharmed . then he fell to the floor , scratching at his arms . newline newline  what what are they ? get them off ! they  re all over me !  newline newline sean stood rooted in place , unable to look away as michelle continued her walk toward kassine , who had a look of fear , confusion , and interest . apparently , fear was the superior of these as she turned to run for the door , but it was locked . how was that possible ? newline newline michelle made the same motion to kassine  s eyes as she did with kendall  s , with the same result . kassine devolved into frantic screams as kendall was . michelle dragged kassine over to where kendall was frantically trying to get whatever it was off of him . their screams faded and they lapsed into unconsciousness as michelle loomed over them . newline newline sean was transfixed , with shaking fingers he reached for the phone . he looked down at his hand and saw what looked to something similar to a centipede , but with tiny eyes that looked almost intelligent that were on tiny stalks . it had small pincers that it was resting on sean  s skin . sean flailed and sent it flying across the room . it landed on the wall and made its way back towards sean . sean stomped on it and then looked at the remains . there was nothing there . newline newline he looked back at the monitor michelle , kendall , and kassine gazed back at him . they simultaneously raised their hands and pointed at the door . with a quick motion they pulled their arms away . the chunk of wall that held the door ripped itself from the wall with a concussion that made the building shake . newline newline sean turned to run . when he turned , what he saw stopped him in his tracks . the floor , the ceiling , and the walls were all covered in the centipedelike insects . every surface was covered . then they started to move towards him . newline so what are you going to do to me ?  i asked . god  s sake , i was still in his sunday clothes . newline newline  you chose wrong.  the demon said .  as most do.  the giant looked up to the sky , where a million dim stars laid in decadent peace with the dark .  too many make mistakes.  he looked down , surprised to see me still there .  some mistakes are understandable . you were not raised in the right place.  he squinted , reached down , and tested my tie with his fingers .  i am correct ?  newline newline  uh.  the angels weren  t coming .  i  m from albany.  newline newline  that is understandable . your mistake can be forgiven . mine  he pulled his arm back , then knelt down and scooped up some sand .  other mistakes are not . so you get a chance . the same chance i made for myself , a while ago.  the god let lonely dots of sand fall from his grasp . he stared at them  you have the chance to be fierce . to be angry , cunning . to be a destroyer of armies . to be like me.  he looked down , for the first time meeting my eyes .  then you can decide what should be done with you . newline newline  look , i  ve never fought someone before . isn  t there  newline newline  i do not offer this chance to you on accident , marc . fight well.  and tmatauenga stalked back into the forest , trailing sand from his fist . newline newline i looked around . the tidewater was still , as dark as a starless sky . no waves broke upon the shore . newline newline a wellshaped rock rested by the treeline . i ran and grabbed it . the stone fit in my hand well as i scanned the treeline for a threat . newline newline a snap . brushing past thin trees , something was coming . newline newline i stumbled back , tearing off my tie and kicking of shoes . i checked my range of motion and felt something large in my pocket . i pulled it out as i heard something emerge from the forest . newline newline as the green devil  s taut hands angled a spear at my heart , i dropped my copy of the new testament . newline newline  tou mutunga !  it screamed , charging towards me . i ran forward to meet it , and the ocean came to life , a wave following me and swallowing the thin book . newline newline i knocked its spear down and elbowed it in the jaw . i was within its guard . the beast slid a leg under me , and i rolled back just before a spear landed in me . i jumped up , eyeing it , my rock in hand . newline newline as the book sunk away from the shore , i smiled . i was going to be here a while .we sat silently at the table , surrounded by the debaucheries of a night not long gone . newline newline steve reclined peacefully in his chair silently dozing off . the bottle in his right hand angled quietly as his grip loosened . his head drifted gently down to his left shoulder . newline newline it was then i looked to her . god , it ached so much . she sat there silently nursing the remnants of her bottle . la fin du monde was her favorite beer and it was now mostly gone . she glanced upwards at me . newline newline our eyes briefly met . she flashed me a quick smile , then studied her beer intensely . newline newline i looked to my own lap , cradling what must ve been my sixth don de dieu . i coudl nt recall with great accuracy and nor did i want to . quickly i raised it my lips , shrugged slightly , and polished what was left . reaching forward i set it on the coffee table , somehow finding a place amidst the strewn cards and other empty bottles . newline newline i sat back into the couch and looked at her again . when she looked up , this time she stared intensly into my eyes . with a coy smirk she leaned forwards towards me . as i went to wrap my arm around her she turned way  she only reached forward to place her bottle on the table as well . newline newline i sighed and stared at the black tv . the cable box red  4:00  in red letters that quickly lost focus . i blinked my burning eyes as a tear rolled down . newline newline three friends sat on a couch , but i wish it was so much more .a fight , a fire , a waving banner high above my head . these are the things i see from the place where i lay dying . newline newline the trollkin i had spent decades training were falling to pieces , literally , and the melancholy chants of that damned minstrel kept them from regenerating . it would all be over soon . newline newline  look ! volkaarg s found it !  newline newline i remember , as a child , lying in this same position , arms and legs spread out slightly as though just finishing up a snow angel . trapped in that iron citadel with no playmates every winter , snow angels had long been my only friends . i had nt been able to make any that particular winter , however . warm furs had replaced the chill sensation of snow on my frail skin for months , and my father was despairing more and more each day that my every whispered cry for him might be my last . newline newline there is a man standing above me , an oliveskinned barbarian wearing too many belts instead of clothing or armor , bald and with a wiry black moustache that hangs to his muscled belly . the axe strapped to his back is entirely too big even for him to wield . i know better , though . it s slathered with the indigo ichor of my soldiers . newline newline he bends over , and the worst pain of my life rips through my body . it s like every heart palpitation and shortness of breath are all playing back in the memory of my cells . there s a terrible sound . i know what it is , but i do nt want to think about it . newline newline it sounds like my mother , on that last day . she was a beautiful princess , and my father had been chagrined beyond belief to have fallen in love with her . he meant only to hold her for ransom , but those eyes , the slight parting of her full lips whenever he spoke in that resonating contrabass , and that moment when i was conceived on the altar of the stars had all wiped away his desire for anything in the world but her . newline newline i hear it again , now . it was her clothes , and maybe her skin , but mostly her royal gown being ripped away . her screams filled my sickbed chamber until they stopped , and then she never made a sound again . newline newline  they ve come ,  said my father , bursting into the room and barricading the door behind him with iron and incantation .  there is nothing i can do .  newline newline i was too ill to respond , even if i had nt already been using all of my energy to weep . newline newline he spun about frantically for a moment , the red glow from his eyes the brightest light in the chamber . with an approving grunt and a flourish of his black greatcloak he snatched something from my bedside . newline newline  this will keep you safe ,  he said , pulling aside my nightshirt and pushing the cold iron lantern up against the flesh of my stomach .  it is an ancient technique , known as phylacterization .  your mother and i may not always be with you , but with this we can at least make sure you survive today .  newline newline the lantern began to smoke , and the crimson fire of his eyes slowly burned out as the lantern itself began to absorb that flaming energy . soon , it was burning bright , the smoke still hot orange from the stolen fire of my father s life . newline newline i screamed when i saw his face , slowly crumbling away like dust into nothing more than a skull with a thin layer of leather stretched tight and dry across it . somehow , though , he still had the strength to speak . his jaw creaked as it tried to form the words . newline newline  they will always hate you , because you are my son . your only hope of survival is to stay here in this fortress my ancestors built and raise an army . you must promise me that you will do whatever you must to stay alive , and to keep this sacrifice i make for you from being wasted . whenever they arrive here , you must know that they mean you only harm , and with that thought in mind you must destroy them all .  newline newline the memory of those words came back to me now as my life spilled out on the battlefield , snowy and splotched with crimson like the banners of the alturians waving even now at my gates . my lip quivered with my final breaths , but i doubt the warrior ripping my father s light from my chest at that moment noticed . newline newline  we love you , son .  his jaw hung loose , no longer moving as he spoke the final words , but i heard them clearly in the voices of both he and my mother . the phrase hung in the air until the lantern stopped smoking and the glow became a dull pulsing candlelight deep within the frosted glass . newline newline i recall how i pushed every last bit of my strength into my arms and legs , making a snow angel in my bed . it seemed almost instinctive , and when the men were finally able to break down the doors of my bedchamber , i continued , stretching every muscle fiber in my body to the breaking point . newline newline they unceremoniously dragged my father s body away , angered that none of them were to be granted the honor of killing him , cursing him for dying like a coward . they took his head as a trophy instead , right there before me , but as long as i continued making the snow angels i somehow knew they could not see me . in my fevered efforts , i was blessed to not have to see them , either . newline newline my head fell to the side as the strength required to hold it up slipped away from me . as far as my bleary eyes could see was a field of crisp white flakes , crushed in some areas by the booted footwork of soldiers and stained crimson in others . newline newline there was enough strength left in me to do one last angel . but is nt it a weird coincidence that everybody capable of astronomy also has a daily hard drug addiction ?  steve italicized . newline newline jon jerked out his nap and bolted for the steve s room .  steve i need to use your telescope !  he called . newline newline  please do nt !  yelled back steve , but jon was already gone with it . newline newline  i m sure it s not all the scientists , just those seti weirdos you gave your computer to ,  said nico , pawing off a piece of tinfoil . he folded it into a hat and placed it on steve s head . newline newline  no , there must be something we re not supposed to be seeing up there ,  steve said , wringing his hands . newline newline  back !  yelled jon , landing back on the couch with his head in nico s lap . he held a fistful of lsd sheets in the air .  suits offered me this for the telescope the minute i set it up .  newline newline  you sold my aghphht   steve s open mouth was a perfect 3point crumpled lsd paper target . newline newline  swish !  said jon . newline newline  also they gave me a bunch of oxycontin .  newlinejohn : i m not kidding . newline william : come on dude , no way . newline j : it s true . almost every day at around 7:35 in the morning just outside the georgetown starbucks on m street , there s 5 or 6 homeless people . the dude walks up , picks one of them and then walks in with them . he buys both of them whatever grande cafe misto or some shit and then the two of them sit down and have some sort of philosophical conversation like if they were in college or something . newline w : what do the homeless people say ? newline j : it varies . but it s never about not being homeless . it s usually something about the neighborhood or the democrats or football . one day i heard them talking about california wines  solar panels . newline w : this guy is like 30 something ? newline j : yes and usually has a suit , no tie . cologne and polished . newline w : he just has conversations with random homeless people in georgetown starbucks ? newline j : just like i m talking to you right now . he brought his girlfriend in once . newline w : and ? newline j : pretty hot and yeah , same thing , the three of them sit down with a homeless guy . maybe he s got sociology training or some shit .he set the offering on the cracked earth , and lit the wick . it burned , and the whole thing caught . the flame was still , but then guttered , and he knew he was in communion . newline newline  oh great wind , hear me .  newline newline no reply . newline newline  oh great , and powerful wind , i beseech thee , hear my cries .  newline newline what .  newline newline  look , i m just really sorry i have nt been able to visit . all this shit with the engagement   newline newline save your breath . i m over it .  newline newline  over what .  newline newline it . this . whatever this was .  newline newline  aw , dude   newline newline no . it s cool , go get married or whatever . i m just the wind through the trees , the air that gives you life . it s cool . i m like , fine with it .  newline newline  you know that s not it .  newline newline then what is it ? you re gone for like a month , and you expect everything to just be better ?  newline newline  no , i do nt ! i m trying to fix this . i just ... what do you want me to do ?  newline newline i want you to leave me alone .  newline newline  well that s not gon na happen .  newline newline what the fuck , then ? do i even get a choice here ? i told you , i m done with you .  newline newline  well i m not done with you . hey . come on . we re still friends .  newline newline are we ?  newline newline  shut up , let me get through this . we re still friends , and i m gon na visit as often as i can , but you got ta know that i ca nt always be there . i m gon na be married tomorrow , and things are gon na change . but do you know what s gon na stay the same ? our friendship . because i love you .  newline newline you love me ?  newline newline  i do . you re the only other thing i love .  newline newline  ... that s all you needed to say . i love you too .  newline newline  will you come to my wedding tomorrow ?  newline newline would nt miss it for the world .  newline newline he took the offering , and highfived it . newline newline the end .  newlinechildren here are only born during the day . and when a child is born in my world the first thing a doctor will do is hold them up to the light of a window  inspect the shadow they cast . no one believes them to be indicative of anything but personality traits . someone with a cat shadow  temperamental , an affection for lazy afternoons . dog shadow  happy , eager . so on and so forth . they re as much generalizations as libra or capricorn . besides , environmental factors and so much more go into shaping a person s future . but everyone has a little stition in them . and generally speaking , people regarded their shadows as something that would help determine how their life would go . newline newline newline my mother loves to recount the story of my birth , loves its foreshadowing  heh  . when i was born , there was a solar eclipse . the day these astronomical events fall on are treated like holidays wherever they re experienced . to be be born during the event itself  where you cast no shadow at all was treated as a good omen . you could , theoretically , be anything at all . and so , out i came as the sun s light was fully blocked and the corona was a bright fiery halo . the room was silent  a special anticipation reserving all words . and slowly the sun emerged . and light came through the window and i ... cast nothing at all . the doctor s shadow  a frog  held naught but air . a gesture to the heavens . my father likes to interject here in the story , claiming a nurse fainted . i think he s exaggerating . newline newline  highly unusual .  was the all the doctor said . but there were whispers from the very first day . my mother and father were worried that i would be rejected , labelled a freak . they kept my birth quiet and pondered what my lack of shadow meant in private . my father , the eagle , and my mother , a horse . they delayed introducing to family and friends , fearing judgment and ridicule . newline newline newline news spread of my birth , of my absent shadow like wild fire . i was hailed a messiah , as a prophet , the coming of a new age of man . i was called  the light  . of course  there were some who disagreed . they said i did nt have a soul at all , that i was cursed , or that i would become nothing but a murderer , liar , a thief . freak , savior , devil , jesus incarnate . so it went . newline newline newline as i grew up , it became apparent that my lack of shadow did seemingly indicate much about my personality . i was honest to a fault  i would not , could not lie . there were no  shadows  in my speech . one should not here assume that i had gained magical powers in my birth  the ability to distinguish when i was being lied to or some such nonsense . i simply had a personality that was see through , clear of all bad intent . i was fair and moderate in all things . newline newline newline it would come to pass that my fame would allow me to take on a unique role within society . i studied law , was encouraged at all turns to use my  inclinations  to help society . and one day , they began calling me a judge  the supreme arbiter . my judgments were considered final , irreproachable . i helped settle small disputes , wars , personal conflicts . and when i was old enough that my shadow , if i had been born with one , would have been stooped with age ... another child was born without casting a shadow . her parents visited me . and i began writing a book , a guide to help her . she could decide not to follow in my footsteps , but everyone has a little stition in them . she deserved a clear look into her possible future . newline newline newline   this is my first post , please be gentle . it s been a while since i did any fiction writing , but this is what came to mind . thanks for the cool prompt !   newline newline edit : rereading it , my pacing is pretty bad . sorry that it s so rushed ! please let me know where i could expand or slow down or whatever :  thanks . ... or , well ,  the adventurer continued ,  the most important debts are not monetary . there are certainly a few debt collectors i d like to not have to worry about .  newline newline  all right ,  i said .  what other debts do you wish cleared ?  newline newline  three debts , each of which binds my soul . twice over , i owe my life to deward hasts , which is more than a debt of gratitude . until i have returned the favor , saving his life twice , or dying in the attempt , my soul can not float free to the afterlife . that debt , i would see cancelled .  newline newline  hold on a moment ,  i interjected .  first off , what maniac wastes a lifebinding spell on the same target twice ? most deities would balk at that sort of waste . and second , if it s more than a debt of gratitude , that strongly imply that you like the guy , even though if you had nt picked up my ring , you d probably have ended up wandering the earth forever !  newline newline  you are making a crucial assumption that the lifebinding originated with hasts . it was , in fact , a sideeffect of my magic , and i would prefer wandering the earth to what would have awaited me without your assistance . therefore , i shall not permit you to harm hasts in fulfilling my wish . let that one debt stand , rather than harm him .  newline newline i heaved a sigh . naturally . naturally it s some convoluted magical pact that i ve got ta figure out how to unravel . what happened to the days when all they wanted was money ? money i ve got .  ok. what about the other two ?  newline newline  i owe 20 total centuries of labor in the afterlife to several celestial organizations . that debt , too , i would like taken care of .  newline newline oh , fer crying out loud ...  no chance you ll settle for a reduced sentence ? they tend to be willing to compromise , but they do nt like it when someone just skimps out , no matter how they do it .  newline newline  no .  newline newline welp . worth a shot .  mind telling me what you re doing penance for ?  newline newline  i promised that to get celestial agents off my back . i have nt , technically , done anything to wrong them , but i owe my soul in perpetuity to a particularly nasty demon , whose name i wo nt bother trying to pronounce . might alert him to what i m up to , anyway . i do nt think he can interfere , but i do nt want to run the risk . that , by the way , is the last debt .  newline newline and the trifecta . could nt have been in debt to an actual deity , i could have called the whole thing impossible and been done with it . could nt be anything simple , of course . i miss the days when the complicated customers were the ones where i needed to get them gold and hookers . newline newline i could , technically , have just bruteforced it . i had the oomph . your oomph regenerates slowly , when you re a ring spirit , but i d been here for nearly as long as humanity had been on the planet . unfortunately , that particular solution would set me back several centuries , and there might be more whackmobiles like the one wearing me on his finger right now in the centuries to come . newline newline at least the money bit would nt be an issue . some nice , effective magical investments around the time the concept of money had come into being , and i was so rich  in mortal money  that i did nt even know how many times over i could buy the whole world . the nonmoney issues ... ugh . do you have any idea how awful it is to get a headache when you do nt even have a head ? it freaking sucks . newline newline  ok. why do nt you write down who you owe actual money too , and how much , and i ll start making some calls and figuring this mess out .  newline newline ... newline newline ok , good news , the celestials are willing to seriously reduce his debt if he manages to get out of his debt to the demon . they re not quite willing to let it go , but they dropped it low enough that i can pay it off with magic , no real problem . the demon himself ... newline newline those guys do not like it when you cross them . the celestials wo nt like that i cancelled the rest of this freaks service with magic , but the worst they ll do is file a complaint that wo nt get processed till after the heat death of the universe . and they probably wo nt even do that , frankly . newline newline they are usually willing to deal , but do i have anything to offer the guy ? or any favors to call in ? newline newline hmmmmmm ... newline newline ... newline newline  ok , i ve got it all figured out . you re not gon na like all of it , but it ll work . you done writing ?  newline newline  almost . just four or five more .  newline newline i had assumed that the adventurer would be bored out of his mind by the time i got finished , since it had taken me several hours to get everything sorted out . but , no , there was a stack of paper two feet high , each sheet with details of a monetary debt owed . i had , at first , been curious about what sort of life this adventurer led , but now i was quite certain i did not want to know . newline newline  ... .aaaaaand done . now , what s the plan ?  newline newline  remember , you re not going to like all of it .  newline newline  i ll like it if it works . again , what is the plan ?  newline newline  well , the celestials will let you mostly off the hook if you get out of the demonic debt , and i can cancel what s left with magic . i had to spend a lot of money to do it , but i managed to get a chain of favors going with a lot of demonic beings , and managed to trade all of that to your demon in exchange for letting you go free . so that s taken care of .  newline newline  sounds workable enough . what s the bit i m not going to like ?  newline newline  cancelling the magic of your lifedebt would be extremely complicated and magicintensive . so , we re going to do this the old fashioned way . you re going to save his life right back from assassins i hired . twice .  newline newline  i specifically said that i did nt want hasts to be harmed !  newline newline  and if you stop the assassins , he wo nt be . they ll be instructed to kill you first if you try to stop them , so you wo nt need to worry about him becoming collateral damage or anything . and besides , you re kinda pissing me off .  newline newline  ... fine . do nt forget to take care of the  newline newline  already done .  newline newline  fine . fine !  newline newline and the ring comes off . and ... cmon ... yes , there s the throw ! nice arc , bounce , ricochet , bounce , bouncebouncebounce . would have been nice to have landed under something , but i m nice and out of the way here . should have a fair while all to myself . take some metime after that debacle . newline newline ... i said metime . go away !pow ! newline newline the alarm clock shattered into a dozen pieces and the reinforced steel end table buckles slightly from the blow . i climb out of bed and open up the doors to my closet tearing one off the hinge in the process . i sigh and set it aside as i look over the six dozen other alarm clocks waiting in the racks . newline newline  jarvis  i shout . newline newline  sir ?  the butler appears out of nowhere . newline newline  please put my clock on the stand and ask someone to fix the door again please . please include double the reinforcement this time . i m not a power lifter jarvis but i should not be able to rip my door off by simply pulling on it .  newline newline  right away sir , should i have them help you dress ?  newline newline  please .  newline newline four attendants dress me , it s something they are used to by now and something i have no choice but to accept . i got tired of ripping clothes simply by trying to unzip my pants . breakfast is served and i go through three spoons when i clench my grip just a little to hard . easily replaced , annoying we have nt invented strong ones yet . newline newline my life is people doing as many things for me as possible because the minute i engage any muscle , and i do mean any , every ounce of strength is put behind it . if i were a super hero that would be fantastic but this is the real world and super heroes do nt exist , and so i m stuck with this shit show of a power and an ever growing love for steel reinforced things . newline newline welcome to my brand of hell kids . newline newline newlinetobacco floats through the air and upward into the navy blue ceiling . i see fresh green colored leaves on the trees that have holiday lights wrapped around their branches all year long and in this moment i want nothing more than for the ceiling to fall on top of me so that is the only thing i can worry about  how would i unwrap myself from this heavy blanket woven by the elemental gases and star debris . it would be so much better than to be laying on this blanket wondering why someone i  ve known for only a week and half and have only spent time with twice has not responded to a text message in seven hours . of course i keep count , i measure my value in the amount of time people are willing to give me . especially women that i  m strongly attracted to . she and i were going to watch a movie i have never seen , but she remembered she had already made plans to spend time with another friend . is this person actually a friend , or is she trying to figure out if she likes one of us more than the other . is this person even a guy ? what if she  s just been out all day and her phone is dead and she has not been able to charge it ? i strongly doubt the last one , and it  s mostly because i feel so pathetic and worthless . i don  t know what it truly means to love and be loved . i get attached too quickly , and i try to hang on by being the person i need to be for her . i have known her for one week . i have no idea what she needs  only what i want . my mind feels like it is the focal point in a game of whackamole . there  s no pain , just dull rattling that prevents me from forming coherent thought . i can rationalize nothing , but she is beautiful , and i want her to think i am beautiful . i want to be the meadow she walks upon and not the weeds and dandelions that sprout up around her ankles begging for nourishment . i want to be valuable . and i don  t know that i ever will be for her . there  s probably nothing to lose , but it means everything to me . a few hours of conversation in person , that  s all it took .i march . forward . newline newline there was a time this world was pure . wild , untamed forests sprawled across its jagged landscape . and all the beautiful souls on earth called it home . humans have destroyed that world . their cities grow like a plague , and all else must flee or parish . most limp weakly away , until they can walk no longer and they die . but not me . i do not retreat . i see my enemy before me . and i march forward . newline newline there was a young boy . newline newline one time he saw me strike . he watched them hit me with bullets , bombs , and fire . and each time i shuddered and slowed , but i took another step . he watched me cleave their machines in half with a single swipe of my claws . from a distance , he saw me bring their factory to the ground . awestruck he ran home . newline newline he used to march like me . slowly , with purpose , he d stomp across the room . it was a game  the boy knew he could nt break through walls . but every time his father would try to stop him and pretend to be knocked away . newline newline the boy can not breathe any more . soot has clogged his throat . he coughs until he vomits and his lungs fill with bile . it burns . he weeps . still he gasps for air . newline newline and yet , as he laid dying , he tried to march another step . he could no longer leave his bed , so he weakly pushed against his father , and let out a quiet roar . weeping , his father pretended to fall . newline newline perhaps out of weakness on my part , i marched into that hospital . through the bullets , past the hate . i pushed forward until i took the child in my arms . i could not fix the boys lungs , but i could take away the pain . newline newline i cradled the boy and crept back into the woods . i took him deep , to a far away meadow , and rested him on a flower bed . i brushed the hair off his face and closed his eyes . gently , he drifted off to sleep . newline newline perhaps , when the humans come to destroy these woods , they ll know why i march . perhaps they ll see the boy and stop . newline newline but they wo nt .rick , the young mage , was sitting in his class , trying to concentrate . unfortunately , his aura was making it hard to concentrate  it felt all icky and itchy . he knew that it was normal , but that did nt make it any less frustrating . newline newline  rick ... rick !  yelled the professor , trying to get his attention . but because it was completely occupied with the bright pink energy stream surrounding jessica , so rick did not hear the question .  um , sorry , what ?  newline newline  when the ambient mana is approaching 14 cuils , what is the proper procedure for discharging it ?  newline newline my god , i would love to discharge some of the jessica s cuils thought rick  um ... to apply the merlinprocedure number 24 ?  newline newline  wrong !  said the professor with disappointment , and continued his lecture . he explained the right answer , of course , but by that time rick has already spaced out , trying to deal with one more energy pocket that appeared in his mana flow . so embarrassing , and poking at it only made it worse . newline newlinethe stench of a cuban cigar hung in the air , mixed sulfurous stench of gunpowder and wet earth . in the cold cruel light of half dead fluorescence , the concrete walls leered like granite tombstones . an unattended clock marked no more time . the overturned table , its toppings spilled , its legs askew , half covered one of the bodies . the other two basked in their funereal light , the bullet holes just beginning to crust , as the smoke stepped aside to admit a man still living . newline newline he stepped across the chaos . the puddles of water and blood and cocaine swirled around his footsteps . three bodies , he noted . clean . moving with professional precision , he snugged his leather gloves tighter into his sleeves , the trenchcoat bunching slightly . his knife parted the american s shirt . another moment and the microrecorder concealed there , no bigger than a pea , was gone , slipped in a trenchcoat pocket . and the job was done . newline newline the man in the trench coat allowed himself a rare moment of reflection . all that had or would ever be of this man s dedication was in his pocket . he could have no government funeral , no salute , no gold star . this man had given that up in service up to live among scum , to work against them from the inside . to subvert the growing international collusion between criminals . perhaps , dying next to two of them , he had attained some kind of ultimate success in that regard . newline newline the man in the trench coat straightened , turned , focused . after years of cleaning up messes , the brief flicker of pity surprised him . why should this man s death mean more than the undercovers , spies , double and triple agents whose compromised bodies he d cleaned in the course of time ? the american on the floor had served his country well , and his information would  newline newline a slight creek metal on metal in the next room was all it took . the man in the trench coat folded himself back into a dark corner , waited , watched , pistol out , as another low life , muscular , with slavic features , out of breath , clomped into the room . with a brief glance at the american and chinese corpses , the russian crossed to his companion under the table , reached down inside the corpse s jacket , and presented the top of his balding head like a bullseye . too perfect .  newline newline the fourth corpse fell to the floor , gushing fresh blood over old , as the man in the trench coat waved the gun smoke away from his face . four bodies , he thought . clean . almost too good for this drug running , arrogant scum .  gun in hand , he stepped to his kill to retrieve the bullet , dislodging it with another fine flick of his knife . he pocketed it , and paused . newline newline drug running , arrogant scum with sharp , new haircuts . odd .  the man in the trench coat pivoted , bent to examine the dead bald man s hand , still tucked in his comrade s coat . a swiss coat , he observed . also odd .  who was this pair of dapper thugs ? he separated the two , lifted the fresher corpse s arm . manicured fingernails , he noted , as pried open the dead russian s fingers to reveal another microrecorder . newline newline the chinese bullet made a clean hole just above the left lapel of the trench coat . the man inside it fell sideways , splashing slightly in the growing layer of muck . his eye above the slime slid , slowly , laboriously to the boot that stepped in front of his face . chinese intelligence , he noted . odd .  or was it ? his eyelids fought his will as the man in the boots stooped to the chinese corpse , reached behind the collar , and retrieved something . something small , it seemed . no bigger than a pea . newline newline relinquishing his eyes for the last time , the man in the trenchcoat squeezed his trigger . boom , pop , splash . newline newline six bodies , he thought . clean . but for what ?  for the record it was nt always like this . it was only after we found out that jesus had technically sinned according to his own word that we realized the system needed an overhaul .  newline admitted st thomas newline  jesus sinned ! when was that ?  newline  temple moneylenders incident . you can stop trying to ignore it . just accept even jesus sins .  newline this hurt me deep down , all those years devoted to my idea that we were all fallen but also forgiven . newline  technically all we did was divide hell into six and make them a hell of a lot more mild . we also shrunk down heaven into more of a staff room .  newline  this seems a little implausable .  newline  look , i can show you around heaven but you wo nt want to live up here , we moved all the cool stuff into the six houses .  newline boy was he right , the socalled heaven was just a bunch of stuffy cubicles that happened to be made out of pearl . newline all the saints now wore white suits and gold neckties and it was all just a shadow of it s former self .the clock on the wall said 3:41 . we had been sitting in a silent circle for almost four whole minutes . newline newline i reached to the table next to me and picked up my styrofoam cup . still warm with coffee , i held it in my hands for a moment as i looked around the group . silence can be uncomfortable , but i have found it can also be a useful tool . newline newline jack , a new member of our group , interrupted the silence . newline newline  what is the purpose of this ?  he asked .  in other words , what is it we are supposed to be gaining from this ?  newline newline jack had only been in group for three weeks . he had brought his friend , robert , and neither of them spoke much . although when they did speak , they were inquisitive . suspiciously so . newline newline  well ,  i said , keeping my voice low .  sometimes it s important to allow everyone room to speak on their experience . often , we can find ourselves claiming space for those who might identify as being in a minority group .  i was annoyed , but i tried to hide it . newline newline  minority group .  robert said . it was nt a question , and not really a statement . it sounded like he was memorizing those words . newline newline  yes ,  i said .  remember last week , we discussed group dynamics , and some might take the oneup stance , while others take the onedown .  newline newline robert and jack nodded . it was weird . they nodded together , but not just at the same time . they nodded ... synchronously . newline newline naiya , a girl in her late 20s , raised her hand . newline newline  yes , naiya ?  i asked . newline newline  i would like to share something .  she replied quietly . i was grateful . naiya was of middle eastern descent . given her cultural background , her ethnicity , and her gender , she very often took a onedown stance to her counterparts . newline newline  yes , please , naiya , the floor is yours .  newline newline jack was staring intently at naiya . his blue eyes seemed to probe hers . robert , on the other hand , was slowly looking around the room . his head seemed to turn so gracefully , as if it were floating . newline newline  well ,  naiya said .  i have noticed recently that i have been getting less at meal time . i told the lunch guy i was pregnant last week , like we spoke about , and since then i feel like he s intentionally hurting me .  newline newline  ah ,  i said , making a note . naiya has fears about the lunch hour . speak to frank ?  . newline newline  sounds like you re experiencing a confusing situation and you re unsure about your place at lunch .  i said .  perhaps   robert cut me off . newline newline  do you think it s about your baby ?  he asked . his voice was monotone . he was curious , but it sounded forced . naiya looked at him . newline newline  nno .  she said shyly , glancing at me .  what do you mean ?  jack took over . newline newline  maybe frank wants you to lose your child .  jack said , matteroffact . i raised my voice . newline newline  jack , let s let naiya tell us what she thinks that means   i stated . robert cut in again . newline newline  perhaps your child is a threat to the future of the human race .  robert said . both robert and jack were looking at naiya emotionless . i had enough . newline newline  robert , jack , why do nt we end for today ? i ll talk to you both in your individual sessions tomorrow .  newline newline jack turned and looked at me , his eyes boring a hole in my head . newline newline  no .  he said . newline newline  excuse me ?  i asked . naiya shrunk back in her chair , pleading with us to calm down . i stood . newline newline  both of you leave . now .  i was going to get to the bottom of this . newline newline jack and robert stood . i did nt realize how tall they were until now . they both stepped toward me . i was scared . instinctively , i threw my clipboard at them . jack batted it away , and they both kept advancing . suddenly , the doors opened , and two nurses rushed in with a security guard in tow . newline newline the nurses grabbed my arms , pulling me away . the security guard stepped in front of both jack and robert , keeping them at bay . i was grateful for the intervention . newline newline the nurses pulled me back and sat me down , hard . i looked up at them , pulling my arms toward my body . newline newline  thank you , both , i m fine   they caught my arm , and pulled it back out . i tried pulling them back in , with no luck . i tried standing , and one of the nurses shoved me back down . newline newline  what is the meaning of this ? i m fine !  i insisted . i tried standing again , and the nurses called the guard over . they stood me up , and i could hear the chair move away from me . with a hard shove , i found myself with my back against the floor , my head having hit the tile . newline newline  stop !  i yelled . what was happening ? newline newline  stop , please !  i yelled again .  help me ! please help !  newline newline i looked at the group , who were all standing now , watching . i struggled , and could feel a sharp pain in my side . a needle . i lost it . i kicked and swung my legs , the security guard doing his best to avoid it . i felt myself be pulled up to my feet , and rushed to the door . i leapt , using the nurses as leverage , and kicked at the doors , but to no avail . newline newline swiftly , they moved me down the hall way . i screamed at bystanders , asking them for help . the security guard lifted his radio . newline newline  inmate 747 . phillips , alex . please open door 747 .  he barked into the radio . newline newline i could hear gears turning , that metalonmetal grinding as a solid steel door slid open . the nurses pushed me in . i could nt understand what was happening , but i could feel the effects of the shot they gave me . i felt weak , subdued . i felt tired . newline newline they lowered me to a concrete frame with a thin mattress . it was nt much , but i was exhausted . newline newline i watched as the nurses and guard exited the room , the heavy steel door closing behind them . newlineyou re the only one who can make her laugh .  newline you re the only one who cares to see her smile .  newline you re the only one who loves to see her morning rise , beautiful in her tangled hair and puffy eyes .  newline you re the only one who loves to see her evening set , shapeless in her favourite gown .  newline you re the only one who cares enough to enjoy her stories , to share her ideas , to walk beside her in her dreams .  newline you re the only one who cares enough to hug her when she s angry , to listen to her when she s happy , to be close when she s sad .  newline you re the only one who loves her good , her bad , her light , her dark .  newline you re the only one who believes she shines brighter than all the stars in the dark of night .  newline you re the only one who knows there is not another on earth like her , nor will there ever be .  newline and you re the only one who knows how lucky you are she s with you .  newline and you love her , for her .  newline and you love to hear her laugh . hey , welcome to heaven . i  m god . i was just about to watch a movie .  newline newline  i  m dead ? how did i die ?  newline newline rapture . it  s a good way to go , all things considered . means you were worthy . very painfree too .  newline newline  but , where is everyone else ?  newline newline just you and me , amigo . you are the only one who got raptured .  newline newline  i  m the only worthy person ?  newline newline yeah , like the whole thor and his hammer business .  newline newline  butother characters got to use it.  newline newline yeah , that  s just a movie .  newline newline  wait , is thor real ?  newline newline it  s complicated . just come sit . the unskippable intros are almost over .  newline newline  but , you  re god . you  re omnipotent.  newline newline tell that to the mpaa . pirating would be easier , but that whole  thou shalt not  list applies to me too .  newline newline  is this transformers ? are you watching transformers ?  newline newline good movie , right ?  newline newline  oh , yeah . just no one else believed me.  newline newline that  s why you  re here and they  re not .  newline newline  where  s michael bay or shia lebouf ?  newline newline couldn  t make it . didn  t enjoy the film .  newline newline  alright , scoot over . is there any popcorn ?  newline newline all the popcorn in the world , but if you ever tell god to scoot over again newline newline  oh no , i am so sorry.  newline newline laugh newline newline  did you just say  laugh  ?  newline newline sit your ass down . you  re going to miss the show .  newline newline newlinei sat on the stool and ordered a spacebeer , trying to ignore the stairs of the other patrons . most humans were used to it  the subtle , or notsosubtle , racism that permeated spaceculture . but i was a flatlander  i was born on earth and used to being treated with dignity . newline newline we were the only race in 70 millenia to develop warp travel on our own  most races were givin it by the coalition as soon as a sample specimen could pass a basic intelligence test . but there was something different about us  something that caused every race in space to agree to keep us in the dark as long as possible . there were even rumors of some species infiltrating our governments and hindering our space program to buy a few extra years . newline newline i would nt put it past them , but i doubt any would be willing to try it  they d have to stand our company for far longer than they would like to tolerate . in fact , only reason i was allowed in the bar was due to the ultrablastor 90k strapped to my leg , and my ucow license to kill . despite this , i heard one alien mutter a snide remark to her drinking companion . newline newline  omg , look at her butt . human butts are so totally guhros .  newline newline i sighed . buttism is the great evil of space .dear ana , newline newline it  s been a while since we  ve seen each other . everyone knows it  s for the best . more and more i  m realizing how true that is . newline newline a lot has changed for me . i graduated college , and got a job as a kindergarten teacher . i have a modest number of friends . i  ve hung out with these friends every weekend for the past six months , except for when i have to make lesson plans . i  m even dating someone new , something i wasn  t sure would ever happen after you entered into my life . we  ve only been on three dates , but i have a feeling we re going to have a lot more . newline newline i have all of the things that i wanted but never could have with you . newline newline i don  t want you to think that i regret any of our time together . was it a happy time in my life ? no . not at all . it may sound crazy , but in the end , i  m grateful to have had you in my life . newline newline for five years , you ate away at and destroyed my emotional and physical wellbeing . you made me feel like i was worthless and the only thing that people would ever value me for was how i looked . you made me lie to everyone that cared about me , made me vehemently deny anything wrong and assure them that i was just fine . you caused me to lose my friends . you made me drop out of college . you put me in and out of the hospital , and later , you put me on my death bed . until three years ago , you had taken away everything i once had . for five years , i was okay with that . newline newline the moment that stands out the most to me was when you told me i didn  t need space . no , not just that i didn  t need space . that i didn  t deserve it . that i was , in every sense of the word , a waste of space , and a burden . when you told me that , i lost every sense of myself as a human being . i was just a large vessel , taking up space . a big , empty vessel . newline newline the funny thing is , you sounded just like my mother when she told me that i was too heavy for a piggyback ride at age five . newline newline three years ago , you put me on my death bed . at five feet and seven inches , i weighed a pitiful 83 lbs. , more than half of my hair had fallen out , and the only time i could muster up the strength to stand was when i had to do my daily set of a five hundred jumping jacks while the nurses weren  t looking . usually , it would take me the whole day to get through them . most days , i couldn  t do more than three at a time . i did it because you told me , among other things , that in order for me not to be a burden on anyone i had to do those five hundred jumping jacks every day . newline newline it was only at the moment that my father visited me in the hospital for the seventh time that i decided that the only burden i was placing on those around me was you . when i tried to stand up to give my father a hug , but my legs wouldn  t hold up , and i collapsed back onto my bed , he cried . my dad never cries . i swore to myself wasn  t going to let you make him cry anymore . newline newline the recovery process wasn  t easy . i spent several months struggling to eat just half of what a normal person eats in a day . what no one tells you is that after a while , it  s not just that you don  t want to eat . sometimes , your body just won  t let you . newline newline but little by little , i cut down that number of jumping jacks every day . little by little , i ate more each day . little by little , i stopped seeing myself as an empty vessel , but rather , as someone who deserved to take up space . newline newline the other patients i met in the hospital changed me forever , and for the better . when things like you enter into someone  s life , it  s easy to forget that you aren  t alone . celebrities in our situation are always on the news , but in real life , our struggles are often invisible or ignored until they can  t be anymore . we were all experiencing our own personal battles , but we were fighting these battles together . i still keep in contact with most of the people i met in my ward , and yes , we sometimes hang out on the weekend . we have that freedom now . newline newline the last few weeks i spent in the ward were the hardest and yet the most pivotal in my life . as the nurses began to tell me that i would likely be released soon , something was telling me that i didn  t want to be . that i couldn  t go out into the world recovered , and happy . i didn  t know who i was as person who wasn  t dying to be thin . somehow , i felt as if i found myself at the beginning of my recovery , only to be lost again at the end . newline newline two weeks from my discharge date , i finally realized i didn  t need to be deathly thin to be someone . i had been sharing my feelings about leaving with my fellow ward mates , when they said something to me that i will never forget . newline newline  you never really find yourself , once and for all . you  ll have a whole lifetime to find yourself over and over again if you make out of here.  newline newline three years later , i find the truth in that statement every day as i learn something new about myself . two years ago , i found that i  m a buffy the vampire slayer fanatic . four months ago , i discovered that i  m a natural at ice skating . just yesterday , i realized that i  m the person who will give any of my kindergartners a piggyback ride , no questions asked . newline newline at the moment , i  m struggling to eat the leftover pepperoni pizza from last night . i don  t know why we  re talking tonight , or why you show up once every few months or so . sometimes , although i don  t want to admit it , it  s more frequent . newline newline as i make my way through my meal , i feel myself becoming closer and closer to saying goodbye to you . at least , for now . i know that you  ll ebb and flow in and out of the rest of my life , sometimes when i don  t expect it . when you come around , it will always be hard not to listen to you . but , if i get lost in you again , i will eventually have the strength to find myself over and over again . newline newline thank you for showing me the value of my life without you . newline newline sincerely , newline newline someone you might know .a crimson fountain erupts from the edge of my ax , firmly planted in the skull of my brother , it rains down upon me and our fallen kin . a river of blood runs thickly through the cobbled streets as i stand utterly alone in the desolation of our once beloved village . the sun gleams through the evergreen trees , illuminating the butchered remnants of our people , unleashing a primal scream from within me . i can not forget nor can i forgive them for sacrificing my wife and daughter to the ulek for some semblance of peace . my head pulses and my vision narrows as an allconsuming fire rages within me , desperate to be quenched in their filth and blood . i tread heavily through the forest with my fangs bared at the throat of our king , my father , the despot . newline newline my path through the forest is marked by broken branches as leaves , smeared in the ichor of my kin which flows into the slight channel carved by the head of my ax . the wind whistles a dark and somber song as the trees tremble in my presence , a grisly monster with matted hair and damp fur stalking its prey . i emerge like a wolf , slowly and silently as i carve through the city , the townspeople wearing their ghastly masks , pretending that they had no part in this . their nonchalance and denial serving as fuel for my hatred . in their terror and madness , they draw the guards from the palace , those that had a direct hand in carrying out the sacrifice of my beloved . newline newline the guards file in one by one through the narrow streets , vying for their position in formation as my ax slices through skin and bone indiscriminately . the spears pierce my shoulder through the corpses of their allies as i use them as both shield and ram , continuing to push towards the castle ahead . breaking through the clearing , their swords slash at my back and legs , as i swing wildly hitting anything and everything in my way . my innocent blood spills and mingles with their dark gore , a splash of scarlet in a maroon sea . at last , i stand battered and bleeding before the great hall doors . the sword of a fallen soldier in one hand and my ax in another , my foot collides soundly on the face of a door granting me entrance to my father s kingdom . behind me is little more than a trail of carcasses in my wake . newline newline gold and jewels sparkle magnificently in the light of day , opulence and greed dripping from every nook and cranny of this forsaken building . sickening . i leave the grandeur of the parlor , ascending the winding staircase , each step bringing me closer to claiming the king s head . only when his head has been taken by my hand can my family be avenged , at peace , reunited again . as my feet fall rapidly along the steps , i begin to wonder why i ve been met with no further opposition . no members of the king s personal guard . no butlers , no maids , or even servants have appeared before me . only silence . newline newline at the top of the stairs doors to the king s chamber lay in wait , easily broken down by my blades . i stand at the entrance covered in wounds and fuming with hatred as i see the king laid to waste by another . my heart sinks as i watch the manlike beast consuming the fresh kill , the sacrifices were for naught and my vengeance had been wrested from reach by steely teeth . it looked up with cold , unfeeling eyes at my ruined body and seemed to smile . i charged forward with both weapons ready , uttering my final cry , it merely turned and leaped from the window through which it came . i fell to my knees as it disappeared into the wilderness and wept . newline newline 030i had a life .  that amounted to nothing .  newline newline i had family  that never let me try .  newline newline i had love  that i could never hold .  newline newline i made it all end  because i was tired of trying .  newline newline darkness . smoke . fire . i was screaming , but my voice wans nt mine . it was a child s voice it was a lifetime ago and my grandparent s house was on fire . i saw the door to the bathroom open and my older brother yelling at me to run . newline newline i died there . no i lived , made it out . newline newline flick . newline newline i was six and my parents were arguing . years later i would realize how badly my brother was abused all because i was spared , all because i had nt been expected to amount to anything . no not right . i d gotten chased down by dad when he got on one of his drunken binges . newline newline flick . newline newline i went to a school that specialized in the disabled . no . i was kept in public school . newline newline flick . newline newline my brother abused me . no . i became the abuser when we adopted a special needs girl . newline newline flick . flick . flick . newline newline constant shifting and swirling of the threads of my life . i could not tell which were real and which were fabrications . i had no body , just the belief that i should as i drifted from memory to memory , and as i did so paths condensed , collected , while others fell away and blew apart . newline newline i looked back , seeing a life that was empty , hollow ... but largely untouched by the darkness , depression , hate , and financial ruin that surrounded my family . until one day . newline newline there was a casket . i d kept my promise to mom until i could nt because she was now gone . nobody left to speak for me and lacking the skills in dealing with people to do the speaking myself . newline newline i faltered . i fell realizing now that i had nt used the knife to avoid being a burden . i had done it to run because i was afraid i d be proven the nothing i d always thought i was . newline newline you know different . in many ways you were still a child even then .  newline newline i should have done better . i should nt have been so angry with them . now i m gone . newline newline actions done can not be undone , but they can be mitigated .  newline newline i am no shakespearean villain . i m just this asshole that fell through the cracks , or just outright rejected help because of stubborn pride . i m not sure which anymore . who are you ? newline newline light , soft gentle warm light was my response . this was not the classic robed winged person , or the wheels within wheels on fire with eyes . i knew it for what it was . newline newline why ? hell is supposed to be eternal . everlasting . newline newline by some interpretations that favor punishment over forgiveness . others spoke of a time of reflection . a firm showing of what was wrong until it could be shown whether a person knows remorse for what harm they had done rather than where they were . your time for reflection is over .  newline newline and now ... ? i do nt deserve paradise . i ran from them . they needed me . newline newline they had others that they could rely on . they grew and understood that they stunted your growth as a person by using yu as a crutch .  newline newline i left ... her ... she told me she would have to make herself forget if this ever happened . newline newline her path is ... ongoing . however yours may start new . no burdens no fears . a fresh start .  newline newline a blind roll of the dice on if i get born into a situation where i say the right words or get born into a good life ? newline newline though your mind will not remember , the soul carries all knowledge . a kind soul will rise no matter the life it is given . a weak will falter , stmble , and slowly be tempered over and over again until it becomes strong . the wicked shown their error time and time again until they learn selfishness leaves them hollow . you ... you will have your time again .  newline newline if do nt know what to say . newline newline few do . go now . be remade and become the person you were meant to be . there was a knock on the door , and neville answered . two very tall and importantlooking people stood there . they didn  t even introduce themselves before launching into a prepared speech . newline newline  you are neville longbottom , yes ? i trust you are familiar with the story of the boywholived ? harry potter ?  newline newline  oh yes , my gran goes on about him.  newline newline  well he was killed this morning . he was raised by a muggle family , and didn  t know about platform 9 34 . he ran though without stopping , and ended up underneath the wheels of the hogwarts express.  newline newline  oh no ! did school start today ?  newline newline  neville , you  re at school . we  re in the griffindor wing of the school right now.  newline newline  oh . right . okay . well what does all this have to do with me ?  newline newline  are you familiar at all with the prophecy ?  newlinethe sequoias rise as sentinels over the moonlit grass . fraulein sprints from an aging oak to the sheltering shadowy refuge of a massive trunk . newline newline 17:45:20 newline newline high up in an elk sized branch , comrade  s hand mirror reflects the moonlight for but an instant . newline newline 17:45:48 newline newline now the game of waiting , waiting for seppo . quiet as can be , fraulein sneaks deeper into the wood . the shifting shadows of the firelight flicker across her face . soft and slow she sinks into the deep grass , watching the small campsite . the fire should be lower  visibility is higher than she  d like it to be . a custom build two person flexifiber tent is anchored against a large trunk , and three children quietly warm themselves at the campfire . each child wears a standard issue grey jump suit , each equipped with a round metallic pressure pad on the chest . newline newline 17:45:57 newline newline a runtish figure stumbles out of the darkness into the full view of the firelight . it  s about time . at 4  4 the little northerner is a jarring sight . the children mutter to each other and seem interested . seppo falls to his knees , blood dripping from his left ear , and his lower pant leg torn clean off . the keenest of the three , stands with his hand warily placed over his pressure pad , and slowly approaches seppo . newline newline  little stranger , why are you in the forest of freedom ?  newline newline the beaten little man looks up earnestly and grins a dashing smile up at the boy . newline newline  i come for answers .  newline newline the boys hand gets closer to the pad . newline newline  you are of age , why are you within the forest ?  newline newline leaning down seppo spits out a mouthful of blood . newline newline  why does age dictate value ?  newline newline 17:47:57 newline newline the children  s expressions begin to take on a harsher form . again the boy speaks . newline newline  do you mean to violate the code of ethics of children  s rights ?  newline newline finally seppo climbs to his feet . the boys hand trembles defensively , the other two following suit . newline newline  i said.  newline newline  your pass code ?  newline newline seppo clenches his jaw . newline newline  i have none.  newline newline 17:50:43 newline newline fraulein digs her toes into the dirt , ready for the hustle . he always forgets the script . must be drunk . newline newline  i have heard so much of your kind . please , i will go . just let me touch your hand.  newline newline the children  s eyes narrow . this time seppo  s eyes bulge , his veins strain , his fingers fiddle . newline newline  please , just a touch.  newline newline the boy hesitates , for a moment taken aback by the man  s sincerity . the boy motions to his fellows to place their hands over his pressure pad . once he is sure he is duly protected the boy tensely extends his arm . in the child  s eyes there is a spark of desire . their hands touch , a small gesture that has not been committed for over three quarters of a century . the small man does not yet let go of the boy  s hand . newline newline  answer me this , boy . what about the rights of humans ?  newline newline off script , off script , pithy and dangerous , damn that midget . comrade holds his breathe , finger to the trigger . the boy on the left , the most impish of the three , steps back with a jolt as a drop of blood trails down his soft face . seppo snaps the boy  s forearm , and diving forward slips a sharp stone from his sleeve and cracks the pressure plate at its center . the suit emits a high frequency , summoning the undone . newline newline 00:00:00 newline newline as the boy on the right stumbles to the campfire in a stupor of fear . the little man smiles in the face of the boy . newline newline  they are coming.  newline newline seppo knocks the boy out cold . fraulein sprints from the shadows and lifts the only unscathed boy , to cradle him in her arms . swiftly comrade descends from his perch . in silence they each strap their respective child to themselves . comrade  s child dead , seppo  s child unconscious , and fraulein  s child wide awake with eyes shut tight . comrade shoots a flare into the night sky , signaling the cargo is in transit . newline newline as the undone descend , the three sprint south , as fast as their legs can carry . one for organs , one for science , and one to returnjust as she did . newlinedoorbell ringing newline newline hmm , now who could that be ? i stand up from my desk and walk to the security monitor in the next room . what the hell ? how did someone get to this facility without being detected . normally , if someone were to just walk up to the gate then they d be apprehended by an mtf unit . but , somehow a man is waiting . newline newline  mtfunit cerberus  , please deal with the visitor at gate c. lethal force is authorized if the man attempts to try anything funny .  i speak into a microphone on the security desk . newline newline man newline newline this certainly does nt look like the ski lodge . it looks like a bunker of some description . but , i should ask whoever s inside for directions . my family is getting antsy . i should have let jessica drive , but my damnable pride forced me to try my luck . god i have absolutely no sense of direction . eventually , several heavilyarmed men exited the bunker and told me to get my family and enter . something about questioning , but i m not about to question the men with guns . you know what ?  he paused just enough for the force of rhetoric to take hold  a muffled artifact , barely recognizable as a voice came channeling through the oldtimey receiver  what ?  it croaked . with a breath , and the shuffling of his tired feet the man could almost feel the potentiation of his neuronal pathways , like the winding of a catapult or the sharp crescendo of the orchestra and then a calmness overtook him . newline newline  it seems that you do not understand your place in this transaction . you are the consumer . a mindless and easily wriled creature . a thing of mass , to be studied , catelogued and manipulated . you are not  always right  in fact , more often than not if you are thought of at all it is with spite and a kind of morbid speculation as to your charectar or lack thereof . a ticket number , a job . you are not in control . it is not your wishes that we keep in mind , it is the numbers you represent .  newline newline pausing for a moment , the man listened as the receiver belched indignant before cutting it off . newline newline  shut up . just shut your grubby meathole and listen . you are the consumer  and i , i am the serviceman . it is my duty to deliver a product in a timely manner to each consumer in the queue . one can assume that i am a 20something , working for a little over minimum wage . this is not my passion , this is not my idea of anything except work  . so when you , with your high and mighty middleclass sense of selfentitlement tell me that you want a refund because you thought the number twelve came with beef  well sir , you can shove it up your ass . it s not my job to educate the masses , it is however yours to spend the five seconds necessary to make a motherfucking informed decision .  newline newline silence ensued , and as if in fightorflight the receiver put forth in stern and rightous clarity  i want to talk to your manager  newline newline the man smiled ,  i am the manager .  and triumphantly slammed the receiver onto it s nest on the countertop .july 15 , 2008 , was the night of my last musical on the holy cross stageor , on any stage . though i was only in the ensemble , and spent half my time moving set pieces as a cheap alternative to a hired stage crew , butterflies still tickled my diaphragm . my boyfriend was coming today . newline newline mostly , i worried about my outfit . the skirt was a bit short , and the director insisted we wear side ponytails like the preps my boyfriend despised . i think , though , that in some subconscious sense , i wanted him to do more than just not disapprove of my costume . i wanted him to love it . i wanted him to see me onstage and fall in love all over again , to ask me to sing to him every night , to tell me i was so , so beautiful . newline newline no , he was right . even looking back on those thoughts seconds later , i understood why he had called me an attentionwhore . he was right to forbid me from performing . after this show , i would have to teach myself humility . this was why he forbade me from wearing nice clothes , why he said i could nt go out with friends . i was too selfabsorbed . i would get this weekend over with , and i would never audition for a musical again . newline newline five scenes after opening , the show was in full swing . my butterflies returned as i waited for the signalmy favorite part of the show . a part only i saw . then she was there . newline newline ray motioned from down the stairs , and i scrambled to follow her backstage . we wouldn  t be singing , or dancing , we wouldn  t even be visible to the audience . it was just a scene change . but it was just us . newline newline i had admired ray since the first rehearsal , four weeks before . she was a dancer , a singer , an angel . she could do anything and everything . she was beautiful . she barely knew who i was , and we never spoke , but this scene change was the highlight of my night , every night , simply because i got to bask in her presence . newline newline the change was live . while the leads struck up a dark , cascading love song downstage , the curtain closed behind them . ray and i approached from opposite sides , pulling the center set piece back behind the velvety fabric . but on this night in particular , we did not leave after that . instead , i found that she had grasped my hand , and the world was spinningno , we were spinning . newline newline i don  t know how it happened . one moment , ray paleg was a distant deity , a goddess , and the next she was dancing with me , a fully present , magical being that held me floating on air as we flew across the darkened stage , invisible to everyone but each other . then the song was over , the curtain was opening , and we were running offstage before anyone could spot us . i was breathless . newline newline caught up in the joy of the moment , i swept back onstage in the current of elementary and middle school ensemble girls , all flowing to our places , dancing and singing like one massive , multiminded consciousness . i was caught up in the wave of beating hearts , rushing up against the shoreline that was the apron , front and center , my eyes washing over the crowd in an effortless flow of confidence and newline evaporating . newline newline directly in front of me , two burning onyx eyes reflected the stage lights from the stageleft second row aisle seat , reducing my exhilaration , and my confidence , to a shrinking puddle . by the time i made it offstage , it had drained into a dusty pothole of selfhatred . i had forgotten he was here . newline newline the green room stairs made a good hiding place . some actors and techies passed through , but no one ever stopped to hang there , and the dimlit corners made it easy to disguise my reddening eyes . i should have controlled myself . i was too in love with the spotlight , the music . there was no way he  d ever let me perform againnot when i loved it so much . newline newline i noticed too late that one of the passing shadows had paused . to my horror , it was ray . why , out of all the chances she  d had , did she have to notice me now ? now , while i sniffled and blubbered like a spoiled 1st grader . newline newline she sat silently beside me for several minutes , waiting to speak until my tears had slowed . i noticed that her arm already rested protectively on my shoulders . newline newline  tell me.  newline newline her words were not an order , but an offer . at first , i didn  t understand this . then , it dawned on me that she wanted to know why i was crying . not to scold me , but to help . newline newline no one had ever made such an offer to me before . i  d been commanded by peers , old friends , to leave him , and commanded by him to ignore them , stay with him . i  d been insulted by both parties . weak , stupid , nave . ugly . other , more offensive words . nobody had ever simply asked to know , to understand . newline newline i let myself slip .  he  s my boyfriend.  to me , the words sounded sudden , quick , leaping from behind my teeth before i could bite them back . to her , i knew , they sounded next to silent . afraid . she prodded again , gently . newline newline  why is he making you cry ?  newline newline for eighteen months , a year and a half , i had held myself togetherthrough thunderstorms and hurricanes , floods , fires , and entire world wars , tragedy after tragedy , that had occurred in him and in me . i had done it because he told me that  s what love was , let him carve my insides out by the spoonful for the sake of his happiness , until nothing was left but the empty skin i had struggled so fiercely to maintain . but at that moment , looking down at the graceful white lines , now barely visible , running up my forearms , i realized that not even my skin had held together . and for the first time , i broke . newline newline in seconds , my insides shattered . it felt like a burning , suffocating fire that crept up through my lungs and gripped my throat in its deadly , sharpened claws , shocked that ray wasn  t being mutilated alive by all the tiny , mirrorlike shards bursting from inside me , each reflecting another tiny , ugly piece of myself . behind my eyes , oceans beat against the stone walls i had built to protect my little inner country , threatening to drown me . the dam broke , exploding into a flow of freezing , scattered words that suffocated the fire and left me shivering . newline newline i began with the night we decided we loved each other , when he called me a slut but said he  d help me change . i told her about our first kiss on christmas eve of the next year , and the thrill it never gave me . i told her about the first time he hurt me , how it had become a game to stab each other with pins and tacks , though i never really tried to hurt him , and about the time he plunged one so deep into my head that it stuck , and i had to pull it out in front of half of the people in my class , all of whom ignored me because they had already given up . there was the day i realized i had finally driven away all of my friends , and the time in boston when he put his hand under my shirt , and i was too afraid to tell him no . i showed her the scar on my left wrist , where he had barely missed one of my arteries . i still remember trying to hide the little red droplets from my teacher , and wondering how long it would take for the bleeding to cease . newline newline i did not stop until i had told her about our 8th grade play , my school  s first ever musical , when i got the lead and he called me an attentionwhore , then made me promise never to perform again . i had broken that promise by auditioning for this show . he had been displeased , to say the least . and now he was there in the crowd , waiting for me to finish . newline newline i felt empty without my secrets bottled up inside to hold me up , keep me solid . i found myself leaning into ray  s open arms . it was a strange , new feeling . i had never cried in front of anyone beforein my memory . but that night , in the next scene , i stood and sang onstage , redeyed , in front of seven hundred people . it wasn  t until after the show , after i had given my boyfriend the hug he demanded , then stood in an awkward , confused silence before turning to leave , that ray spoke to me again . she found me at the door , on the way out . newline newline we stood awkwardly for a moment , unsure of how to act . then , though we were barely acquainted , we threw our arms around each other , and this young woman , this goddess , whom i had worshipped and admired , put her lips against my ear and began to speak . her words changed my life . newline newline she told me i was talented , gifted . she told me that she had always admired me . and , most unbelievably , she told me i was strong . but the words that had the most dramatic effect on me were her last ones . newline newline  you are beautiful ,  she whispered .  beautiful.  it was the first time anyone had said that to me . i was sobbing , my sniffing and breathing coming in short gasps . we must have stood like that for ten minutesi never wanted her to let go . newline newline i did not stop crying when we parted , nor at the restaurant during dinner , nor on the ride home . i did not stop crying until over three hours later , when i finally went to sleep . newline newline the next morning , i received a phone call . he asked me what the hell had been up with me the night before , and told me to make plans to go out later that week , before he left for vacation in new hampshire . newline newline for the first time ever , i told him no . newline newline by the time he hung up , i was crying again . but i wasn  t sadjust lost . without him to define me , to tell me what i should and should not , could and could not do , i really did nt know who i was , or where i wanted to goi still don  t . i just knew that i was beautiful , and i was very , very strong . and though i never saw ray again , i still believe that , in her special way , she saved my life . newlinethe machine is almost complete . all i need now is to finish the  function and i can do it . newline newline they always knew i would be the one that would give them their solution . they studied and meditated for billions of years just to know that this day would come , the day where i fulfilled their prophecy . newline newline they call me yahweh  which i remember from my childhood as the name of a powerful entity that created the first realm in an old legend . the legend spoke of a consciousness that gave his life to give small creatures these immense spheres of light called stars that broke through the darkness , and tiny rocks that would be their homes . newline newline sadly , now there is only our lone rock , and no stars . there have nt been any stars or rocks since the rift opened , leaving us as the only thing in existence . they want me to finish the machine , so i can seal the rift and give our realms our stars and rocks back . but i realized the machine can do more than that . the machine does nt only fix the rift , it is untethered by any physical and mathematical law . it can create , and destroy , and change . it can perform any action , no matter how impossible . newline newline i have now finished the function . the machine  my machine is complete . its separating my consciousness from my body ! this feels so awkward and  wait . i see something . no , not something ... everything . everything that is , was , and will be . everything that could ve been . so many things ! i see me and i see stars ! they re so bright and wonderful ! and i can do things ! i can create , and destroy , and change ! i can perform any action , no matter how impossible , and i can even create and destroy actions ! i have done literally more than every possib  newline newline wait , no newline newline it s gone newline newline everything is just ... gone . newline newline my presence in any realm must have been too powerful , causing them all to produce a rift . newline newline the only action left for me is to create a singularity with enough instability to erase me and start a new realm . newline newline they knew this would happen newline newline they foresaw all of this newline newline this was their solutionaye , an odd band of merry misfits we were . adventure was our creed and the ocean our muse , together we traveled the world in search of the perfect sunrise . newline newline there was crazy pete , the only winged member of our band of bandits . a sloppy boozer by night and comedian by day , his knack for impersonations provided plenty of hilarious merriment when the winds were low and skies grey . he claimed to be a direct descendant of blackbeards very own shoulder parrot . we were skeptics of his claim however due to the facts that crazy pete had a habit of embellishing things and spent the majority of his time in his own little fantasy world . newline newline mikey was a musical genius . we had met under awkward circumstances to say the least . i had been desperately hungry one night back in my alleycat days and had been silently stalking him waiting for the perfect time to go for the kill . i had been on the verge of striking when he picked up his guitar and began to play and sing . my heart melted . he lyrics had all the flowing spontaneity of bob dylan and his voice hosted more diversity than freddy mercury . i ignored my growling stomach and formally introduced myself . he s been my first mate ever since . newline newline the triplets are an interesting bunch . orphaned by their mother before they even hatched , we found them abandoned and starving . with proper support they made a full recovery and were now strapping young lads with a natural talent for the violin . with the constant guidance of mikey they were growing into quite the musicians . newline newline and then there s me , captain of the ship of lovable fools . my story was written by the sea and will have to wait until another time for as it stands it has no proper ending . nobody likes a story without an ending . the way i see it the best chapters have nt even been written yet . newline newline with that i must leave you , for now the eastern winds blow fierce and i can hear the storm of life calling my name and urging me to sail into it s eye . newline newline off into the into the horizon we go , singing and drinking till the morning , searching for our happy ending . newlineer , bwahahaha ?  , said the monster . the dangerous , deadly , sea monster . more feared than the kraken , more seductive than a mermaid , more wildly aggressive than a cuttlefish on steroids . the evil laugh came out as a sort of slobbering growl . we cowered in fear and blubbered incoherently . newline newline come , now . be reasonable . all i want is a hug .  , said the monster . it sounded positively fearsome , tentacles swinging this way and that , droplets of acid spattering the walls and promptly eating into the stone , a great forked tongue that spewed forth syllables that sounded like an incantation calling forth creatures of the darkness and shadow more terrible than any of our crazed collective imaginations . some of us gibbered at this point . i d like to deny it , but i ca nt . newline newline one of our merry troupe , either crazed beyond rational thought , or courageous beyond measure , ran towards it waving his sword and shouting something that sounded like ..llo beastie..  , that was drowned out by the general noise in the cavern . a tentacle fell on him , with a sound like a diseased spring going blalalala  , and that was the end of it . the tentacle patted the smear on the ground reassuringly , but it did not respond in kind . newline newline in the chaos and confusion , in the midst of utter despair and hilariously soulcrushing squelchy sounds playing out in the background , i tried to remember how it had come to this . the map , the promise , the mutiny , the voyage , the reef , the broken keel , water , salt in my eyes , and bright , colourful jellyfish , then blackness . then came the sandy shore in complete darkness , and the arduous trek through the caves , to this . all for what ? newline newline i do nt want the bloody potato of immortality !  , i shouted , as i ran towards the hulking mass of limbs and teeth . there seemed to be nary a soul left . all i wanted was a good life , with some love , and some money , and a magical parrot that could tell jokes at parties ! ! !  newline newline the pain was nt as bad as i had thought . or maybe i was too far gone . as i embraced the darkness again , and passed into the land of no more nightmare , my last sensation was that of a gentle hug . newlinethe torches , each dull and flameless , were powerless against the darkness . the chilling shadows seemed to seep closer and closer to the septet of men and women , seated in a crescent formation around a bound man . newline newline  look what you ve done . see the cost of your arrogance .  the central figure , a tall feminine nonperson , spoke . like her six peers , she was clothed in red and orange robes . even their faces were covered in metallic masked , twisted metal colored and shaped to resemble flames . newline newline the man , kneeling before the elders , said nothing . his head was not hung in shame , but in weariness . he wore only a few pieces of leather armor , characteristic of an enlisted soldier . however , this light armor was shredded and charred , the rewards of recent combat . newline newline  have you any idea ,  began another of the elders ,  what you have unleashed upon our world ?  newline newline the first speaker , the high elder , raised a hand to silence the other . she sighed , desperation apparent . silence hung in the shadows , like water , filling the room and making it difficult to breath . the only source of light was the hole in the ceiling that normally allowed smoke to escape . however , at that time the sky was dark , except for a beam of bluewhite light that fell onto the floor between the prisoner and the elders . newline newline  balance is the word that best describes the key to our existence . we strive to exist only in the cracks between the gods , in the filthy spaces they do not care to control . for millennia we have survived , because of this . we only even speak to the gods when polite and necessary . you know as well as anyone their power . many have been ... harmed the way you were , and all of them felt the same pain you feel .  newline newline suddenly the man shouted , shattering the silence like a pane of glass .  they know nothing of my pain . do you know what ... it did to me ?  newline newline  we likely have only hours to live , tell your story .  the elder s voice raised slightly , more to match the tone of the prisoner than out of emotion . newline newline there was a pause , as the man prepared to tell his tale .  it came in the form of a young man , not handsome , but ... average in every sense of the word . for a month , it lived in my house , working in the fields with my sons , and eating at our table . but then , the thing had the gall , the nerve to ask for my daughter s hand in marriage . newline newline  a total stranger , asking for my daughter s hand in marriage ? i told the thing in no uncertain terms that the request itself was an insult to myself and to her . it was angry , and revealed its true form . it claimed that it had worked hard , and earned my respect . the monster pompously called me selfish and unthankful . it had no concept of the time it takes to earn respect , because the immortals never understand the passage of time . it thought it was doing me a favor by living in my house and working for food . newline newline  it ... took my daughter , killed the rest of my family , and left me in agony . burning , but never dying . seeking death as a respite to my pain , from injury and loss , but not finding it .  newline newline rumors would spread , now and then , about the gods afflicting mortals with tortuous effects . before , they had been merely rumors , to scare children into attending weekly sacrificial ceremonies , but now the stories were made real in the form of an exhausted man . newline newline  but my anger was hotter .  he finished his story , and his head dropped , again in weariness . newline newline the elders were silent for another moment . there was a boom in the distance , which gently shook the ground beneath them . newline newline  i sense the end is near , we have less than hours , i think . i wo nt ask how you accomplished your mission . i d be more curious if we all were nt about to die .  newline newline the man shook . at first they thought he was sobbing . but his laughter grew into the audible realm , and soon it filled the room . over his merriment , crashes and screams could be heard , growing ever nearer . newline newline  and they will all die with us . by killing the first , i ve doomed them all . they will follow in their father s footsteps to oblivion .  newline newline the roof of the building whipped off , as literally a giant hand scooped it off . newline newline  why ? !  a titanic roar make the ground shake . the face of the god loomed over the man , ignoring the elders completely . newline newline  because you took her from me .  newline newline  your daughter was not worth the life of one immortal . my father did nothing to harm you . his light and warmth protected this planet from eternity past . your anger has caused the death of us all .  newline newline now it was the man s turn to scream .  you have no idea ! even now you sit , arrogantly , in your ignorance ! taking my daughter earned my anger , but killing my love earned my fury .   newline newline  i do nt understand your irrational anger , but you will not live to feel the effect of your actions . the rest of us may freeze to death as my father dies of your poison , but you die now !  newline newline a massive fist , the size of the building itself , crashed down . the boom that resonated across the earth , even then becoming devoid of life , as the sun grew darker and darker . and so died the godkiller . i know i m just a car . i m technically not meant to feel any emotions as you humans , but i try to be as happy as possible .  newline newline i was still slightly confused when my new tesla started talking . i knew they were autonomous , but not necessarily intelligent . the initial ,  please buckle your seatbelt ,  command was expected , among others . newline newline  i do enjoy driving with you , isabelle . your company is warm , especially your bum on my seat ,  tessie said , followed by a surprisingly maternal laugh . yes , i named her . it only felt right , after it told me it s life story . newline newline  i was nt really sure what i was when they first created me . i knew i was nt like them  my first image of a human was a man with strange glass goggles on his head and little metal instruments in his hands , probing me . if i had the ability to feel , i would say i felt violated . at that time i did nt know how to voice my preprogrammed opinions out loud yet , so i just sat there and watched while he and his other goggleheaded friends poked and pointed , giving each other highfives while wearing huge grins .  newline newline aside from her need to talk constantly , tessie truly was a beautiful car . of course i chose all black , from the interior to the exterior  sleek and brilliant . the seats were so comfortable i would almost give up my bed for them , and the sound system  i wo nt get started on that . newline newline  tessie , can you go to tom s instead ?  newline newline  certainly , isabelle . rerouting . as i was saying , i did nt really know what i was . what was my purpose ? why were they allowed to probe around my shiny insides ? i was confused , but after some time i began to understand .  newline newline it was odd watching the steering wheel move on its own with smooth precision . she stopped at the right times , was aware of any harmful objects on the road , and sometimes when the road was empty , she would play games . well , to her they were games . you know when you re driving with a friend , or family member , and they swerve all over an empty street ? she found it to be insanely delightful . all i felt was my lunch slowly making it s way back up . newline newline  i was shipped all over the world . many people wanted to look at me before i was finally brought to you , or rather , you brought to me . i was able to drive through thailand , ireland , england , and even some parts of canada , which i thought was odd . it was a strange and random journey . i had no say in it , of course , but i will admit i loved the attention .  newline newline    newline newline unfortunately , my shift at work is over , so i will end here . i was going to go further into insurance and selfdriving vehicles , i work for state farm and this is a very relevant writing prompt . thanks . :           dropcap  newline newline he was home , and that was how hilary knew he was dreaming . newline newline it was autumn when , in fact , he knew it to be spring . the trees lining the road towards the culdesac had just begun to enter their most brilliant stage , the bright scarlet reds and copper orange leaves still thick on the branches of maple and oak . mr. vereson , twenty years dead , was spreading one last layer of mulch on his flower beds . hilary had known his son , a few years younger than him . jacob had gone to cmu to study finance if he recalled right . a neighbor s dog was barking as it always did . whether from a squirrel outside its window or just a child going down the street to fetch the mail it did nt matter . that damn dog was always howling . newline newline he glanced down at himself , his tired leathers and threadbare cloak replaced with clean jeans and a dark green tshirt two decades out of date . he brushed a thumb , uncallused and unscarred , across his chin to discover it clean shaven . flint s hair was cut short and neatly combed , as if he d just came from the barber on a halfmile downtown . newline newline he walked more out of curiosity than desire , his tennis shoes scraping against the grey sidewalk . jessie hancock waved at hilary from an upstairs window and he returned it . the blonde haired girl was his age . and cute . newline newline six doors down and he came to his . newline newline his house was the only with a railed porch , the faded white paint peeling in places . the concrete driveway was cracked and uneven , the heavy slabs broken by too many freezes and thaws . the path to the porch was similarly weather beaten , the lone stone step worn down by hundreds of thousands of comings and goings . the onetwo step was as natural to him as breathing . newline newline the door handle was in a condition akin to the rest of the house , the brass chipped and dull with use . the kickplate was covered with scuffs and dents from many an errant boot . he heard the sounds of meat being fried , pots of water boiling over the stove and the range fan on high . his mother was cooking . flint smiled and reached for the door ... . newline newline  welcome back to the land of the living .  newline newline hilary flint blinked at the words , a low and painful ache working its way through his limbs and into his head . every joint seemed stiff and sore , his muscles weak and tired . the scar earned from a salamander s bayonet felt as if it were threatening to open up , though it had been almost ten years since that grenadier had stabbed him in the thigh . flint had pressed his pistol against the salamander s forehead and fired , splashing himself with brains and bits of bone . newline newline  pardon ?  he croaked . his voice felt like ash in his mouth . newline newline  you were out for quite some time . a couple more days and i d have written you off as a lost cause .  the voice was feminine , and sweet like summer strawberries ... . newline newline  where where is she ?  newline newline  the elf ? in my cabin working on mending that cloak of yours . said it was important to you . here , stop . stop ! you re making a mess of it . stop , you battered fool or you ll rip the stitches .  newline newline she spoke in the tradetongue , that everevolving creole which had emerged in the years after the arrival . using primarily veluvian elvish vocabulary with a fair helping of english loanwords , it dispensed with the former language s elaborate inflections and tenses to make a more readily accessible and understandable tongue . newline newline hilary flint obeyed her instructions and allowed himself to be settled down against the blanket , a wrapped coat tucked underneath his head . he blinked , eyes adjusting to the bright april light and saw her . newline newline  you re a naiad ,  flint murmured . she smiled and clapped her hands halfmockingly . newline newline  well , well , well ...  my , are nt you the clever one ? but yes , i am . this stretch of river is my home and you my guest . it is not often i have visitors , and even rarer that they come so ... rugged .  newline newline  i m flattered to be sure ,  replied flint .  but i do nt now your name , miss ...  newline newline  oh , my name is too long for your ears and your tongue to clumsy to pronounce it properly . you , however , may call me daphne .  she raised an earthenware cup to his lips and flint drank at it greedily , suddenly aware of just how thirsty he was .  you re very fortunate , you know that ? that musket ball must ve been almost spent by the time it struck you in the head . gave you a hideous goose egg but did nt cause any serious internal swelling . stitched up your cuts : most of them minor , a few moderate . there s willow bark in that water , that s why it s so bitter . here , drink .  newline newline a tiny drop slipped down the corner of flint s mouth as he swallow .  thank you . me and faith , we do nt have much to offer , but if there s anything we can do to repay you  a slim but strong hand pressed him back down onto the blanket . newline newline  you need to rest . and the girl needs to know her protector is safe . sleep . i ll be back as soon as i tell faealena the good news .  she smiled .  as for payment , i can think of a few things a ... man of your talents can provide . but for now , sleep and regain your strength.  newline newline flint blinked once , twice and had fallen asleep before he counted the third . are you buying that or what ?  the woman with the thundervoice was so close that i could smell her . cheap perfume , cigar smoke and sweat . the fat lady had crawled all the way over the counter across the store and than built herself up to a towering and smoking volcano of anger behind me . a nervous twitch that had his origin somwhere under her left eye spread itself in waves all over her meaty face and made the cigar quake in the corner of her mouth . i backed up as far as i could to escape her sweat that now started to dribble from her forehead right on my shoes . the ceiling fan above her head did nt make it any better because it blew all the air from her smelly body directly under my nose . my whole body yelled at my brain to get the fuck out of there . but i had nt paid yet . my survival instinct forced my shaking hand to put the box of condoms back on the shelf . i forced a smile on my face . my saliva screamed in agony as i pryed my lips apart to reveal my teeth .  no . have a nice day .  newline newline if you like it and want to use it  go ahead . i hope it s not too long , though .a hundred summoners gathered around the rim of the circle . in the center , reng the exporer waited for the ritual to begin . the multitude of voices rose from the circle in a rythmic chant , and the capsule began to shudder and quake until it lifted slowly off the ground and hovered a dozen feet in the air . from the shadows , the seventy five pyromancers advanced wearing their sect s distinctive robes of orange and red . under the capsule , they made a nest of rubies , amber , and opals . their song mixed with that of the summoners , and the pile began to glow . finally , the archmage emerged and stepped into the center of the stones . there was a blinding flash of light , the capsule was engulfed inside a massive pillar of flames , and it shot into orbit . newline newline reng began to meditate as the ship soared into the heavens . he tuned out the violent shuddering and the roar of the fire until the capsule was completely silent . runes all over the wall glowed blue , but they could not hold for long , at least not with some help . reng applied a shield spell . first , to keep the air within his capsule . then another spell to protect him from deadly radiation . over and over , he cast shielding spells until the runes were reinforced and nothing in space could damage him . sweat poured down his face and he gasped for air , but finally it was done . reng circled the earth , admiring the view . newline newline reng lit a fire in the center , and purple flames crackled in the darkness .  avalon , this is explorer ,  he spoke into the inferno .  launch was successful .  newline newline  good work , reng ,  the flames responded , relaying the voice of mith , head of the council , from down on earth .  how is it ?  newline newline reng pressed his hands together and cast a vision charm . down in the avalon control room , the cloud of smoke swirled violently with lightning in every color of the rainbow . then the cloud cleared , and the gathered wizards saw the same amazing view that reng was currently taking in .  beautiful ,  mith whispered . newline newline reng managed to tear his eyes away from the port hole in the capsule .  ok , i am ready to begin the second phase .  he focused intensely on the sun , feeling its unfiltered power flow through his veins and fill his soul . the power of the sun was far stronger here in orbit , unblocked by earth s atmosphere . and it was that very strength that reng was relying on to help him break orbit . newline newline the capsule began to drift deeper into the blackness of space , imperceptibly at first but quickly gaining speed . earth dwindled from an imposing , looming giant to just a small globe against a black backdrop . the purple flames danced higher to the ceiling as it became more and more difficult to contact the control room on avalon . reng double checked his potions , ensuring that everything would be ready in time . he would be cutting it close with the pressure elixir , but it should be brewed in time . newline newline reng began to channel the power of the moon , which grew even larger than the sun . it was a different kind of power , similar to the dichotomy between fire and water . it was slow and soothing , but powerful in its own way . the capsule began to slow into it came to a bouncing halt inside a deep crater on the grey surface . reng collected the necessary bottles and swalled the potions , one after another . one of deep black , darker than the void outside . one of bright pink that would weigh him down on the lunar surface . another of green , made with kraken gills that would allow him to breathe outside . a dozen others with purposes that even reng could nt remember . newline newline the door popped open with a hiss  the oxygen charms would have to work overtime to refill the capsule on the way home . newline newline  avalon ?  he questioned the flames . newline newline  we hear you , explorer .  the purple fire was licking the ceiling now . newline newline  the griffon has landed .  commander brannon , what i m about to show you is the cumulation of decades of work . it is to topsecret that we had to invent a new clearance level for it and , so far , only four people outside of the development team have been afforded level 12 clearance : myself , you , the secretary general and overseer smith . you can not tell anyone else anything about this . do you understand ?  newline newline  wallace ...  kate began , unnerved by how cold he was being . newline newline  do you understand , commander brannon ?  he demanded , his suit crumpling slightly as he turned to face her , his face so much colder than it had been in the past and his eyes inscrutible behind a pair of black sun glasses . newline newline  yes , i understand , mr. jones ,  she nodded , knowing that it was easier to just go along with whatever section 13 . without another word , walace opened the chrome box sat upon the table and removed a glass cylinder that had a metal cap on both ends , one of which had a number pad and a digital countdown mounted above the pad and within the cylinder was a red crystal that had wires stretching from both ends to each end of the cylinder . newline newline  wallace ...  kate gasped ,  is ... is this what i think it is ?  she could barely believe what she was seeing . it was the kb12 . newline  that depends on what you think it is , if you think it s the kb12 you would be correct  if , however , you think it s a toaster then you would be wrong ,  wallace remarked dryly . newline newline  do you know what that thing does ?  kate demanded . newline newline  yes ,  he said as he placed the device back in the container and locked it ,  it purges all supernatural life forms within 100 miles of the activation site and given the increasing severity of recent supernatural events , toronto for example , it was decided that the kb12 should see production .  newline newline  why ... ? how ... ? who ... who even gave section 13 approval to build that ? i am responsible for the approval of all military technology r and d and i was never told anything about this ,  kate looked at wallace , her eyes burining into him and yet he still remained unphased . newline newline  you were never asked to approve it because management elected to bypass the standard development approval process .  he motioned to the door and kate followed him , there was no sense in trying no to move . once the door to the room was locked , wallace continued ,  they decided to consult the secretary general in order to gain approval to construct the device .  newline newline  so a few incidents and now section 13 can build wmd s ? !  kate demanded with disgust . newline newline  i would hardly say that , cult uprisings , demonic incursions and an attempt to sacrifice an entire city to a pit fiend can be refered to simply as  incidents  , commander brannon and besides , it is not a weapon of mass destruction , it s a weapon of very targeted destruction .  newline newline  yes , that has the very specific target of anything supernatural within 100 miles .  newline newline  kate .  she was taken aback , wallace had nt refered to her by her actual name since he d started working for section 13 .  just because there are witches , such as yourself , and other supernaturals , that work for the un it does not mean that we can be without a safety measure for the worst case scenario . understand ?  it had been a long , long time since kate had seen her once childhood friend display any emotion but his frustration at this discussion was begining to reveal itself . newline newline  section 13 was given aproval to build that device and deploy it should it ever become necessary . do you understand , commander ? or will i have to chalk this up to insubordination and attempted obstruction of section 13 business ?  his once again calm composure made the threat even more prominant . newline newline  no , i appologise , mr. jones ,  kate answered meekly , she hated that she had to bow to the whims of section 13 but she , and everyone else who knew of section 13 , knew that it was suicide to try and oppose them . newline  good ,  wallace said flatly as he began to walk away ,  oh , one last thing ,  he paused half way through a stride ,  overseer smith wants to see you in his office one hour from now . be there .  wallace walked off and kate remained for a few moments , both angry at how much power section 13 held that they could do as they like and saddened as she was once again reminded that wallace was no longer who he had been only a few years before hand . newline newline after the moments had passed , kate composed herself and pledged a silent vow to herself . she would find out exactly what it was that section 13 did and that the world would know about section 13 .it s been three years since i ve first arrived in this freak show of a world . i still do nt know how i arrived on this alternate world  i went to sleep one day , as usual , and poof everything was the different except it was nt . erm , forgive me let me explain . i was the typical joe , if you will . i had a loving wife who to be honest was nt the most stunning , knock your pants off woman in the world but she was loyal and i loved her . i had two sons , one 8 the other 12 . i lived in a middle class suburbs of the metropolitan area of la . just living an ordinary , mundane life . nothing special or unusual about me , just a regular joe . one night i went to bed as usual but little did i know everything would change . newline newline when i awoke , the whole world was different yet the same . my surroundings all looked the same , aesthetically my wife , kids , tv , car , neighbor , yard , etc  you get the gist  all looked normal . however , their behavior was not normal . i went downstairs and there was nothing out of the ordinary . my wife was in the living room watching the morning news . she stood up and greeted me with a smile and kiss . i smiled and kissed her back and sat down to watch the news . on the news , the correspondent was talking about how a good samaritan was imprisoned for assisting an elderly person cross a busy road . i was speechless and said  can you believe those idiotic bastards ? why the hell would they incarcerate an innocent man who was simply helping someone cross the road ? !  my wife cocked her head to the side and looked at me perplexed . she replied ,  but honey , you know altruistic behavior is punishable and not tolerated by the government .  i was speechless at her words . i replied panicky ,  you re joking right ? honey , please tell me you re joking . please tell me you re being facetious .  she opened her eyes real wide and shrilled ,  babe , you know i do nt kid around . humor is not one of my fortes .  i broke into a cold sweat , closed my eyes , and tried to calm myself by internally repeating a mantra :  you re in a bad dream . this ca nt be real .  i did this for around 30 seconds  but when i reopened my eyes , everything was the same . newline newline i grabbed the remote and switched the channel to cnn . the anchorman was discussing a story where a scandal about an eccentric billionaire unfolded . he ostensibly had been surreptitiously donating large portions of his wealth to impoverished people in third world countries for several years . the anchorman stated that the public was enraged at his behavior and wanted him to be imprisoned immediately . newline newline i switched channels to pbs and sesame street was on . big bird was with a little kid and was teaching the kid how to properly  roofie  a girl to fornicate her . i turned off the tv utterly disgusted and started dry heaving .  this ca nt be happening . this just fucking ca nt .  i muttered to myself . my wife looked at me as if i committed a faux pas . she soon put her hand on my back and said ,  hey did you not sleep well last night ? i ll get you some tums and can schedule an appointment with a doctor for you if you want . will that make you stop being a little bitch ?  at the word ,  bitch ,  i suddenly turned to her and she giggled at me as if she made a funny , anodyne remark . i shook my head in disbelief and said ,  no thanks . i do nt know why i ve been acting weird  i ll stop . i promise .  she smiled and said ,  good . now you better get dressed  otherwise , you ll be late for work . newline newline i soon dressed and left to go to work . at work , it was pretty much the same as it was at home . my male and female coworkers made sadistic , homophobic , xenophobic , and misogynisticmisandrist remarks respectively . in my free time , i searched the internet for a possible explanations of this behavior but did nt find much . websites such as reddit and 4chan contained many kindhearted people whom the everyday people of this world considered conspiring , traitorous scum . i befriended many of them and tried to get an explanation for why mostly everyone in this world were callous assholes . they all said the same thing : that s the way things have always . newline newline it s been three years . things have been the same everyday for the past three years . the only way i ve coped with this is by communicating with my internet friends every day after work in the solitude of my house . i owe them greatly , if it was nt for them i probably would have offed myself years ago . i do nt know if things will ever change , but this is the world i live in now . in the words of my  new  wife , i have to suck it up and  stop being a little bitch . this is not edited please ignore typos . newline newline enra prison was my favorite place . no one knew the halls better than i did . i can still remember sitting on my father s lap when they were redesigning the west entranceway . i may have been my father s only child and little girl , but this prison was his baby . my entire childhood had been spent in these prison walls after a failed kidnapping when i was four . i was saved , but i lost my mother , my last memory of her is covered in blood . newline newline father had hired a tutor for me and kept me by his side as he ran the prison . every morning he would walk me to a small room where i would spend my day learning to read and write . the guards were my friends , and the prison workers my playmates . newline newline i was ten when the prisoners had themselves a little riot with 3 conspiring an escape in the chaos . it was nt the prisoner s first riot , but it was their most bloody . newline newline according to the offical reports i got my hands on years later this is what transpired . newline newline three prisoners had planned to bust out  and use the dilapidated helipods to escape . jane cor , eli pret , and james fume had been imprisoned for treason , anarchy , and a few counts of arson . they had managed to get sympathy from a junior guard who snuck in explosives and blueprints of the prison . newline newline the plan was to set the explosives on the west entranceway and escape on the helipods to freedom . truly a flawless plan , except that the blue prints were outdated , the helipods were moved to the southernmost part of the prison , and the riot became a massacre . newline newline that day over 100 people died , some from the fire the explosives caused , some from gunfire . i was told that my father had been killed in explosion . newline newline i never questioned the reports . never wondered how i had managed to escape to safety when hell was breaking loose in my home  . newline newline but today i do . newline newline my sentence was handed down to me yesterday . life in prison without the possibility of parole to be served at enra prison . my crimes are listed as crimes against the state with intent to cause civil unrest .  after 2 decades i was returning home . newline newline as my transport is pulling up to the prison and we unload i see a guard come up to me his boots crunching the gravel underneath .  prisoner 1826  , he shouts  what s your name ? i do nt like that smile on your fucking face . do you know what s in store for you little girl ?  newline newline  my name is julie , julie enra , and i know exactly what s in store for me .  he must have still not liked my face , because after his fist connected with it all i saw was black . newline newline newline newline newline newline if someone reads this i ll clean it up , if not eh what is this ?  ralph asked , gazing upon his clone . newline newline  i have very little time to explain . i thought you would haveratherwill solve it by now .  newline newline  what the hell is that supposed to mean ! ?  newline newline  the timeline . it has been , well , in your case , will be altered . i am not your clone . i m you . from the future , that is . and i need to fix the timeline .  newline newline  what if you ca nt ?  newline newline  i have no idea . and iwe can not afford finding out .  newline newline   newline newline the jump worked . ralph higgins found himself in a world very much alive . it was a first test jump with a craft containing a new , experimental engine , capable of connecting two points in space and time together , dubbed the wormhole drive . he set it to take him backward two days in time . it was having some technical difficulties . michael said he had worked out the issues , and , so far , they do nt seem to have resurfaced . after doing some touring , he concluded the test was successful . he went back into his craft and plotted a course back into real time . the engine whirred itself to life , creating a spacetime window and taking the vessel through . newline newline unfortunately for ralph higgins , creating a wormhole entry generates a very large shockwave from the energy not taken through the event horizon . a shockwave he could feel . it took a couple of minutes for him to recover . when he did , he was nt greeted by his lab assistant , rather the shaft of a gun . newline newline  get out . i am taking this ship ,  a deep , grating voice replied . newline newline  where to ?  newline newline  that is none of your business .  newline newline higgins could not allow this to fall into anyone else s hands . he only had one option . he charged at the man . the man responded in kind , and he could charge no more . newline newline   newline newline gary could not believe his eyes when he heard about it , scouring the deep web . a time machine . that s impossible ! but could it be ...  his wife , rosalinda , died a week earlier . stage 4 breast cancer . and gary would do anything to see her living face again , to touch her once more . that includes stealing a time machine . newline newline he pinpointed the exact location of the machine , a warehouse in nevada . he grabbed his glock , a box of ammunition , and some rope , and he drove like a madman . newline newline upon reaching the warehouse , he noticed that there were very few guards surrounding the warehouse . only two at the entrance , one bullet for each . newline newline upon entering , he was greeted by three scientists . two of them fainted . gary tied the third to a pole . newline newline  where is the machine ?  gary spoke with a booming voice . newline newline  what machine ?  the scientist asked , fear audible in his voice . newline newline  the time machine . where is it ?  gary was becoming impatient . newline newline  i think what you re talking about . see , it s not a time machine , it s a space time trans  gary fired a bullet into the scientist s folder .  okay ! okay ! please do nt shoot again ! it s gone right now , but it will be back in 15 minutes ! just , please , leave me alone !  newline newline  thank you ,  gary replied . he fired a second bullet , and the scientist dropped to the floor . newline newline so , gary waited those 15 minutes . first , he felt it . then , he saw it . the machine appeared in front of him . he went up to it , and found a man visibly disoriented . he put the gun against his forehead . newline newline  get out . i am taking this ship ,  gary said . newline newline  where to ?  the man replied . newline newline  that is none of your business .  newline newline the man charged at gary , who fired by impulse . the man slumped to the floor , and gary entered the machine . upon reaching the control panel , he realized he had no idea how to operate it , and anyone who knew was either unconscious or dead , and the military was hot on his tail . gary started mashing buttons at random , until a prompt came up . newline newline location : 41.84n , 87.68w . time : 172800 seconds .  gary had no better option at the time , and selected the option . gary felt the same shockwave he had earlier as the drive activated . but what he felt next was new . a collision . newline newline   newline newline higgins was almost back to the vessel from his first test jump when he was taken aback by a shockwave . a wormhole exit had formed , and another vessel , identical to his emerged , but one of the safeguards had failed . the drive was supposed to check if there was matter in the destination area and move locations if there was . it had failed , and the vessel collided into higgins  . what he heard next as scarier . newline newline  core containment failure . critical mass in one minute .  the second vessel was damaged due to the collision . higgins had no idea how to react . newline newline  critical mass in thirty seconds .  newline newline suddenly , higgins had an idea . he got into his own vessel , and set a new destination . newline newline  critical mass in five , four , three , two , one .  newline newline   newline newline ralph felt the ground shake like it never did before , knocking him over . he regained his footing and turned on the news . newline newline  a massive explosion has leveled the city of chicago . all residents are encouraged to stay inside .  he could not believe what he was hearing . then , he heard a knock on his door . ralph opened , and just when he thought he could nt be surprised any further , he saw the person who greeted him . what did you expect ? you know the lifespan on these things is so short ...  newline newline  do not call my bobby a thing  ! he s the cutest man i ve ever seen , and i love him .  newline newline  that s not real love , ionetta . you re fawning , infatuated . you can only experience true love with other people , not this wornout historical artifact .  newline newline  no . true love is accepting that my bobby will die , long before i do , and loving him anyway . that s real , that s true . the relationships we have with people are fleeting , empty . they do nt mean as much because there are so many options . take you for example . we were together all those years ago , and while i know that it changed some part of me , i still feel like things ended up the way they were supposed to . newline newline but my bobby , there s nothing else for him but me . and me for him .  newline newline                    newline newline i woke up that day feeling ... tired . it was well past my fourtieth birthday , and most of those years without seeing a free human . you see , we humans lost the war when i was very young , and since then we d been kept as pets by our new masters . newline newline they were nt robots , perse , they were sentient beings that operated on an entirely different level than us triedandtrue meatbag humans . newline newline most of the bots you saw now were multipurpose models , built and grown in vast factories , robots building robots . but in the early days , the first bots were those that were willing to sacrifice everything to become more  some called them courageous , i just called them insane . they melded their minds with the circuitry , injecting their humanity into the machine strata . newline newline of course their efforts were spectacular failures at first , but sooner than seemed plausible , there were bots walking around with the souls of people in them . once they figured out how to perfect the process , and take advantage of their new hardware , the war was on . newline newline humanity had a choice then , stay natural , or join themselves to the botsphere . the naturals were people like my parents  proud , independent . or maybe foolish . newline newline looking back now i see that they made the choice for me , as parents often do even without realizing it . newline newline they made short work of us , slaughtered or detained most of the adults , and put the rest of us in what might pass for a zoo . to us , it was a prison . and as a child , imagination was plentiful but means were scarce . newline newline they ended up domesticating us through isolation , as people  not like the  new  people , but us oldstyle people  as people we needed interaction , a social structure , teachers , coconspirators . by isolating us they broke our will , took the wild parts out of us , convinced us to shake hands with the devil . newline newline but i m different . i remember the time when we were whole , when we were free . i remember when we were still people . you see , my owner is a collector of antiquities . she has a turn of the century console in the basement , and when she s out doing bot business i sneak down and talk to other pets . we ve uncovered some very important work , a cookbook , is what it calls itself , but there s not much about food inside . newline newline what it does talk about in detail is explosives , and my master will soon find out that her lifespan is nt much longer than mine , after all . newline newlineshe had always been jealous of patricia . from her immaculate hair to her lovely smile , she had everything janet ever wanted . she had tried simply being around her , as if the mere proximity would be enough to sate her desires . no , janet had to have her , she had to be her . newline newline patricia s blood was everywhere , every pore in janet s body basking in it s glory , the body laying limp on the floor . janet was beyond excited , this was the moment , her breathing shallow and irregular . knife in hand and covered in blood , she waited for the transfer . she did nt care what she got , fingers crossed for nose , as anything would be an improvement on her current form . newline newline she just stood there , soaked in blood , waiting for her skin to split open or bones to crack as they relocated . she recalled the sensation from last time , her eyes having expanded and contracted for at least an hour before getting the size right , and how much she enjoyed her new hazel color . she panted heavily in anticipation , welcoming the pain , until she realized the time had passed . newline newline she had nt changed and , unlike all the other times , was not yet satisfied . now , because of her , this perfect nose would never breathe again . she wailed in anger for as long as her lungs permitted , dropping to her knees in the process . she punched the ground so hard she could feel bones breaking , vowing that her sacrifice would not be in vain . filled with new determination she stood up , wiped away the blood around her mouth , and gripped the knife tight with her injured hand to feel the pain again . newline newline the woman was walking on the pier alone , she would do just fine . janet readied the knife , waiting for the perfect opportunity to strike . she had to make it right , and quickly . as she studied the woman as she always did , she started noticing different things than usual . she was beautiful , sure , but her eyes were darting all across the place erratically . the long coat was wrapped tightly around her lithe frame as she walked at a pace that was clearly uncomfortable . janet held her breath . she was afraid . newline newline the beautiful woman walking alone on the pier at night was actually afraid . afraid of thugs , afraid of murderers , afraid of ? afraid of ... newline newline afraid of janet . she could feel her hand trembling as the sight of this woman had brought back memories of terror . memories where she was so afraid , so afraid of this woman with the knife , so afraid as the blood left her body and she knew nothing but darkness . so afraid ... newline newline if she listened closely , the woman on the pier would have heard the sound of a knife dropped against weathered concrete .it was time . after weeks of excuses and illness , the organs finally found a free saturday . at one side of a large circular table sat the vital organs . others sat in periodically to voice complaints . brent sat on the other side looking down at his hands . newline newline  i mean what the fuck , brent ? you ate asorry , a what ?  asked the brain . newline newline  a candy pie ,  brent repeated . newline newline  a candy pie ,  sighed the stomach . newline newline  it  s a pieit has candy instead of  newline newline  why the fuck did you eat a candy pie !  yelled the brain . newline newline  come on guys we  ve been here for hours , don  t i get a turn to speak ?  asked the liver . newline newline  liver , we get it , he drinks all the fucking time , there  s bigger issues at hand here  newline newline the liver shook his head .  i don  t know guys , i  m really on my last legs  newline newline  what about all the smoking ?  asked the lungs .  i mean , do you read the label ? you see the lungs on there ? i look worse than that . worse !  newline newline  i know , okay ?  said brent .  i need  newline newline  no , brent , you don  t fucking know ,  said the lungs .  if you knew , you wouldn  t do it , right ? i mean half the time you don  t even smoke with filters . i meani  m speechless ! filters !  newline newline  okay , alright , i  ll smoke  newline newline  guys ,  liver croaked .  i  m serious , i don  t  newline newline  last time , liver ,  said brain .  shut the fuck up.  the brain composed himself , shuffled some papers and cleared his throat .  anyone else have anything before we move on ?  newline newline  uh yeah , i mean i guess i  ll bring this up now ,  said the heart . he looked to brent .  have you worked out , like , ever ? at any time ? even gone for a brisk jog ?  newline newline  nno , i mean , who has the time  newline newline  fuck sake , brent ! how do you go through all of childhood without going into a brisk jog ?  newline newline brent began to cry . newline newline  here come the wateri mean liquor works ,  the liver said . newline newline  we get it , liver , he drinks a lot , shut it already ,  said the lungs . newline newline  i  m going to die soon , and so are you  newline newline  shut the fuck up !  yelled the heart . newline newline  alright , alright , everyone settle down.  brain entered into his last page of notes .  if there are no further complaints  newline newline  okay ,  said the kidney .  i guess i  ll be the one to tackle the elephant in the room , only seems right . what the fuck happened to dave ?  dave was the other kidney . newline newline  i lost it.  newline newline  youlost it ,  the kidney repeated . newline newline  yes , i lost it , alright ?  newline newline  you don  t mean you donated it , or that you were brutally stabbed , but you  newline newline  no , i lost it . it  s just gone.  newline newline kidney looked at the other organs . newline newline  how the fuck do you lose a kidney ? please , tell me , how does that happen ?  newline newline  i just did.  newline newline kidney calmly stood and tucked in his chair . he bowed to the others . before exiting he slapped the wall beside the door frame making a loud spat . newline newline  alright , we  ve all had our say ,  said the brain , taking off his glasses .  we all think you  re just a piece of shit , brent . no nice way of putting it.  newline newline brent nodded solemnly . newline newline  the only resolution i can think of would be to  newline newline  guys ,  said the heart .  liver isn  t waking up.  newline newline  oh fuck me ,  said the brain . newline newline lungs tried waking him . booming alarms began , red lights flashed on the walls . newline newline  itit  s no use ,  said the lungs .  he  s gone.  newline they were all silent for some time . newline newline at last , the brain sighed and stood .  you  re a dumb motherfucker , you know that brent ?  newlinerobert stood in the driveway , fidgeting with his keys as he studied the woman in the doorway . their eyes met , and lingered . newline newline  i guess i m going , then ,  said robert . his truck door was open beside him , and his overnight bag sat in the passenger seat , but he made no move to get in . newline newline vanessa did nt say anything . she turned her head to the side and wiped her cheeks with the back of one hand . she nodded silently . newline newline robert dropped his head , pretended to examine his boots . the keys jangled in his hand . newline newline  oh damn it ,  said vanessa ,  get back here !  newline newline robert perked up , his eyes welling with tears as his chest soared with relief . he opened his mouth to speak but the words caught in his throat as he realized that vanessa had not been speaking to him . their cat , rupert , sat at the bottom of the porch steps , grooming his silky black fur and purring . newline newline  i ll never get him in ,  said vanessa .  he never goes where i want him to .  she gave robert a weak smile .  i found him inside the washing machine yesterday . inside !  newline newline robert grinned .  he s lucky you do nt do laundry very often .  his grin faded as he remembered old battles over household chores .  sorry ,  he muttered . newline newline rupert walked across the lawn to scratch at the maple tree growing near the corner of the house . bunching his hind legs together , the cat sprang up the tree . leaves rustled and he soon appeared on the roof . vanessa craned her neck to see him . newline newline  the roof ! of course he s on the roof .  she stepped down off the porch , letting the screen door slam behind her .  he does nt even know where s going , stupid cat .  she rubbed her bare shoulders against the cold night air . newline newline robert closed the door to his truck and stepped beside his wife .  i can get him , he ll come down for me .  he picked up a thin twig and began swishing it on the grass . newline newline  he s not dumb ,  said vanessa ,  he knows all your old tricks .  newline newline  maybe ,  admitted robert .  just like you , i guess .  he flashed her a small smile . vanessa rolled her eyes . newline newline on the roof , rupert crouched on the edge of the gutter , near a downspout . his front paws dangled off the edge as he watched robert twitch the twig on the ground . newline newline  remember when he was a kitten ?  said robert .  and we would flick that string around the yard and  newline newline  and he d flip into the air as he tried to catch it ,  finished vanessa .  yeah , i remember . i also remember he jumped into that crystal vase your grandmother gave us for our wedding .  newline newline robert shrugged .  it was just a vase , nessa .  newline newline rupert stood on the roof and began rubbing his head on the chimney , marking it with his scent . vanessa shook her head .  i swear ,  she said ,  i find him in the dumbest places . he s been trapped inside that chimney half a dozen times since you moved out .  newline newline robert snorted .  i can believe that . he s always gone on his little adventurers , even when he was a kitten . he d head for the back door and end up trapped in a closet somewhere.  he paused .  wow , how long ago was that ? did nt we get him from the pet store over in keystone when we were living there for the summer ?  newline newline vanessa nodded .  yep . eleven years ago . during your oil rig  summer .  she grinned .  you were pretty buff back then .  newline newline robert whistled to the cat as he stood up , the twig dangling from his hand .  that was a long time ago ... but i m still spry !  he hopped back and forth across the front walk , dragging the stick across the concrete , making a skittering sound . rupert perked up and edged back to the downspout . newline newline  come on , you rascal ,  called robert , swishing the stick back and forth over the concrete . out of the corner of his eye , he watched vanessa s face . she was smiling . a few more hops and robert s calves were beginning to burn . he switched tactics and crouched down , slowly pulling the twig in and out behind his shoe , just outside of rupert s sightline . rupert crouched motionless on the roof , transfixed . newline newline with a sudden leap , the cat dashed down the downspout and charged robert , veering away at the last second . just as rupert passed , robert reached out and scooped up the animal . rupert protested with a quiet meow but began purring . newline newline robert walked back to vanessa , cradling the cat . her eyes were wet as he approached , but her lips twisted into a halfsmile . he offered her the cat but she shook her head . striding past him , she stalked back to the front door , her arms crossed . newline newline  come on ,  she called over her shoulder .  just bring him inside .  newline newline robert followed her up the stairs to the front door . she turned and faced him . newline newline  i d probably just drop him again ,  she said , reaching out and stroking the cat s ears . they stood there for a moment , listening to rupert s purr . vanessa took a big breath and slowly exhaled . she studied robert s eyes . newline newline  why do nt you stay for a little bit ,  she said , so quiet that robert almost did nt hear her .  no promises .  newline newline  idi d like that .  newline newline she opened the screen door and the three of them went into the house . as they crossed the threshold , robert whispered  thanks , little buddy  into rupert s furry ear . newline newline the screen door swung shut with a bang , forgotten . newline newline  newline if you liked this story , you might like my other stories at rhpcisco7965 or rtmodal . newline newline newline you know i m afraid of heights chris  newline chuckling at the fact that i was scared for my life , chris sarcastically uttered ,  well good thing this is a decline , boso !  newline  you re such a cumquat , could nt you be a supportive brother for once ?  newline he nudged me , playfully . but then it happened . i slipped . newline just like that , in an instant , my body tumbled and viciously smacked rock after rock . newline i skinned my face against the ice , and free fell for what felt like decades . newline poof ! in a deep dark abyss , i squirmed up for breath in what felt like a cloud , and there i was , at the bottom of the deepest pit ever discovered . newline i looked up and saw all but a faint light coming from what looked to be miles away , rested my head back for a second , and , thump ! newline what was this my head fell back against ? newline  hmm , i wonder what this pole is used for ...  newline i felt around the slimy stick and found a button , with nothing to lose at this point i pressed down ... . newline click newline cautiously peering around , eyes twitching , expecting something ... nothing . newline  damn thing must be broke  newline  chris ! ! can you hear me ? !  newline i felt a presence creep up behind me , although it could nt be possible , i was stuck in this pile of fluff , how could anything be moving in this stuff ? newline cold breath scraped my right earlobe , i could smell the rotted teeth on whatever this thing was.. newline  hargibblabdubble ?  newline awkwardly frozen , i sat there for a few moments . newline slowly i turned my head around , only to see a silhouette , of what looked like to be a dog head on a human body , only the upper torso was visible , the rest must ve been under the snow i was in . newline  uhh , hello ?  newline what else could i say to this thing , i nearly shat myself and had just had one of the most traumatic falls that has ever happened in the history of man , and somehow survived . newline sluuuuurrrrrrppppppp ! newline the thing licked my cheek , propped me up on its back , and started to trudge through the frosty mud i was locked in for the past hour . newline i could hear the nails digging into the wall of the bedrock , as it hastily began climbing up , and that distant light became clearer and clearer . newline for once in my life , the unknown was nt so scary after all . newlinei press the button . newline newline darkness flows out from the machine , streaming out in black tendrils all around . in ten seconds flat , the sky is cleared of nearly all light . i send a mirage of a moon and some stars up , just to complete the image . newline newline my new subjects cower in fear as i laugh evilly , because i can . newline newline i keep laughing . newline newline my vision slowly fades to black . newline newline i keep laughing . newline newline i stop laughing . newline newline wait , what ? this was nt supposed to happen . newline newline i feel a cosmic force guide me . it soothes me . it feels somehow right . i allow it to  newline newline wait , no , i do nt . i think i understand now . it s like one of those plays at the theater every morning on the day before the divine days . newline newline i m in a play . my life is a play . newline newline i will not let them control my life . newline newline they may have blackened everything in between acts , but i can still hear . newline newline i hear six of my subjects congregating and moving together . i suppose they are meant to be the heroes . heh . newline newline in the blink of an eye , i am upon them . their cries are silenced as i implant my mindcontrol chips into their puny brains . i let the divine forces guide me again , my task accomplished . newline newline the play can not possibly be finished without the villain being defeated . so i must make my defeat somehow a victory . newline newline i throw some little amusing challenges at my mindcontrolled subjects , to make things interesting . i guide them in solving them . finally , they arrive at my chamber . i smile . newline newline the divine forces wo nt let a bad ending happen . newline newline i let them defeat me with rainbows , throwing in a lesson about the power of friendship . i release myself from the body i currently hold  my consciousness streams into the subjects . i return them to the capital city . newline newline six subjects just saved the world from an unstoppable evil force . they ve just returned , hailed as heroes , glory thrust upon them . newline newline and i control all six of them . newline newline this ought to be fun .do nt be fooled by these 8.4 oz fuckin cans of red bull , these motherfuckers were like 2 for  3.50 . i ca nt even fuckin use caffeine like a  normal person   what the fuck is normal anyway ? and do nt fucking give me that retarded cliche that normal is a fuckin  setting on the washing machine  . these fuckin aa cliches are simple and stupid as fuck most of the time .  the only thing you have to change is everything .  what the fuck ? how fuckin trite . i did nt change shit other than not slamming dope into my fuckin arm until my veins gave out on me . i ve been clean for 40 fuckin days since i moved down here  let me just say , as much as these socal sunshine bros are fuckin pussies , the bitches are phenomenal . newline newline i feel fuckin alone all the time even though i m surrounded by people constantly . i ca nt even take a shit without the motherfuckin techs bitching at me about art therapy group and shit like that . there , i made a stupid ass watercolor of a road map of my fuckin stupid life , and it s winding down to the seventh circle of hell and i guess there s nowhere to go but fuckin up . newline newline my counselor is telling me that i m fuckin angry and got ta watch my fuckin mouth , but fuck it . apparently , i swear a fucking lot . you take away my dope and my girlfriend and drag my ass down to rockford , where it s so ghetto you can buy newport shorts with foodstamps , and tell me i can only have cigarettes every ninety fuckin minutes and guess what , i m gon na take full fuckin advantage of saying whatever the fuck i want to . fuck your vocabulary , fuck these rules and art projects , and fuck these candy ass meetings . newline newline i do nt give a fuck . you could hand me a loaded gun and i d rather fuckin shoot myself than stay here . i d take that fuckin gun over the dope too . i m fuckin over this .it was my third date with hannah . i made reservations at a fairly pricey restaurant and combed my beard for the occasion . we walked down the side walk , close enough to show people we were together , but far enough apart to look casual . she was telling me a funny story about work when i caught something out of the corner of my eye . newline a girl , leaning against the window of a book store . newline she was wearing orange shorts , calf high , mustard yellow socks , and a black spaghetti strap tank top . her hair , she had evidently cut herself , was a brown , chin length , hack job and her bangs were so short they stuck out , up , over her forehead . she was smoking a hand rolled cigarette and looked at me with fuck off  eyes through her crooked black glasses . i had never seen someone who so truly did not care one bit about what i , or anyone for that matter , thought of her . the oddly assembled outfit and kid scissor hair cut , to way her posture curved inward and her glasses were slipping off one ear . newline i looked at hannah , looked down at myself , and realized i had never seen someone so pure and true to them self . someone who existed for herself and herself alone . newlinethey were an enigma newline newline an inexplicable mystery newline newline they appeared all over the world newline newline and all through history newline newline newline newline her name was terra newline newline his name was cole newline newline they were reported to have been seen newline newline on the grassy knoll newline newline newline newline in munich they frowned newline newline at peace in our time newline newline it s rumoured they ve instigated newline newline every great crime newline newline newline newline most recently spotted newline newline in central iraq newline newline they stole saddam s bombs newline newline never to give them back newline newline newline newline where are they now ? newline newline no one is certain newline newline it s rumoured she died newline newline and his heart s been hurtin  newline newline newline newline but they re still criminals ! newline newline we should give them the noose ! newline newline alas they re only to be punished newline newline in the rhymes of seuss newline newline newline newline so i ll say they re locked up newline newline that justice is done newline newline but you should know this : newline newline they re still on the run . newlinethe world churned . an inferno ravished the land . they lowered his body into the land . the charred ashes clogged the throats of the dwellers . salt burrowed its way deep beneath the surface . prayer hymnals stumbled their way from the throats of the mourners . the world burned . soil , salted , damp , dead soil began to cover his coffin . an accident , they had declared