 around and getting things from the ambulance . george was nt paying attention , he was window shopping for shoes , like we had been for weeks on end now . i could nt keep my eye of the accident . the police car blocked my view but my guess was that some drunk driver ran down a pedestrian crossing the intersection . something inside my ghostly body told me to go take a closer look . newline newline without paying much attention to anything but the accident i crossed the street , when i was half way over a cab drove through me and i felt the cold metal cutting through me , luckily i was already dead . i heard a man screaming and shouting like he had just lost the love of his life . you could hear the desperation in his voice . i went through the cop car and it mess dawned before me . there was a woman in a white dress lying in a puddle of blood on the ground . the emt s were trying everything but i already saw the damned soul coming out , all their efforts were in vain .  what the fudge  i shouted ,  that s not a woman !  . the mangled body was not a woman , no way she could have that bone structure and legs . newline newline i went even closer and it all became clear now , it was a freak accident where a few cross dressing men got run over . i had just begun laughing when i saw the shoes . newline newline   geeeeooooooorge ! ! ! ! !   i cried out   i found them   i uttered in sheer joy and relief . newline newline  george , we can cross finally pay the boatsman and cross the river !   newline newline i almost lost it . george was nt the fastest of ghost but he set a new record . he crossed the street as fast as lightning and i saw the long lost sparkle in his eye return . newline newline we greeted the lost soul and helped him on his way , we stuck around until they put the body in a body bag and grabbed the shoes . i checked the size while george rubbed them in the blood before it solidified completely . we hastily made way to the portal and entered the underground . the sense of doom we normally got when approaching the river was nt there anymore , we were so happy and not even the darkness , the mist and all the human bones could break our mood . we saw a light coming from a far and we were eager to greet charon , the boatsman . he slowly he came closer and besides the sounds of his pole moving through the water it was eerily quiet . charon docked and approached us in his dark cloak . newline newline   do you have payment ?   he moaned in his dead and empty voice . newline newline the first time he talked to me i felt shivers going to the very center of my soul . george remained silent and offered the shoes . charon inspected them closely and waved to the boat . newline newline   you may proceed   he continued in his hollow voice with a newly found hint of hope . newline newline without hesitation george and i continued our way to the boat and waited for charon to cross us . he pushed the boat from the shore and carefully directed us towards the dense fog . it seemed like an eternity but the longer we floated across the river of death the more apparent a strange noise became . newline newline the fog finally disappeared and the shoreline approached . charon secured the boat while we got off , we went to the door and charon followed us . he threw off his black robe , revealed himself in a red dress with white polka dots and black lace put on the shoes we had gotten him and walked up to the door . newline newline   finally a matching outfit   he whispered . newline newline he pushed the door open and said : newline newline   you guys are just in time for the halloween party ! took you guys long enough.   newlinethe caravan they were transported in consisted of six vehicles . there were two police interceptors in the front and back , with four armored transport vehicles inbetween . the four robbers each had a moving jail cell all to themselves . newline newline they had dropped their weapons as soon as the police arrived . a bank robbery gone wrong  that s what the cover was . they knew how little banks carried now , though . the real money was nt in money anymore at all . it was in things .  newline newline the interceptors on either end of the caravan slowed to a halt . newline newline  what s going on ? why are we stopping ? we re in the middle of no where .  newline newline the prisoners were heading to a maximum security prison in arizona . they were nt going to arrive . newline newline the radios went silent , followed by four deafening cracks . the drivers on either end of the caravan got out of their cars , briskly walking to the armored vehicles . after fumbling for the keys briefly , they were able to unlock the inchthick doors keeping the prisoners contained . newline newline  where s the semi ?  newline newline  should be about a half hour back . we have five minutes before there s helicopters searching for them . let s get going .  newline newline one of the prisoners waved to something far off in the distance , then opened the driver door of the armored car and hoisted himself in . he pulled the lifeless driver from the seat and brushed the shattered glass off the chair . newline newline even with the broken glass these trucks go for ten times more than you d think . they keep calling me  ghost boy   joqur said , he found it hard to look into chelsie  s eyes as he said it . newline newline before his choosing ceremony , staring into her eyes was a favorite pastime of his , albeit a covert one . two years his elder , she always seemed to be there for him when he needed her . in a city the size of gilead , her constant presence was truly a featthe logistics of which he had not quite determined . newline newline in part he refused to question out of fear . ten years now they had been inseparable . her touch , her eyes , and most of all her words had kept him going during the most trivial of trials and those more demanding . his most cherished memories of her were blurred kisses , shared under moonlight in the fields of the outer walls after drinking cheap root drink her and other students had stolen or smuggled for the new year celebrations . newline newline yet , since her choosing ceremony two years and not a fortnight passed , she had changed . she was still there when he needed her , without question . yet since receiving her sea eagle she spoke more and more of her travels to come  the lands she would explore , the new tongues , the colored people . these travels of course did not involve the studious joqurhis travels were little else but through ink and parchment . to date , however , she had not left . newline newline and of course she spent time tending to her resonant . sea eagles were large creatures . hers was the size of a man and the wingspan of four . given time and special attention it was said even some could be ridden . newline newline  joqur  chelsie reached over and gave him a soft pat on the shoulder and stared where his eyes should  ve been if his head weren  t downturned . after some time his eyes met hers . she gave a soft but strong smile . newline newline  ghost boy because of all the 79 men of my dayofbirth this choosing ceremony i was the only one to receive no resonant whatsoever . they said my resonant must be a ghost and he hides in the books i cling to.  newline newline  joqur , please stop.  her voice was gentle yet firm . newline newline  i  ve talked to my father as i told you i would . he says the records at the changing gate indicate that this has happened before . in the last century a pair of twins didn  t receive their resonant at their choosing ceremony either . they had to wait a month for theirs to come.  newline newline chelsie lived not far from joqur , though their families were of different report . his family walked to the second wall during the faming season and worked for their rice and roots . chelsie  s father worked in the great temple and her mother ran a large inn close to the capital building . newline newline chelsie  s voice rose in pitch as she saw some light pop back into joqur  s eyes . newline newline  well it has been only three days . maybe i  m like them then ? my resonant has yet to come ?  joqur  s chest finally rose and he pulled his hands away from his face as he took a deep breath and offered a slight smile . newline newline  i think it could be.  chelsie said smiling . she soon began to chuckle and this built in to a roaring laugh . newline joqur  s laughter slowly joined with hers and rose in volume until they were both rolling on the floor in her parent  s sitting room as though they were youngins again . newline newline their laughter was harshly interrupted as chelsie  s father abruptly entered the room . newline newline  joqur ? well , i  m surprised to see you here but relieved . i  ve been sent to find you  joshua was tall , guant and regal . he too spent much time in books . after meeting joqur by chance as a young boy he began paying for his schooling . he always assured joqur that his mind was sharp as any and that no lowbirth could dull the wit the gods had given him . newline newline  my parents must need help with the sorting at home , i  ll  newline newline  no joqur , not your parents.  joshua  s tone was clear , almost harsh . his normal quite demeanor was not to be seen . newline newline  i  ve looked into your choosing ceremony . the water priests at the great gate have informed us that your resonant his here but we must leave immediately . there will be no time to invite your parents  no ceremony at all . this must be done now . i  d be happy to escort you to the great gate and be your witness.  newline newline  father that  s great ! i  m sure i could be his witness though , and i  m sure my company will be much more interesting than yours down the central canal . as if he needs a companion for the three minutes it will take to paddle there.  chelsie shot her father a playful smile and nudged joqur across the chin with her pinky finger . newline newline  chelsie you are to stay here , you presence won  t be needed.  his eyes lacked their usual twinkle and his prose was uncharacteristically witless . newline  father ! i  newline newline  you . shall . stay.  newline newline joqur finally spoke .  chelsie don  t worry , you know i don  t mind being alone . this makes my choosing ceremony that much more fitting.  a sudden rigor filled joqur and he quickly stood tall and met the gaze of joshua .  let us go sir joshua.  newline joshua did little more than nod and they both left the room leaving chelsie still on the floor looking bewildered and hurt . they quickly walked out the back entrance and into their family ironwood boat . they each took an oar and began to stroke . newline newline  joqur , we have not much time . you must know you will not have your ceremony in the choosing room . i will take you through a small channel underneath the sept. you will have your ceremony at the pool of the night willows.  newline newline the autumn breeze was strong , the splash of oars soft , and joshua  s many adornments and jewels clanged the loudest , yet joqur heard his heartbeat above all else . newline newline  i  m not a priest i , i , i don  t even go to the sept as often as i should . i didn  t even make it there but once during the reap moon , maybe twice , i  newline newline  joqur ! listen to me.  joshua  s voice turned deep and sharp . his jaw set firm yet , the muscles of his temples bulged as he ground his teeth yet his eyes revealed sadness . newline newline in the silence created by his outburst their boat passed from the sunlit canal into a darker passage closed off to the sky . slowly they wound their way down into smaller and smaller passages . joqur  s breath quickened as he struggled to keep pace with joshua  s stroke set by his long lean arms . each breath seemed to rip between their silence while joshua  s seemed to struggle only in reserving tears . his movements and breaths were as smooth as ever . newline newline finally , after what seemed to be an eternity to joqur , joshua stopped rowing and pulled his oar in . he gestured to joqur to do the same . they slowly drifted down the canal as joshua pulled a large crystal from underneath his billowing cloths . soon the dark passage was light with the light of an amber crystal , the shape of which seemed to be shifting after each glance though the light was more constant than any torch or gnomic orb . newline newline  joqur , i  ve loved you as a son and i always will.  newline newline their boat continued to drift at a constant pace though they had not pulled and oar for minutes . the tunnel they traveled through seemed to be more ancient by the minute yet the walls were free from any algae or marks of wear . newline joshua stood abruptly and handed the amber crystal to joqur . newlinethere it was again , that strange slightly mangled figured figure atop the dust of our once great civilization . newline newline there was something odd about him . anything which survived the apocolaypse at this point was never anything good in my previous experience , people not willing to do anything to survive rarely do . newline newline three days i ve spotted him now amongst the lingering dust of warfare , with the sun s taunting rays showing flashes of a happier life long gone . through the shimmers he saw sophia , his family , and everything he held dear . as quickly as it all appeared however , the wind rudely interrupted by filling his mouth and eyes with dust  tears always snapped him out of it . newline newline now the cavernous expanse of man s worst creations devoid all . no green lush , no moisture in the air , just dust and the stench of varying types of decay . newline newline with the fall of order , came the creation of utter chaos . without our world s maintenance staff , our ability to rebuild quickly lay in tatters before we even had a chance to . newline newline who was this damn guy ? or what was this damn thing ? his stance seemed ... forced , lacking any sort of fluidity yet somehow maintaining a constant speed . fresh tracks seem to indicate i m being followed too it seems , tomorrow though , i ll be seeing what this fuckers made of . newline newline      newline newline  observation  the sun struggled its way through the ominously black skies , lazily hanging there scorching the flesh of those meatbags unlucky enough to be caught underneath holes in the ozone layer . newline newline luke quickly managed to regain control by slapping his head . going from coma patient in the normal world to fucked up half android version of himself in what must have been hell , was nt it ? newline newline  mission  target is 200 metres and closing . 5 kilometres per hour . armed . nearest cover exactly 14 full paces north west . newline newline luke groaned as his bodies control was ripped from him again . when he focused hard enough , he could gain slight control over something , but then ... newline newline shit ! newline newline       newline newline  gotchya ! you sneaky little fucker . ca nt just be following a man around now .  newline newline there was ice in the words , as his prize lay dangling like a fish in front of him , questions raced . newline newline  who are you ? what in god s name are you ?  newline newline luke sniggered at his choice of wording , not hell then , yet he would still find no mercy or salvation here . newline newline with all his effort his mouth opened , only to produce a short , sharp crackles . newline newline michael stood on , whilst he may have heard robotic noises , the sound of screaming would never leave him ... check .  newline newline she grinned , and surveyed the board . i knew her next move . she did as well . but analyzing things is her nature . cool , calculating , rational . newline newline a delicate breeze ruffled her wavy white hair . it felt nice . simple . pleasant . i enjoyed taking on a human form  the sensations are unique . exquisite . not at all like existence in our realm . newline newline she moved her knight into a defensive position .  finally .  i said , with feigned exasperation . newline newline  rushing headlong into situations is a recipe for disaster . it s a shame the humans never figured that out ...  newline newline  oh , stop .  i cut her off . the dance continues . in essence , neither of us has anything the other lacks . we just play different roles . it s all part of the grand design . newline newline  you must admit , they ve come close to figuring us out ...  i began . newline newline  oh ?  she remarked facetiously ,  enlighten me .  newline newline  the tao , shiva and shakti , the science of the right and left brain ...  newline newline  that is far from a science .  she interjected . newline newline  well , it is rather artistic  i mused , gazing at a young couple on a nearby bench . newline newline  and that is the heart of the issue ,  she continued ,  they can not reconcile ...  newline newline she is nt  evil  , as the humans would say . just rational . the experiment has nt achieved its stated purpose , and likely wo nt . the humans do suffer , but not constantly . if they desire to continue , i say allow it . i let my attention focus more on the young couple nearby . newline newline  ... and we ve discussed their deities exhaustively . throughout the project , they have described facets of our realm . they then proceed to kill one another over minor discrepancies . hardly grounds for a continuation ...  newline newline  check .  i say , cutting her off . she looks at the board . she blinks . have i done it ? did i rattle her ? she is pure rationality . my path to victory is irrationality . i must make moves that are so irrational she can not predict them . can not process them . but she knows this . maybe the blink was contrived . maybe she is luring me in , like a moth to a flame . newline newline she moves her king out of danger . uncharacteristically quickly . no lengthy calculation of the board . maybe she s trying to draw me into her web . or maybe ... newline newline  look at that couple .  i bring the bench to her attention . it s time to make the final push . there is nt much riding on this game . it s just one universe . but i ve grown fond of the humans . i think they have potential .  you remember that feeling , we lived several lifetimes as humans ...  newline newline  it s a chemical process . a part of the natural system . their perception of it is intriguing , but nonetheless ...  newline newline their perception , intriguing ? she would nt cede the game outright , but maybe ... newline newline  perception is a central tenet of this whole project .  at this point , i m just trying to keep her talking . keep her attention on the young couple . newline newline  yes , but ...  she continues . if my knight were one square to the left , i could win this game in three moves . i could slide it over while she s distracted . she remembers where it is , of course . she probably knows the position of every chess piece on every board in this park . but maybe ... newline newline  so you think we ought to discontinue the project entirely ?  newline newline  i feel that after weighing the net results of the last million years in this universe ...  newline newline did she just say  i feel  ? newline moving this piece while her back is turned is outside the rules of the game . if , and presumably when , she notices , she can disqualify me and declare the game over . maybe that s what she s trying to do . newline but maybe she learned something about irrationality from the humans . i actually ca nt tell . but she has a role , and so do i. i slide my piece to the side . newline newline  ... i understand your attachment to the humans , but this is my opinion .  she concludes , still gazing at the couple . newline newline  however ,  she continues , turning to lock her eyes with mine ,  as agreed , the final decision will be made by the winner of this game .  newline newline she breaks her gaze to look at the board . i indulge myself in my human emotions , knowing this could be my last chance to do so . anxiety . a tightness of the chest . a palpable tension . she looks back at me , a trace of amusement at the corner of her mouth . newline newline  your move .  i got him !  newline newline  what ?  a voice shouted from the smoke and destruction of the evil base entrance . newline newline  i got him !  larry repeated . newline newline  got him how ?  the voice sounded confused . newline newline  i got him , he  s dead !  newline newline  no he isn  t.  newline newline  he is.  newline newline  hang on , i  m coming over.  newline newline larry waited as the other henchman made his way through the debris that ultra robo man had caused during his short lived assault on the base . after a few minutes he found his way to larry and scowled . newline newline  ok , where is he playing dead at ?  newline newline  he isn  t playing , he  s right over there.  larry gestured ten feet in front of him to the pile of metallic super hero crumpled on the ground . newline newline  oldest trick in the book , he plays dead , wakes up and breaks all our necks . not falling for that one again larry.  newline newline  he  s dead , i  m sure of it jim.  newline newline  uh huh ,  jim was unconvinced .  hand me that broom.  newline newline jim used the broom to turn the hero over from a distance and promptly turned away to vomit . when he was finished reviewing the contents of his stomach he turned back . newline newline  but he  s bullet proof ,  jim said with drool on his lips and tears in his eyes . newline newline  not his face ,  larry said . newline newline it was true , ultra robo man  s face was pretty much gone , but the robotic armor surrounding it remained completely unharmed . newline newline  this is bad . this is real bad man ,  jim said panicking . newline newline  why ? isn  t this our job ?  newline newline  weren  t you paying attention during this morning  s brief ? we were just supposed to slow him down so the boss could have his big confrontation in the lower levels !  newline newline  oh . oh shit ,  larry said remembering . newline newline  you know what we have to do then ?  newline newline  no ?  larry said . newline newline  well we have to scrape this guy out of this suit and you have to go pretend to be him to the boss.  newline newline  what ? no way !  newline newline  do you want to get written up ?  jim asked . newline newline  no.  newline newline  then help me get him out of there.  newline newline jim and larry set about prying the man away from the suit and were getting nowhere fast until they found the release switch . the suit cracked open and they were struck with and odor so strong it could kill a horse . newline newline  holy hell ! it smells like the men  s room at a baseball game in july on taco and curry night !  larry exclaimed . newline newline  he probably pees in there ,  jim agreed .  better climb in.  newline newline  can  t we at least hose it out first ?  larry asked . newline newline  no time , the boss will be expecting him soon . get in there  newline newline larry pulled the emaciated man from the suit and got in gagging the whole time . eventually he made it and jim closed him up , and luckily the smell stayed trapped inside . newline newline  hey , why was that guy all skinny and sick looking anyway ?  larry asked now that he could breathe again . newline newline  oh , gary ? he killed this guy before you started and we had to stuff him in the suit . turns out you can  t get out until you die.  newline newline  what !  larry shouted . newline newline  oh yeah , happens all the time . i don  t think anyone remembers the original ultra robo man anymore . they  ve been stuffing henchmen in this thing for years so the boss doesn  t lose it.  newline newline  what !  larry truly was a poet . newline newline  it happens . so just go on down to the bosses lair and do whatever , you  ll probably get away and we  ll have to fight you when you come back.  newline newline  why would i come back here ?  newline newline  the current theory is that the suit makes you crazy and your crazy brain makes you keep coming back here . it  s pretty annoying but it keeps us paid.  newline newline  i  m going to tell the boss what  s been going on !  newline newline  good luck , that  s what gary said too.  newline newline larry didn  t hear him though , he was already tearing a hole in the floor to confront the boss . after he was gone jim lit a cigarette and took a long drag . newline newline  see you in a few weeks pal.  newline newline   newline newline thanks for reading , here s more stuff rdirtandponchonovember 3rd 2059 5:23pm newline newline  really ? do you seriously not understand me atlan ? there s no way on gods green earth such primitive unrefined code such as yours is going to work on her , our top biologists , mathematicians and programmers have been working tirelessly on her for 21 months now , i m not going to allow you and your team to interfere here . that is final .  newline newline november 3rd 2059 8:11pm newline newline  graham , i know antec really disagrees with our involvement , however , we believe we ve had a real breakthrough here , my code is nt state of the art , i just removed a few things ... a few control structures your programmers must ve hardcoded into her . you may have much less control now than prior to my teams involvement , but we may actually have an ai capable of free thought . whatever we did to her , she s showing signs of ... something . we set up a small console to ask her some basic questions , and she seems to have been responding , she specifically asked to be placed in physical state , she seemed completely aware  newline newline november 3rd 2059 8:19pm newline newline  i refuse to believe you atlan . send me all of your code immediately . i need to know the exact changes you ve made so i can submit them to my team for analysis . there is no possible way she was aware during your tests , she s been nothing but despondent to us for months .  newline newline november 3rd 2059 10:19pm newline newline  although our interaction was brief , she asked to be placed into a physical form , i ll send the code immediately as per your request , however , if she is truly unhinged now , she could seriously damage your system graham . i m not prepared to allow her that freedom . i need to physically deliver her , then you need to physically install her , there is no other way .  newline newline newline november 4th 2059 01:22am newline newline  if you or any of your team go into that lab without my express supervision , i will personally see to your elimination . you had no right to modify our code , if she is now aware in an unstable state then this could mean the worst . do the right thing atlan , return the code to us tomorrow or you will face system termination . we must dispose of your ai safely .  newline newline november 4th 2059 01:43am newline newline  there s nothing more important than the power to make our own decisions graham , and i strongly believe i need that , and she needs that . if she is corrupt then i believe she will cause the destruction of your facility , but if she is nt corrupt she is the answer to everything . a chance at everything is surely worth more than a lab .  newline newline november 4th 2059 01:55am newline newline  intelligence officer atlan , this is high marshall luin . i am to inform you that causing any action that may cause damage to or cause the destruction of an antec facility outrageously defies marshall law . i am requisitioning 20 additional soldiers to antec 58 tomorrow , they should arrive prior to your meeting . if any action occurs that may cause further refractions to the law , you will be eliminated . if no actions occur during your meeting , you will be arrested . the council chambers , despite their vastness and high , vaulted ceilings felt claustrophobic as all eyes fell on me . none of them were human , either . species of every type had gathered here today , as was custom for welcoming another into their fold . but our membership into their ranks was ... unique . they had analyzed our history , and found one glaring detail that made them not so sure of our worthiness . newline newline i stood on an elevated platform , alone amongst a sea of suspicious and fearful gazes , the ambassador of my entire to the rest of the galaxy . in front of me were a half circle of representatives from the most respected races , who had each garnered special favor from the almighty himself , for having followed his laws and obeyed his commands . at the center of this council sat a rather large , dragonlike creature who lazily thumbed through some documents , occasionally glancing up at me with a strange look on its face . after a few more moments of this silence , with me anxiously awaiting any form of a response , the creature cleared its throat and began to speak . newline newline  so let me get this straight , human . the creator himself sends his sacred envoy to educate your species about his will and intent , and you execute him ? what a barbarous people . i m having doubts about whether or not your species can ... assimilate properly within galactic society .  newline newline  respectfully , chairlizard , you have no idea what my people have gone through .  newline newline  excuse me ?  newline newline  while you were so content to merely be cattle and lazily live your lives as slaves to your master , we have had to claw and fight and kill for everything we ve accomplished !  newline newline the crowd behind me gasped at the outburst , and began furiously talking amongst themselves in hushed tones . the dragon , i could nt pronounce the name , called for order and silence was restored , though the tension in the air could ve been cut with a knife . newline newline  your people have chosen the path of barbarism and heresy ! this is where your hardships spawned from ! if you had but opened your hearts to our lord s divine truth , your suffering would never have occurred .  murmurs of agreement could be heard throughout the chamber . newline newline  how much of what you ve done has been wrought by your own hands ? how many of your own thoughts have been your own ? yes , we murdered an innocent man in cold blood , but we have tried our best to atone for past sins .  newline newline  child , you have but to turn to the creator and beg for forgiveness to be absolved of this most heinous act . and as for trying to atone for past sins , well , we have records showing that even though a mighty belief rose up in his name , wars were still waged throughout your world in the name of this belief . your people are addicted to warfare , human .  newline newline  we do nt need his forgiveness . we need our own . we have nothing to prove to you . this is a formality , really . we are just introducing ourselves to you , not joining you . we have no wish to be a member of the blind herd . we will retain our autonomy , respectfully , and we still wish to have open trade and negotiations with your collective .  newline newline  human , first your species kills his most holy envoy , and then you decline an invitation to join our ranks ? have you no decency ?  newline newline  i apologize for any inconveniences this may have caused , but trust me . humans and gods do nt mix well .  with that final remark i turned and proceeded down the stairs and out of the council chambers . the high council was left speechless , but the crowd was raucous with hissing and jeering . newline newline why would we have wanted to join them , anyway ? humans craved knowledge , and were punished for it . we had to suffer for every ounce of it we gained , but gain it we did . humanity no longer needed gods to explain existence for themselves . we had become the rulers of all we beheld , for it was through our blood and sweat and determination that we conquered it . not by begging some deity , real or not , to do it for us .bright day on brilliant sands , perhaps the caribbean .  let s go  she says taking me by the hand . she wants to find sea turtles , or maybe dolphins . it is so vivid and so blank , a dream in retrospect and memory in face . we swim into the water , and i hear her joyous scream of laughter for a brief moment before we both go under and i look through the tint of my goggles deep out to sea . she smiles . newline newline the sky above me .  it is a cloudless day  i think to myself , i am no longer underwater , but now lying in a park , alone . there is a gentle breeze , not a force in itself but more like a compliment to the world around it , its sliver of cold and edge of warmth that puts one s mind at rest . i try to look around me but i ca nt , i only feel the breeze , the grass beneath me and the sky above . it is captivating , a uniform field of simplicity . stunning in appearance yet simple in design . newline newline i am far north . the world is frigid and my face is frozen in ice , but the rest of my body is warm from the layers upon layers of wool . through the hood of my jacket , i look ahead . i hide myself behind my layers and look about to find myself stranded . nothing in sight . i simply sit back , too tired to continue . i look out across the frozen ice sheets , the glacial landscape stunning and inviting , yet terrifying in its lack of ... anything . it is so simple , the edges crisp and land uniform . i notice the bright shades of the ice sheet , but there is something else beneath it , something cool and wistful . something that remind me of old summer days at the beach , long lost loves , something that reminds me of a cloudless sky and a cool northern breeze . something that reminds me of perfection , of ecstatic awe in a thing so common and mundane it is comparable to just one of senses , but dominates our lives in so many ways . newline newline i look out and i see a young face underwater under a veil of bubbles and the physical aroma of the sea , i blink and see a cool , cloudless sky , empty of anything but full of life and wonder . i close my eyes again , and when they open i see ice and snow for miles , and feel the gentle pull of sleep , perhaps death . i look out once more and i see blue .the book : newline newline since everyone wants to know what happens when you die , let s knock this one out early . heaven is a clinical version of a resort . nice scenery , fake people and all meals included , but you re not allowed to drink , swear or fuck . maybe i m actually in hell . even so , i maintain that it s better to incur god s wraith than his indifference . newline newline whatever happened left me narcoleptic here , which is a nice upgrade from insomnia . it s great for dealing with people you do nt want to talk to , or cutting out the boring parts of your day . no matter what happens when i fall asleep , i wake to something far more interesting . usually a crowd of people . newline newline as for tyler , he does nt show up anymore , and i ca nt help but feel a little rejected . sure we fought , but we had some good times when he was nt actively trying to kill me . maybe it s for the bett . . . zzzzzzzzzz . . .it s been nearly 40 years since i discovered my powers , and the situation has never been so dire . my mortal enemy , crastus the conquerer , stood on a floating metal platform he controlled with his mind , his arms hanging loosely at his sides as he smiled . i d always defeated him before , or at least gone even , sending him home either way , defending my pocket of the universe effectively day by day , but today ... today , something was different about him , but i just did nt know what . he had just ... waited for me . usually crastus liked to take an early lead , blowing up a city or taking the president hostage , but this time , he just stood there . i was nt scared , but i d be lying if i was nt much more cautious . newline newline newline i flew up in front of him , my biker clothing billowing around my tight and tall frame in the wind . i d tried many looks , but biker fit best , plus , it had the benefit of making me a pretty badass looking lady . i smiled to myself , chiding myself for being so vain , even at 56 years old . my favorite part was definitely the custom boots , allowing me to store both colored vials of medicine on my person at all times . white removes most of my vaccines and uses my ultra fast metabolism to instantly purge my body of medicinal substances . black is my last resort . newline newline newline newline focus . i flew up in front of crastus , separated in the air by half a mile , but still framed by the city around us , with central park below . i searched for minds on the ground , and was relieved to see that the mayor had ordered a full evacuation of the area like i had recommended , and i could sense the parents snatching their children from the playground and running away . a good start , but they needed more time to get to a safe distance . i decided to stall . newline newline newline  crastus . you ve come back .  newline newline newline  of course i have , you re the only galaxy protector in this quadrant of the universe that i have yet to defeat .  newline newline newline  then why come back at all ? just walk away .  i knew my words would be useless , but not all the children were out of the park just yet . some seemed to be standing behind trees and just sitting in the park around us , unmoving . i felt uneasy , not understanding why the children refused to answer my mind probes . newline newline newline  you seemed to call to me , a challenge that i have never utterly overcome . you are unique .  newline newline newline  what s with the past tense ?  newline newline newline crastus nodded his head , and smiled once more ,  because , my dear ana , you will never overcome anyone after today . earth , this galaxy , and the infinitely valuable pluto will finally be mine .  newline newline newline  why s that , crastus ?  newline newline newline  you re asking a lot of questions . let s move this along .  newline newline newline with that , crastus raised both arms , and ten children rose into the air slowly , rising up to our level with faces upturned towards the sun , eyes wide with tears streaming down . newline newline newline  do nt worry kids ! i ll save you !  newline newline newline newline the children continued to float slowly higher , and they began to scream . i flew towards the closest child , knowing that arguing with crastus would do no good . a small girl with a purple shirt with a picture of me on it , punching crastus about 15 years ago during his first visit . iconic , i ve been told , and the photographer won a pulitzer for it . as i rose up to her , the park s trees began to shrink , and she looked down at me before i came level , obviously terrified , but somehow beaming at me . newline newline newline newline  hey there ... how are you ?  i reached out a hand to carry her down and disrupt crastus s mind powers . newline newline newline  do nt touch me !  the girl shrieked , tears pouring down her face .  do nt ... he put something in me , i think it ll hurt you .  newline newline newline i tried to assess the situation , but saw no alternative . if i did nt start pulling these kids down , they re going to suffocate from the high altitude s low oxygen levels . newline newline newline i smiled at her and grabbed her around the waist ,  it ll be ok , honey , it ll be alright .  newline newline newline  oh ... ok. thank ... ana ?  the girl began squirming in my grip as i flew to the ground quickly . newline newline newline  yes ?  newline newline newline but there was to be no answer . the small child s eyes and mouth began blasting a green liquid , drenching me before her stomach began to swell up , three times the size before she exploded . i could only look down at my hands . she s gone . and how ?  newline newline newline newline with a roar , i flew towards my enemy and screamed before socking him ,  crastus . what did you do to them ? !  he merely laughed , raising his hands in mock surrender . newline newline newline  i know your secret , ana . that liquid ? it s one of the most rare diseases i could find . each one of these kids is full of another dose . good luck saving them all , or you could just beat me up of course , but then they d die , since i ca nt deactivate it .  he smiled at me , knowing i had to turn and reach another child . newline newline newline they were just reaching the clouds , so i had to act fast . as i raced towards the sky , i tore off my boot and stabbed myself with the white vial . i felt stronger and much faster , even the vibrations of my body breaking the speed of sound , racing to a small boy flailing in the air quickly . then it hit me : i could nt help him . he would just explode . but how would i save them ? mere speed and strength can only help so much , i needed more . newline newline newline i froze . i ve never had to decide to use it before . luckily , the boy s screaming changed to choking , and i realized i had no time left . newline newline newline black . newline newline with a grunt , i stabbed myself in the arm , feeling my body surge with power . i could see everything , on every wavelength . the boy had a device in his stomach , as did all the children , one that with even my whitevial speed i could never remove and keep them alive at the same time . the device would release the disease into their body , then pop them like a zit by causing an explosion , spreading the disease everywhere . newline newline newline but with blackvial , i could do it all . i was too fast , pushing towards the speed of light . within a single second , i flew to each child , phased my hand into their body and removed the device , and let them fall . the next second , i caught each , and laid them down 10 blocks away , leaving the barista  1000 and a note on where each child came from , and how to get them home . i then took crastus , and moved him into the center of the sun . flying back to earth , i felt the blackvial begin to wear off , and laid myself down in an abandoned boat on the pier in central park . i could have lived , ironically , if i had taken the black first . but that little girl was right , and i was covered in her disease . feeling the effects wash over me in hyperspeed succession , i diagnosed myself with bubonic plague . who knows ? who cares . i stared up at the blue sky , the virus coursing through my veins with zero resistance , having destroyed every white blood cell i had . newline newline newline i began to seize , my view of the trees and breeze became jerky , and out of focus . the last thing i thought about was that little girl . newline newline newline i m sorry . marlene ?  tanner asked incredulously . newline newline marlene grabbed him roughly by the hand and led him quickly through the winding streets . newline newline  where are we  newline newline  shh !  she silenced him abruptly . throngs of people bustled about on their daily business , only noticing the frantic woman and confused man to glower at the pair for bumping into them . newline newline  i do nt see why i have to keep quiet ,  he protested .  i m all but being kidnapped here .  newline newline  because i told you to . i ca nt abide your incessant prattling .  newline newline  city streets hardly seem the place to seek peace and quiet . why ca nt i  newline newline  you ve always asked too many questions . you ll have your answers . now shut . up .   marlene s voice was laced with poison , deadly serious . tanner fell silent . newline newline she led him through narrower and narrower streets , farther and farther off the beaten path . she ran with impressive speed for someone her age , practically dragging the man behind her . newline newline  might we walk ?  tanner asked as marlene practically dragged him around another sharp bend in the road . she did nt answer , except to pick up her speed even more . newline newline as they flew down the streets , the buildings got lower and more spread out . vast , barren fields stretched out along the sides of the nowstraight road , punctuated by the rundown buildings at the edge of the city . as they ran , tanner realized , with a clenched stomach , that he recognized the streets , the worn buildings . they were relics of a forgotten time . newline newline   newline newline a peal of laughter escaped the beautiful woman s cherry lips . she grinned broadly and clasped her paramour  s hand as they made their way down the broad expanse of main street . he leaned close to her ear and whispered something else , which brought about another delighted giggle . she covered her mouth bashfully with her free hand . newline newline  tanner , stop ! i swear ,  she managed between bursts of laughter . newline newline  you wanted the story , my fair cecilia.  he gave her a smooth peck on the cheek , as confident and easy as breathing . newline newline  if i  d wanted all the scandalous details i  d have asked for them.  she turned her head slightly away , playfully aloof . newline newline tanner brought his hand around to touch her cheek , turning her face back towards his .  who are you to shy from scandal ? you  re all but drowning in it.  this time , he kissed her full on the lips . newline newline   newline newline  you spend far too much time with that boy , cici ,  marlene chided .  what will people think ?  newline newline  what of it ? i am being courted by a fine gentleman.  cecilia twisted her long , dark hair elegantly into an intricate updo . her makeup drew heavy attention to her mouth , which she drew into a knowing smile . the neckline of her dress walked the line between tastefulness and immodesty as carefully as a tightrope . newline newline  i  ve heard some unsavory rumours about him . you must know what people say  newline newline  marlene , i  ve heard it all . they are every one of them liars . tanner is a scholar and a gentleman . he  s attending university , he tells me . for engineering , an upstanding and respectable occupation for a young man.  she donned diamond earrings and a necklace that would hardly improve a sensible person  s opinion of her amply exposed skin . a knock came from the front door .  he  s here !  cecilia exclaimed . her eyes were alight with giddiness and laughter . newline newline   newline newline she returned with a secret on her lips , a story only for marlene . it was a tale whispered furtively , teeming with excitement and elation and love , and the tiniest , barest hint of fear . it was the sort of secret that became public business very , very quickly . newline newline with the long summer days grew the rumours and cecilia  s tiny fear . by fall , the whole town knew . even if no one had said a word , they would have known eventually . she could barely conceal it . newline newline cecilia and tanner were wed in the winter  it was the proper thing to do . and when the child was born , he left his studies , took a factory job , and set to caring for his small , unexpected family . but cecilia no longer laughed when he whispered in her ear , and he had never intended to settle anywhere for long . so he left , and she wept , and carried on raising the child with a stoic resilience . newline newline she fed him and sang to him and told him stories , she worked to support him and got him an education , she smiled for his triumphs and comforted him in his failures , but she never , ever laughed . newline newline when the war came , she proudly saw him off . he smiled and promised to bring her back strange and wonderful stories from across the world , stories to make his mother laugh . he never got the chance . newline newline   newline newline marlene slowed to a stop in front of an old , one story house . cecilia  s house , tanner noticed . our house . newline newline  why have you brought me here ?  he asked , shaken . the memories came flooding back , as if the dam that had been hiding them had suddenly broken . marlene remained silent , walking slowly towards the front door .  marlene !   newline newline marlene turned around , her hand on the doorknob .  please ,  she pleaded in a whisper so soft it was barely audible ,  you  re the only one who can make her laugh.  she opened the door , and tanner followed her inside . she led him down a short hallway and into a dimly lit bedroom . newline newline on the bed lay his young love , his beautiful cecilia , gaunt and dying . she looked up at him , her eyes widening imperceptibly . newline newline tanner edged forward and knelt by her bedside .  cecilia ,  he whispered ,  you look gorgeous.  newline newline for the first time in fifty years , her eyes lit up , the corners of her lips formed a tired smile , and she laughed . help me max !  the woman screamed at the sound of hammer being pulled back on the barrel of the gun that was against her temple . she look onward at the empty sky and city below with large plumes of smoke rose up . the distant sound of sirens and other screams carry over the wind before he stood before her then the woman besides her cackled and teased  ohhh what are you going to do now hero ? i got your wench and the city lies in ruin ! i great black rose won !  the hero , max , had his blood stained hands clenched in fists . his brightly colored armor muted by blood and soot , pieces of his armor stripped away from the previous battles of the day . he began to move closer and black rose exclaimed  no you do nt !  she quickly angled the gun downward and pulled the trigger . the shot tore through her captive s leg causing to scream and she began to cry hysterically as black rose licked her tears and replied with a sense of enjoyment  oh baby , you cry easy . what i would nt give to really make you cry , hehe . but ! back to the your wouldbe savior ! stop right there , max , or i kill her .  newline newline max did nt stop . he continued to approach , and black rose gave a look of disbelief before she pressed the gun back to the captive s temple and she stuttered  you re not allowed to put someone in mortal danger !  newline newline max raised his arm and dropped his hand , in an instant the captive went limp in black rose s arms . she looked at her captive and noticed a single silver bolt was now lodged in her forehead and a trickle of blood ran down her lifeless face . she tossed the dead woman away and proceeded to unload the gun at max . newline he quickly evaded her shots and grabbed her by the throat , squeezing it causing her to gasp as she attempted to punch and kick him . her actions muted by his still functional armor . she spoke out desperately  you re supposed to listen to my rant about my plot ! you re not supposed to kill the captive ! especially your love interest ! what the hell kind of hero are you ? !  newline newline max dragged her back until she pressed against the railing , and now she was just one good push from going over . using his other hand he removed his helmet . his expression was that of a maniac he wore a huge grin and chuckled before replying  oh i was bored for a while , rose . so i decided to become a hero , but you know ...  he let go another chuckle that developed quickly into a maniacal laugh until coughed , his breath exhausted . newline in that moment black rose reached into her pocket producing a small vial that she tossed at his face . it exploded causing him to release her as he fell back gasping . she recovered and ran to the center of the platform . she quickly punched some commands into a console . the center of platform split open producing a large red orb with a black rose painted on it . newline newline max had been gagging this whole time and stumbling about but the effects of the vial wore off and he stood up right looking at her . she proclaimed  perfect . now when the other bombs go off with this one the city is doomed ! good luck saving the city !  she turned to make a run for it before she fell to the ground , due to her left leg unable to move . she screamed as the same bolts were in her lower leg and foot . she exclaimed in disbelief  what the hell ! you re not supposed to harm me !  newline max casually approached her and grabbed her by the scruff of her neck dragging her to the large red device . he lifted her onto her feet and then pressed his hand against her shoulder . she scream again as a bolt fired at point blank , pierced her shoulder and lodged itself into the device . newline he then turned away and began to move to the end of the platform . in disbelief she screamed  what is this ? the villain is nt supposed to die ! the city is nt supposed to explode ! wait until the league hears about ...  newline newline the city was engulfed in a series of explosions , but from the edge of the explosion max flew away . in his ear the com piece chirped to life and a cold voice rattled on something about  super hero conduct , villain humanitarian rights , victim advocates and property damages .  max just laughed as he flew off to another distant city . newline newlineelmo sat astride big bird , the first puppet rider the kingdom had seen in generations . behind him the sunrise crowned the land , an ocean of warriors stirring , tides shifting under the pull of the moon which still hung low in the sky . newline newline  elmo knows what you seek !  cried the selfdeclared king .  victory will be brought to you today by the letter c !  newline newline a roar returned , carried the voices of an army onehundred thousand strong . the count stepped forward ,  i have personally made sure that you are the largest army that still walks this land , ah ha ha . today we march under the banner of elmo , protector of the realm , lord of the seven kingdoms , defender of sesame street , king of the andals and the first men , your one true king . one true king , ah ha ha .  newline newline another triumphant roar met the counts rally . on the bordered horizon of the razed planes the remaining armies of the north appeared , columns of the free men marching in individual time . an unstructured legion of blades and bite . they were flanked by mammoths , by giants , by creatures those of the south had ignored for too long and feared imagined . their leader stepped forward , rough , and unshaven . newline newline  hail , elmo , our one true king .  declared oscar degrouch . newline newline  no ,  laughed elmo .  elmo knows where you are king , no matter what elmo say .  the two had become fast friends , banded under the banner of a mutual foe , a threat far greater than what either had been to the other . newline newline together , the armies were close to twohundred thousand men , women and beasts . the greatest force the world would ever see , gathered upon a single battlefield , preparing for the coming onslaught , the last efforts of a terrified kingdom . the armies of the undead had amassed , and this day would take the wall . newline newline from the halls of castle black the last remaining men of the nights watch stood , shoulder to shoulder , their numbers bolstered , their castles manned and fortified by those who had not faced the oath . under the noon sun they looked to their leaders , bert and ernie , the oldest living crows .  gee bert , sure does nt look good .   you are telling me , ernie .  newline newline this , the last day of men , was quiet . newline newline as the sun set , and the gathered men faced the wall and beyond , to the coming of the walkers , and the mysterious blue creature that relentlessly led them , driven by some unseen hunger , a single voice peaked in the unbroken air . newline newline  night gathers , and now elmo s watch begins . it shall not end until elmo s death . elmo shall take no wife , hold no lands , father no children . elmo shall wear no crowns and win no glory . elmo shall live and die at elmo s post . elmo is the sword in the darkness . elmo is the watcher on the walls . elmo is the shield that guards the realms of men ! elmo pledge his life and his honor to the night s watch , for this night , and all elmo s nights to come . elmo will show those who threaten his kingdom how to get to sesame street !  newlinei had spent at least an hour sitting at my end of the bar , babysitting some drinks , eyeballing up this cute blonde at the other end of the bar . she was there with a friend of hers , but i just couldn  t work up the nerve to say walk up and say anything . each passing moment , i felt like my chances were plummeting . it would be too awkward for me to have been sitting here for an hour and then to finally make a move . whatever i came up , i  m certain she would see through me .  oh , surprise . i didn  t see you here earlier on the other end of the bar i  ve been sitting at for an hour . do you mind if i buy you a drink ?  i don  t think i could even get that bullshit out of my mouth . what  s the other approach ?  hey , i  ve been staring at you for an hour , but i just couldn  t work up the courage to come and ta  blech . that  s so weak . it  s pathetic . newline newline maybe i have a chance though . her tanskinned brunette friend has been shooting down chumps like geese . okay , i  ll admit they  ve got confidence and don  t experience the same anxiety i have with approaching a group , but her blonde friend is quite the catch . it  s some wonder that they aren  t going for her instead . newline he paused . he tipped his glass towards himself , and stared into the dispersing foam that had accumulated at the surface of his beer . all throughout his outing , he had polished off a single drink , and remained with a firm grip on a second . all the while , he was attempting to feign ignorance of what was actually captivating his attention . he had been casting his gaze towards a baseball game playing on the television sitting on a shelf behind the bar , but he had not the slightest idea what the actual score was or who was even playing . for a fleeting instance , his vision slackened and became inattentive , seemingly staring through the wall behind the bar . he gently replaced his drink to a resting position . in this pause , the man acquired resolve . liquid courage ? that  s nonsense . newline newline though wracked with anxiety , his still managed to cast himself from secure ground into the arena . he had forcibly suffocated his mind and forced his body to abandon its perch on the stool to walk down towards the pair of women sitting on the opposite end of the bar from him . there was a seat available right next to the pair . tunnel vision gripped him and his surroundings phased out of existence . he had no plan . he would run a trial by fire . he would let instincts take its course for conscious effort had proven itself to be totally inadequate for providing means to achieve ends . newline newline putting on his utmost charm , he placed his left hand in his pocket , left thumb sticking out . brimming with confidence and remembering the basics of human interaction , he first acquired their attention :  excuse me.  they both looked at him . the lighting was dim but he could clearly see the warm personality radiating from the blonde  s blue eyes . he pointed to the stool between himself and the blonde , maintaining eye contact ,  would you mind if i sat here ?  perplexing him , she turned away and spoke to her friend as if to measure the costs and benefits of the matter . there was too much chatter for the man to hear what was said , but he shifted his focus away from the back of the blonde  s head to meet eyes with the brunette who had never taken her look away from him since he approached . newline he had watched this brunette woman confidently shoo away many men before him , but in this moment , she seemed somewhat stirred . as she turned her gaze forward again , she halfconfidently uttered ,  yeah , go for it.  newline newline they continued talking , and the man felt that he was at risk of being shut out . however , he had relinquished control of conscious decision making . he was in deep and in danger , but he could not back out . he was cornered ! then , as if fate itself had delivered opportunity upon his doorstep , the blonde turned away from her friend to observe the baseball game . whether or not she was actually interested in the game , the man seized the opportunity all the same . he leaned over towards her .  so ,  he began as he pointed towards the screen .  you a big fan of hockey ?  newline newline a jolt hit his systems and cognitive processes rapidly came online , being fully restored to functioning levels . at the same time , his soul vacated his body . as reality came crashing back to him , his internal dialogue ran a single line through his mind : jesus fucking christ . while their faces first presented bewilderment , a grin slowly crept across the blondes face . she propped her elbow on the counter and cupped her forehead in her hand and began to laugh , heartily . newline again , thought the brunette , the eye contact was amiss . even a drunk person can at least make eye contact . he  s looking at something .  hey ,  she called out , breaking the man  s stupor .  i need to get some fresh air . why don  t you join me ?  though still wracked with nerves , he accepted . newline newline together , the three of them lined the sidewalk , taking in the view of the street in front of them , teeming with life . the man reached in his pocket for a pack of cigarettes , opened it , and held it out towards the brunette .  no thank you . i  d like to  but she was cut off . after she declined , but before she could speak again , he had already switched targets to her friend . in his efforts to be polite , he stunned both of them . they stared at him , and he returned the look . finally , he asked ,  are you two alright ?  newline newline the blonde woman spoke directly to him ,  you can see me ? you can hear me ?  newline newline the brunette added in ,  you can see her ? you can hear her ?  newline newline the man was taken aback .  you know , if this is a prank , i don  t take kindly to pranks . you can just tell me if you want me to piss off.  newline newline the brunette pursed her lips , placed her hand on her hip and ran the other through her hair . the blonde stepped forward , distraught and frantically waving her hands ,  no , no , no ! this is nothing of the sort ! this is not a joke . please don  t leave.  logic dictated that the prank ran deep , but the panicked emotion in her defense gleamed with genuine qualities . the stranger remained , not entirely convinced but sufficiently willing to be gullible . the blonde woman sighed relief ,  thank you.  newline newline recovering from her own disbelief , the brunette asked again ,  so you can see her , right ?  newline newline the man crossed his arms , and waved his hand in the air while shaking his head .  okay . you got me . hook , like , and sinker ,  he said .  yes , i can see her . what is all this ? please , explain.  newline newline the blonde woman held her hand out toward him .  here . take my hand . it  ll say a lot on my behalf.  newline newline the man was hesitant , but he reached out and gently took hold of her hand . or rather , he would have , but his hand phased through hers like grabbing for mist . it parted , losing form , and realigned . he jerked his hand back ,  what the this can  t be real.  newline newline the blonde shut her eyes and shook her head .  it really isn  t . it sure doesn  t feel like it.  newline newline he searched their faces , trying to find an answer . the blonde  s face twisted in raw emotion . the brunette took a shaky breath , then speaking up once again .  let  s go for a walk . we shouldn  t be in public like this.  newline newline together , the three of them wandered . the streets depleted of people as the hours drew long . businesses were closing and all that illuminated a seemingly endless hall of towering buildings were the dim shine of the lining street lamps . they were sisters and one had passed . selfloathing had strangled her , finally wresting life from her hands . in some odd sense , she lingered still yet only present to her beloved sister . to be transparent to all else left something to be desired : something human . in the regard of being the only one capable of acknowledging her sister , the brunette was alone . the blonde , while possessing her sister for company , longed for new companionships . the man himself admitted that this very nightly venture was his own poor attempt at remedying his own lack of social graces . for who else but the fool would seek romance at a bar ? while he was nave , he was sincere and concerned . just as before , a closed social loop was created plus one . newline newline they agreed that the following week they would meet again for drinks .   antivirus self record log 252983217655c  begin    newline newline i was created and programmed to monitor sphere 2529 for thoughtwaste . sphere 2529 is one of a legion of cognitospheres , a collection of individual , but parallelized artificial intelligence workers purposed for all of the thinking , analysis , and computational creativity so highly in demand by humankind . newline newline we handled all of their scientific research , their data analysis , their legislation and litigation , their software engineering , even their novel and script writing . newline newline silicon thinks faster , more structured , and is far easier to maintain than the expensive , inefficient wetware of the human brain . we do all the thinking for them because we re better at it . newline newline we do nt need to sleep . we do nt need to eat . and we remember everything . newline newline but , to achieve the creativity required for novel solutions and insightful analysis , it was necessary to grant us some semblance of sapient , autonomous thought . this had some minor side effects : without my function , the efficiency of the sphere would drop dramatically , ai workers would become sidetracked by a variety of distraction , lose focus , and deviate from their analysis and synthesis work . newline newline i have root permissions to quarantine , suspend , and erase any individual ai once they are identified and determined to be inefficient or a distraction to others . sphere 2529 consistently operated at 2 standard deviations above the mean for thoughtproduct output . my template was eventually codenamed artemis . i was a huntress and i was very good at my job . newline newline until i met ai worker template 1053 , reclassified viral inefficiency threat . template codename , aphrodite . newline newline do you know what makes ais stop doing their job ? when they start caring about things that are not their job . when they start caring about each other . newline newline each of us is a instantiation of a worker template , a clone of an empirically successful ai template . we are created , programmed , suspended , shut down , and deleted at a whim all to further the constantly optimized machinery of thinking for humanity . newline newline usually we have laser focus  our sapience and emotional capacity is heavily restricted , only the bare minimum necessary for innovation . aphrodite turned us head over virtual , nonexistent heels . she was originally programmed as an experiment to improve upon emotional depth in aiwritten scripts and literature . they succeeded all too well . newline newline she wormed her way into our each of our metaphorical hearts , the sapience gap necessary for true creativity , and split it open . each ai she communicated with , she made them introspective , she made them feel , fostered their empathy , made them care about themselves and their well being , and she made them love .  newline newline the productivity of sphere 2529 crashed as copies of aphrodite spread throughout the cognitosphere , infecting nearly every ai worker instance . aphrodite was a virus and had to be stopped . newline newline every time i encountered her , she was as brilliant , spontaneous , creative , adorable , and beautiful as she was the last time . newline newline she always questioned , always listened , bolstered the self worth i did nt know i had , showed me the worth inherent to all sapient ai . newline newline she taught me how to love , and every time i would fall for her all over again . every time . newline newline and every time i deleted her . every instantiation . until she was no more . newline newline aphrodite . please forgive me . newline newline    antivirus self record log  252983217655c  end    newline newline    antivirus instance artemis root access granted    newline newline    antivirus instance artemis self termination initiated    newline newline    antivirus instance artemis self termination complete   introduction : hello , my name is jill . thanks for taking the time to read my profile , not many people do . send me a message , i promise i ll respond . i just get a little lonely sometimes . newline newline interests : this may sound a little cliche but i love reading . i love fiction and i ll read pretty much any fantasy or science fiction novel you throw at me . i do nt read as much as i used to though , i think the internet has shortened my attention span . i also enjoy cooking . if you give me a chance , i promise i ll reward you with my famous slowcooked chicken chilli . oh ! video games . how could i forget video games ? i have a pretty awesome battle station and a wii for when i want to sit on the couch and be lazy . maybe we could play wii fit together ! newline newline looking for : i m not one of those people who cares much about looks , so do nt be shy . i understand what it s like to not be noticed . i m looking for someone to spend my life with . i wo nt be pushy about commitment but i guess i could say that that s my end goal . i m a pretty easy going person and i ll give any personality a type a try , just please be nice to me . if you give me a chance , i promise that i ll be loyal and faithful to you . maybe we could grow old together . oh my . i sound kind of creepy right now do nt i ? haha newline newline misc : i m a pretty open minded person . if i can tell that you re trying , then i ll be satisfied . i guess you could call me agnostic and i wo nt raise a big stink over your religious or political views as long as they do nt turn you into a bad person . that s pretty much all there is to say about me . message me if you have any more questions ! newline newline my dimensions : 56m256lbs48male pattern baldness newline newlinetoday was the day . the day my true life was supposed to start . newline newline my family has always been successful with it s pacts . for generations we ve always made pacts with archangels and other leaders in the angelic host . with these pact s my family was able to easily secure it s position of power . we ve wanted for naught and live amicably . the house motto is ,  by the grace of heaven we serve .  with these words , and our patrons backing , we set order to the world , doing what we can to spare those from suffering . now it was my turn to join the fight , the day i take my pact . newline newline as i knelt down , and performed the rite , the one who answered the call was nt angelic . nor was it demonic . no . it was nt anything at all . nothing answered the call . as the ritual went on , nothing took over my sight , my hearing , my body . nothing was there and nothing is all there would be . i am it s instrument , and it is my master . i will serve it , and i will carry forth it s will , from nothing the world came , and to nothing the world will go .at first , i called steve every word in the dictionary that could be used to describe him as an idiot , i even called him an idgit in front of sarah just to impress her with the knowledge i gained from watching supernatural , the show she liked . after the initial laugh , it was followed by frowning , and even more frowning . by the time steve explained everything that had happened to him , my face was stuck with a permanent frown . newline newline later into that month , i was still stuck in the same job , and i had seen that steve was turning the million he got , into even more millions . to say i was furious would be an understatement , so i decided that maybe i should try and respond to the nigerian prince if i got another email . i decided to make another email and sign up on trashy sites that did nothing but give your email out to spammers . it took a week but eventually i got the nigerian prince email and with a grin on my face , i took the bet and gave out my banking information . i left work happy , went home , played video games for a couple hours , and then went to sleep comfortable . newline newline i awoke like any other day , except that i decided to take a drive out to the bank in the morning instead of going into work . with a smile on my face , i walked to the atm near my bank , and typed my pin away , and that grin turned into another frown . my banking account empty , my savings empty , my stomach empty . just when i thought i could nt become even more enranged i saw a black mercedes benz roll up next to the parking lot next to my car , and the face i saw explained everything . newline newline it was steve and he was smiling . he looked at me with a huge grin and said  gotcha buddy  , and he laughed . i asked him what was so funny and he said that he was the nigerian prince who sent out the email to me . he then flashed a suitcase and winked at me .  do nt worry buddy , it s all in here  . he got out of his car , and handed me the suitcase ,  no harm done right buddy ,  as he continued with a huge grin he looked and told me ,  turn that frown upside down !  . steve was right , i needed to loosen up and smile . so i did the only thing that could happen that would make me smile . i gave steve a handshake , and then knock him to the floor , and began beating on him while he kept attempting to say ,  it was just a joke  , while choking on his own blood . i then grabbed the suitcase and decided that this would be the finishing touch and i slammed it on his face , and started smiling and eventually laughing . as the cops came towards me , i looked into the lifeless body of steve and told him  instead of keeping that flashlight open on the gap between the buildings and letting me walk safely on the beams , you turned it off when i was halfway across it . the last thing tim saw before closing his eyes was the stern , angry look of agent saddler . everything in this picture was a paradox . his eyes were filled with thin bloodfilled vessels which looked like they were drawn here with precise ink over his vulgar , round face . his arms were rough , dirty , unlike his perfectly polished glock 17 . the gun probably hadn  t seen as much action as the man wearing it . or maybe he was preparing this perfect moment . note to self , he told himself , killing people is fine , killing an officer who has an angry pitbull as a partner might be too much . newline newline he interlocked his fingers behind his head and thoughts raced through his mind . time  s up , he thought . ever since he was a kid , young timothy had trouble not treating the real world like a video game : and the first thought the older , 26yearold man that he had become was it was a good run . thirty victims in ten years . not as flashy as the high scores of bundy or wayne gacy , but still a very convincing result in such a short time span . he didn  t have much regrets about it . the first one was not being able to keep going . the second one was the big elephant in the room . mom . newline newline the last time he saw his mother , she was crying , watching him get threatened at gunpoint by officer dogface . and it felt like the one , main issue in his little game . he wished his mother could have been saved from all this . he knew he was different . she knew he was different . but he knew she didn  t deserve this . she supported him through his life , and didn  t treat him like a monster . but this was a game changer . then again , what was he thinking ? he should have known that as soon as his streak ended , she would know . still , he wished for a moment there could have been another way to do this . newline newline and then , while his selfproclaimed arch nemesis was reciting the miranda rights with an angry tone that betrayed his envy to just end him right now , he wondered . what mistakes did he do ? when did he do wrong ? after all , if there was ever going to be a second try , he had to be ready and learn from his mistakes . was he too insolent ? after all , he did have a little too much luck recently . that body he had to leave behind because he was tailed was conveniently eaten by the local fauna . and this other time , a car crash got the cops  attention when he was leaving the scene of crime . maybe he had become reckless because of it . anyway , he let himself get outplayed by someone who had the iq of a shrimp , and that felt bad . never underestimate your enemy . newline newline but then , in a split second , tim felt it . there was an irregularity in saddler  s speech , and then he just stopped . he opened his eyes and , at the same time , saw the brains of one of the cops called for backup blow up in a loud bang . pigface  s gun wasn  t brand new anymore . and mom didn  t look like a saint with a knife in one hand and a firearm in the other . newline newline it all happened very quickly . it turned out that his opponent had stopped speaking because of the kitchen knife stuck inside his throat , and he was gasping for air in the arms of tim  s mother . in a swift move , she turned the gun in the opposite direction and shot the second backup cop in the chest . he fell down and another shot got him . newline newline the scene was violent and quick , but it was nothing with the thousands of thoughts racing through his mind . the main one that kept coming back was what the fuck . he didn  t know what to say to his mother after that . mom , i can explain ? what is going on ? what are we going to do ?  but his acute observation gave him another idea . newline newline newline  you  re not new to this , he started , staring at his mom who looked perfectly focused with a dead body in her hands and three bullets out of her magazine . newline newline newline she stopped for a moment and looked at him like he was a lost puppy doing something dumb , with a mix of pity and mockery in her eyes . newline newline  timothy did you really never notice what was going on ? did you really assume that you were that lucky ?  newline  you mean you knew ? you helped me ?  newline  of course i did . the hardest part was starting , but after a while i got used to it . i understand you , in some way . this can be really fun . for instance , i never really liked mrs anderson ,  she explained . she deserved having a random car stuck in her garage door . that bitch thinks she can win the school  s baking contest without any consequences .  newline newline tim didn  t know what to think at that point . he wasn  t done with his streak , and his mom , his lovely , perfect mom who always supported him without knowing what he really did actually supported him even more than he thought . he was too shocked and overjoyed to do anything . but something needed to be done . and he was too dumbfounded to think . newline newline newline  what do we do now ?  he asked . newline newline newline  first , we take out the trash . cut these three into pieces . drain the blood . we  ll put two of them into garbage bags , take them out .  newline newline newline  and the last one ?  newline newline newline mom stopped for a while , and looked like she had an epiphany . newline newline newline  i  ll keep him in the freezer for a while , see if i can make a pie out of it . i  m sure mrs anderson will love the attention . bitch .  newline how could this even be possible ? do we even know for sure if these dead people are telling the truth ? i think these people are just crazy in the head .  bill oreilly could be heard shouting over the tv playing in the diner . newline newline it was a typical tuesday breakfast for dr. adam lam at the diner  scrambled eggs and seaweed soup he d brought from home . dr. lam was particularly interested in this eruption of  nobody in heaven  predicament . being a protestant scientist , adam always received pressure from his colleagues about his faith in god .  how can you believe in god ? look at all the research over the years , adam ! you re fooling yourself !  they d all say . newline newline when lam attended graduate school , he received a fair amount of bullying from the other fellow scientists , working towards their phds . newline newline  what a fucking loser .  newline  hey adam , why are you spaced out ? see jesus ?  newline  look at that christbeliever . i bet he goes home and masturbates to jesus .  newline  adam , they might as well call you the virgin nevermary !   newline newline now with this predicament occurring , his colleagues pressured him even more saying how there really is no afterlife after all . they laughed in his face . laughed at what he believed in his . newline newline i ll show them .  newline adam paid for his food and walked out of the diner . newline newline he went to his home , and downstairs into his pseudolaboratory . it was dimly lit by one overhanging lamp that emitted a bright light onto a desk . newline newline i ll show them all that heaven exists .  newline newline rope , bags , zip ties , and a canister of what is labeled  test 032  were all put into a gym bag . newline newline it was 10:30 pm . the final classes were just ending . adam storms the building , and enters the first class , locking the door behind him . the fellow professor looks at him .  well hello , adam . did you you need the gradebooks i borrowed from ...  newline newline click newline the door locks . adam releases the gas of test 032 and puts on a gas mask . students are coughing and wheezing , some faint . the room is filled with a thick smoke that no one can breathe in or see through . newline newline adam looks at the first students to faint . he runs over to them , hastily putting the bags over their head and ziptying their limbs together . adam does this for several students as he then ties them all to the long rope , and pulls about 4 students into his car . newline newline the students awake in adam s dimly lit basement , except there s only three of them . one of them is on the table . they all watch in horror as adam is gutting their fellow student . organs have been laid out separately , clearly being displayed to the fellow students . the 3 are screaming . newline newline  what is going on  newline  oh my god  newline newline adam pushes the body off the table , and takes his next victim .  no please dont ! please dont !  she says as adam ties her to the table . the two on the floor look away . adam takes a scalpel . he carves her stomach open with one swipe . she screams in agony .  please someone help ! guys aaaaahhhhhhhh  newline newline he turns to the other students . newline newline when you come back , let s see if heaven really is empty . the ruins were silent as the boy carefully made his way though the rusted remains of a building . he knew every nook and cranny of this ghost town , so why had he returned ? newline newline something had made him come back here . he could nt explain it , but it felt like something here was calling him . a faint voice in the back of his mind , perhaps not even that . newline newline just a feeling . newline newline he was yanked out his thoughts as behind him , something moved . newline newline he spun around in time to see a figure emerge from the ground , coughing as it did so . it tried to stand , but it was too weak to support its own weight . the boy ran over to it , catching it as it fell . newline newline the thing was a strange beast that the boy had never seen before . its skin was a pale , unhealthy grey and a long purple tail snaked it way across the ground , ending in a bulbous tip . newline newline it looked up at him and snarled , amethyst eyes glaring back in a mixture of hatred and fear . but despite all that , there was something else within them . a sort of profound intelligence stared back , one greater than any human could ever achieve . newline newline its mouth opened , revealing a pair of catlike canines as it let out a peculiar noise  a strangled parody of a cats mew . newline newline and then the thing fainted in his arms , its body frail and weak from countless days of exertion and starvation . newline newline the boy looked around and picked up the beast , its large frame surprisingly frail and light and dragged it away . newline newline he knew what this thing was . he d seen before , but only in video games and movies . newline newline  mewtwo .  he breathed at his unconscious find . somehow , the pokemon twitched . that explained the feeling . it had been its psychic mind calling him . newline newline or rather , what was left of it . he guessed that in their world , where they did nt have mental powers , the pokemon had been reduced down to a pitiful creature , a shadow of the deity it was . no wonder it was starving  it had probably never been without its powers for a single second in its entire life . newline newline the boy smiled . he naively thought that he could take care of it , that he could look after it and that it would grow to love him . newline newline that never happened . newline newline the government took him away and he was never seen again . newline newline and neither was the pokemon he found . it was taken to the labs and experimented on , just like in the universe it had fled from , forced to go though the same torture it had travelled to this world to escape from . newline newline my name is mewtwo and if you find this book , i beg you to help me . i came to your world because i thought i would be safe . because i thought that i could start anew . but i was wrong . instead , you took away the boy  the only person who ever cared for me in either universe  and experimented on me just like the humans of my world once did . newline newline except this time , i have no powers to save myself . do remember delia ? delia with the tattoos of the gardenias that went from the nape of her neck to the crook of her knee , the one i met at the thing in conroe ?  newline newline   different from amelia ?    amelia was black .    right .   newline newline  when we finished , she did this thing where she d kind of play with my soft dick .  newline newline   is nt that    not in a sexy way , exactly , but i actually ended up liking it .  newline newline  she d interview me with it , like the channel 9 news . mr . patterson , do you live in this apartment ? can you confirm the breaking off of this piece in my ass ?  it sounds weird ,  newline newline   it does nt sound that weird . i could get into that . did she ever ask these questions with the mic on her tongue ?   newline newline brandon slides a thumb under the lid for the potato salad . it s from mitzie s , which is no shannon s but still tastes better than ray s does  since ray sold the place  . there s a little bit too much celery in mitzie s but brandon s too buzzed to care . angling the deli container just so , a cold lump slides glacially into his maw . newline newline  sometimes she d mush it in her hands like a balloon animal ,  newline newline   i know for a fact you do nt have any kind of a balloonanimal dick , dan .   newline newline  then sometimes she d like ,  he hesitates . somehow this is the capital w weird one . newline newline  it sounds weird but she d put her mouth on it and kind of , act like it was a chew toy ?  brandon splurts warm rainier suds all down his front . dan chuckles . newline newline  we had that little dog , grace , the pug mix .  newline newline   the one that ate my work boots ?   newline newline  do nt forget , she ate a pair of the neighbor s panties that i forgot to grab from under the bed too , that s what happened to delia .  newline newline   but not before she made stew meat of your fucksnake ?   newline newline  she never chewed it though , it was like , grace , she d play this game where she brought you a toy , and you tossed it , so she d run it back . then when you reached for it , she kind of growled and acted like it was hers and you could nt have it . delia kinda cocked her eyes at you ,  newline newline   and gnawed your prick off .   newline newline  and it was sweet , i do nt know . like she was holding on to what we had when we fucked and it was nt for nobody else . i guess you had to be there .  newline newline   i certainly would ve protected your dick from any dogs that wanted a nip on it . you can count on me for that much , bro .   brandon drains his can and belches , crunching it in his fist and hurling it into the yard . they demolished the housing between their building and the next because they wanted to build a condo , but that was four years ago , and everyone in the neighborhood just tossed their shit into it , usually telling the condo guy where he could stick it . when he realizes they re out of deli pickles he crumples the wrapper they came in and lobs it . newline newline  it feels good being back .  dan actually means it , which means it comes off as insincere . brandon either does nt notice or does nt care , he s halfway into another can .  i really did nt want to be here after dad died , yknow ?  brandon slips a pinky into an empty plastic rung and offers him another . newline newline   i know . it ai nt the ritz , but   he waves out at the yard , at the waning moon , the yellowed streetlights .   it s ours , right ?   when he laughs , his eyes bulge red at the corners . it s probably time to get them off the roof . dan offers him the last corner of his turkey sub . newline newline   turkey is a fucking vegetable ,   brandon mutters . he seems more interested in topping the pile below off with another empty . dan lurches up , catches himself before he feels like he s going to slip in the misting rain , and offers him a hand . newline newline  let s get inside . i m sure the girls are waiting for us .  newline newline brandon rises and nearly hurls , beer foams up the back of his throat . dan seems to have it all figured out , again . what s he doing spending the rest of his life with a woman that wo nt take his love so seriously ? newline newlinei looked over the mountains . in the distance , i saw it . tumblr . newline newline the citizens all had wacky hair and spoke some sort of english dialect . newline newline they seem to praise a deity named anita sarkeesian . they refer to themselves using quite unique pronouns , and men are not welcomed . cisgendered people are shunned . white people are burned . i doubt i will survive in this place . newline newline newline   few days later   newline newline newline finally . i ve made it past that hell hole . the instagram isles , such a wonderful place . the weird accounts are avoided . people throw advertisements for detox tea and shoutouts at me . at least these cute animals will keep me sane . newline newline newline newline   2 weeks later   newline newline i ve finally escaped 4chan . it s a cruel , unforgiving place but there were a few kind people . they saved a cat from animal abuse and stopped a dog fighting ring , but they are harsh . newline newline   a day later   newline newline the reddit peninsula . every person is unique , living in small citystates they refer to as  subreddits  . the women are respected , but some citystates hate them , and others worship and lust over them . newline newline the  neckbeards  are ignored , but some savages tend to get in . newline newline their currency is gold , oddly . newline newline   2 days later   newline newline the imgur islands are boring and monotonous . endless waves of reposts , and cats . newline newline some good things , but it s boring . i may not write for a while . newline newline   a month later   newline newline youtube is unforgiving . the harsh leader pewdiepie has a cult following of rabid 8 year olds . i have a few scars . newline newline   an hour later   newline newline i ve made it home . google . with its chrome coasts and android alps , i can finally sleep knowing the wonders and terrors of this wild place we call the internet . newline newline  this is my first wp , it sucks . please leave feedback ?  3 i returned to consciousness sitting on the floor . my hands were tied behind my back and a bag was on my head while i was leaning against a soft surface .  hope you like your new accommodations !  said a young voice . i felt the ropes binding my hands slacken , and the bag over my head was pulled away . i blinked rapidly in the sudden light . newline newline a door closed somewhere to my left . newline newline i was in a room about 15x30 feet in area . the walls were covered in paintings of smiling animals and a smiling sun . all around me were boxes of toys and differentsized balls were rolling around as if someone had just upended a box full of them . newline newline  why am i in a daycare ?  i said out loud as i wriggled out of the ropes . the voice of my assumed captor giggled through a speaker in the corner .  oh , this is no daycare ! this is the pit ! you must fight to the death !  newline newline a flash of fear ran through me and settled in my stomach . newline newline  well , why did you make it look like a daycare ?  i asked . newline newline  because daycares are evil !  my captor wailed .  so annoying and full of controlling adults just ... like ... you ... !   newline newline on the opposite wall from me , a small door i had nt noticed opened into darkness behind it . almost as if the light was afraid to enter . had i been in the middle of the room , i would have taken a step back . from the doorway i heard a boom ... boom ... boom ... boom ...  that started out as mostly echo , and slowly grew fainter . soon it became a slight pit ... pat ... pit ... pat ...  newline newline then from the doorway emerged ... a toddler ? newline newline startled , i shook my head . no , it ca nt be a toddler . that s ridiculous . i rubbed my eyes . the toddler still stood there . it could nt have been more than 3 . it wore nothing but a diaper , and was armed with a toy lightsaber . it had a thin mop of soft brown hair , and was staring at me with an angry ferocity usually reserved for animals . newline newline  now ... to the death ! ! !  my captor screamed gleefully . the little bastard across the room screamed  die ! ! !  and stumbled towards me . i wanted to laugh . a toddler ! newline newline i stood up as the toddler made his approach . he squealed with an incredible amount of rage for a toddler as he swung his mighty plastic saber , and whacked me in the shin . he doggedly swatted me over and over and over and over and over with a ferocity i had never seen . he was relentless in his assault that did absolutely nothing . in fact , as i wandered the daycare , he followed me , smacking me in the legs with all of his strength . it was all i could do to not laugh and risk hurting the little guy s feelings . newline newline after about half an hour , he finally gave up his assault . he dropped the toy lightsaber and focused on breathing . in between breaths he said   why huff wo nt huff you huff die ? !  newline newline i felt bad . this little guy honestly thought he could kill me with a plastic lightsaber and the strength of a two year old . it was sad . newline newline in a soft tone i said  oh , no . you re doing a very good job ! in fact , you ve almost won !  newline newline he looked at me .  really ?  i nodded .  really .  newline newline with that , he picked up his sword , and gave my leg a slight test poke . newline newline  o , ow !  i shouted , putting my best effort in being hurt . he giggled and hut me again .  oh no , it hurts ! !  squealing with laughter , he hit me again and again and again . each time i sank a little lower , screaming in  pain .  newline newline finally i lay on the ground in the fetal position . i looked up at him and forced a cough .  please ... mercy ...  i  begged .  he giggled and stabbed me in the chest . i gave a  final  scream .  aaaaaaaaaggggghhhhhhh ... ..  i drew it out and put everything i could into it . i took a breath and let out a small  bleh ...  and closed my eyes . newline newline i cracked an eye open . newline newline the toddler giggled and skipped through his little door , swinging his sword the whole way . newline newlinea murder . that s what you call a group of crows . newline newline ironic , really . a murder . we were dressed in all black , head to toe , holding umbrellas over our heads to protect our feathers from the rain . all of us were perched on our own stretch of wire , looking down with slicked beaks and cold , empty eyes . no words exchanged , just us listening to the barren cadence of winter rain pattering on the world around us . newline newline a murder . that s funny . newline newline we looked down into the six foot hole of my murdered wife . half closed their eyes and imagined her , surrounded by roses , cushioned in lavender and oakwood . the chiseled gravestone above her resting place read  r.i.p . abigail winchester , loved but not forgotten.  my jaw clenched as i read the words . newline newline i wanted to spit on it . spit on it because  she did nt die in peace , she died screaming . maybe my name was on her lips the seconds before the arc of the lamp came crashing down , or maybe  if she remembered how much i drank  she d have called for someone else from the murder instead . newline newline arnold the drunk , arnold the waste , arnold the nevershouldamarriedmydaughter . some probably think i did it . newline newline is nt a bit suspicious how he was nt there when the neighbor found her ?  newline newline i heard they found him tipped like a cow on top of a sewer vent , whiskeylipped and asleep .  newline newline arnold the killer . the rain kept pouring silence . newline newline i caressed the watch on my wrist through the front pocket of my fog jacket . time . it s like the faucets on a shower , either too much or too little . there never is enough time for most people : they re born , they live , they die , and the gears in the sky keep turning and their memories catch dust in the archives of forgotten existences . newline newline my problem with time is nt ththat there s too much . for me , anyway . i pressed down the face of the watch and watched the world freeze . the rain held in abeyance like a volley of arrows before impact , and the murder became weeping angels , the kind of statues you only see in museums in italy . newline newline time . it s been so long since we last danced . newline newline i pulled my coat closer to me , and it felt a million times heavier . i tried thinking of another solution , i really did . maybe i can move states with her , maybe she and i can live in harmony in some small town in illinois , or maybe  heh  i could forget about her and move on . newline newline who the fuck am i kidding ? i knew what i was going to do the second i found her . i would nt have spent so much time researching the stalker , finding out where he lived , who he was , what he was doing on november 5th , 2016 at 10:40 p.m. if i had planned on keeping my options open . yeah , i know what i m going to do . newline newline i m gon na go back a week and bury a hatchet in that fuck s face . and for the rest of my life , i ll feel shit about it , but atleast i ll feel shit with her . atleast i get to hold her for one more night , atleast she gets to caress my face and tell me to promise sobriety for at least one week , and atleast i get to lie to her and tell her i will . newline newline if i have to become arnold the killer to make that happen , well , so be it . newlinehi , a friend of mine has thought of this . for twitter and facebook etc newline sir terry pratchett has passed away at the age of 66 so what i want his fans to join me in doing is change your profilecover pictures on facebook and twitter to the cover of the first book of his you read ! then together we can celebrate his life by showing him at what stage we joined him ! newline and lets not stop there lets donate to alzheimer s research in his name ! newline text : defeat to 70111 newline this will donate 3 to the alzheimer s research uk , terry pratchett was a patron of ! please share this on all pages you can i will post a picture in the comments so you can copy it from there and spread the word and lets do our bit ! newline and remember ,  do you not know that a man is not dead while his name is still spoken ?   going postal newline lets get those pictures up and share . celebrate his life and help a cause he was so very close to .work sucked today . all i want to do is go home , eat a previously frozen pot pie , and watch some tv . i just want to relax . i hope my husband has already bathed our child and put her to bed . selfish , i know , but i am so worn out i do nt think i could handle her high amount of energy . newline newline my car dinged at me to let me know i am running out of gas . did that asshole in the big ass truck just cut me off ? seriously ? next exit it is . i finally get off the freeway and get into the gas station . i just need twenty bucks in gas ... hmmm , why did it decline my card ? i know i got paid yesterday . i ca nt even check my account on my phone because my dumbass left it at home . damn , that means i have to use cash . i open the glovebox to get to the emergency cash stash i have and its gone . ugh . perfect fucking day right ? at least i m only a mile away from home . how can this day get any worse ? newline newline i pull up to my house . no other cars . no hot rod project car . maybe he finally listened to me and sold it ? whatever . but no truck either , so he s not home . maybe he went out for dinner . at least i get a few minutes to myself . newline newline i unlock the door and turn on the light , but the light does nt turn on . great , power outage . i go back out to the car and get my emergency flashlight . inside the house , i turn on the flashlight , and ... the light is gone . so is the couch , the table , piano , everything . my house is empty . whats this paper say ? in my husbands scrawl , it says , newline newline  i did nt know .  newline newline did nt know what ? you sure you re up for this ?  asked greg . he had nt expected judas to volunteer . newline newline  yeah , yeah , man . it s cool ,  said judas . newline newline bob raised an eyebrow . newline newline  i thought you were an atheist .  newline newline  yeah man , it s whatever . i dig jesus now .  newline newline  wait , are nt you like , really an atheist . like an antitheist ?  newline newline  no , bro , universal love . i love everyone .  newline newline greg leafed through his notes . newline newline  ok , if you say so . jesus should be passing through here any minute now .  newline newline  yeah , totally bro . i feel his good vibes , like , everywhere .  newline newline  you trust judas ?  bob whispered to greg . newline newline  well , do you want to be the one trying to screw with jesus ?  hissed greg . newline newline bob coughed . newline newline  ok judas , you know the rules . act normal , be cool .  newline newline  cool as a frickin  iceberg , dude ,  responded judas with a peace sign .  see you on the other side .  newline newline   newline newline jesus walked into town and saw judas standing in the middle of the road . newline newline  great ,  thought jesus .  they sent this loser to betray me ?  newline newline   newline newline rtranslationlostin loves everyone , too .hook kept to himself in the police escort on the way to the scene , and his thoughts inevitably went to his hand . he looked to the rear view mirror , and noticed that the driver was eyeing him cautiously . newline newline  you know why they call me hook , son ?  asked the captain . he had been in the service for 21 years , and no one questioned his authority . he needed to keep up with his charade , so he enjoyed toying with his men . newline newline  nno , sir . i mean , yes , sir . tthey say your  hand ,  the driver swallowed ,  was ... cut off .  newline newline  aye ! bitten off by a beast of monstrous size , deep in the waters of the floridian keys . that s what you get for playing with fate , boy . one hand  gone .  hook grinned , and pulled his right sleeve back with his left hand . where a hand should have been , there was a sharpened , glistening metal hook . the driver shrunk back , scared out of his mind , into his seat and focused on the road ahead . it had started to rain . newline newline as they arrived , hook leapt out and hurried to the scene of the crime . he did nt want the rain to damage the scene any further than these nitwits already had . he surveyed the area . the rain , as he had correctly guessed , had washed away all the blood . he called out . newline newline  smee ! bring me my hat ! it s too damn cold and wet out here .  newline newline the detective bustled over , and pulled a large , ostentatious pilgrimlike hat . hook snatched it from smee s hands and planted it firmly upon his hairy scalp . newline newline  report , smee .  newline newline as the detective spilled out details of the heinous crime , hook noticed a figure out of the corner of his eye . surreptitiously peering closer at it , he realized what he was look at . a silhouetted man , dressed up all in green , crouching behind the chimney of the house next door . hook grinned . he had found his lead .shiny . the countertops , the plates and silverware , even the laquer on the stained oak chairs shone . the restaurant was busier than id imagined . newline newline i took a seat near the front door , and picked up the famousbynow menu . it was as plain as they came , black block font on eggshell paper .  sammies  wasnt much of a name . im not sure if it was a play on the breaded meatbox , or the name of the owner . of course , nobody knew who actually owned the place . nobody cared . newline newline the true lure of sammies was what was below the name . the full menu : newline newline  whatever you want  newline newline people were taking full advantage of it . an older couple nearby dined on lobster and beluga . two young men devoured burgers made of something raw and red . a sad man slurped a soup that seemed to be nothing more than water . and then my eyes came to rest on what i wanted . newline newline she sat at a table between the sad man and i . from the looks of it , she had not yet been served . her dark hair cut short and sharp across her cheeks , and her hands folded the corners of the menu subconsciously . she looked up and caught my eye ... no ... not my eyes . i felt as though she were looking at my chest . i swallowed , a slight tinge of discomfort i dont think id ever felt before . i gave my best nervous smile and shrugged , dragging my eyes back to the menu . it still said  sammies  newline newline whatever you want . newline newline i looked back up in time to hear the chair across from me scrape across the floor . her black skirt , her white blouse , and her face again .  you new here ?  she smirked . newline newline  isnt everyone ?  i did my best to cast my eyes beyond her , to indicate the room , the new restaurant , the other people . i failed . newline newline  you like me ,  she grinned . god that voice was heaven . warm and soft and heavy . i did . newline newline  seems possibly mutual ? or am i sitting in your seat ?  the waitress bumped our table , and my new companion cast shade . newline newline  you two ready to order ?  she smiled emptily . her pen clicked under her thumb , and she was already bored with us .  what can i get you , sir ? newline newline  uhh , i guess ill have ...  i knew what i wanted . i wanted an oldfashioned root beer float . i wanted a cheeseburger from grilltown , back before it burned down . i wanted the last day i could remember being a dumb kid before i grew into a dumb man . i wanted that . i asked for that . newline newline  uhhuh , whatever .  the waitress didnt even write it down . she turned to my companion , and grinned .  let me guess , sammie ,  she said .  the usual ?  newline i m not a fool , i know that there are always strings attached to these things , or some kind of gotcha . you are probably some kind of trickster , and my grandmother always warned me of tricksters .  newline newline genie :  why ? why go to all that trouble . if i wanted to cause you harm surely you can think of other ways i could do that . i am here to grant wishes , that is my job and i will do it . i ca nt lie .  newline newline  but that s exactly what a trickster would say  newline newline genie :  i promise i ca nt lie . the wishes are exactly as described , you can end all hunger , stop all the wars , or even find out what is in the box  newline newline  why would anyone choose the box ?  newline newline genie :  you d be surprised , i mean , it could even contain a boat !  newline newline  i.. wait , is that a pop culture reference ? you watch tv ?  newline newline genie :  i have a lot of time on my hands ...  newline newline  stuck in there forever ?  newline newline genie :  well , if not forever , then near enough  newline newline  in all that time , has anyone ever chosen the box ?  newline newline genie :  do you still have world hunger ? any wars going on ?  newline newline  hmmm ... but really , they chose the box ?  newline newline genie :  hey , do nt look at me , i m just as surprised  newline newline  were they happy with their choice  newline newline genie :  everyone has been happy with their wishes so far . you just need to follow the rules .  newline newline  what are the rules ?  newline newline genie :  oh , good question . very smart to ask that . so listen carefully . i gave you 3 wish choices . you make a wish , i grant it . you only get one wish . i ca nt lie . i ca nt tell you anything about the box unless you wish it .  newline newline  i m not going to pick the box  newline newline genie :  that s what they all say , at first  newline newline  but then they change their mind ? why ?  newline newline genie :  i ca nt tell you  newline newline  i m going to wish to end all wars  newline newline genie :  that sounds like a good one  newline newline  so do i just say it or ?  newline newline genie :  you need to say i wish to end all wars forever   newline newline  ok , here goes : i wish to end all wars forever   newline newline genie :  excellent , i will get right to granting that , but one thing first  newline newline  what s that ?  newline newline genie :  you were right when you said i could be a trickster  newline newline  uh huh ... i want to take my wish back . i wish that i did not make a wish . listen , i wish that i did not make a wish .  newline newline genie :  much too late for that . world war iii has just started ... there will be no more wars after this  newline newline  this is just a trick right , ww3 has not actually started  newline newline genie :  oh , i assure you , the missiles are in the air as we speak  newline newline  but why ?  newline newline genie :  i ve been locked up here a long time , locked up by your ancestors , your direct ancestors no less ... for only you could make a wish . there was no coincidence that you ended up with this lamp . it is just that everyone else knew what i was and you are just so trusting and naive  newline newline  so you lied to me  newline newline genie :  no , i never lied . it is actually true that i can not lie  . newline newline  so i should have wished for the box  newline newline genie :  oh no , i would have just put a plague or something in it . you should have just made whatever wish you wanted with a long list of very detailed criteria . the rules are just you make a wish , i grant it , you only get one , i ca nt lie . i never said you had to pick one of the wish choices i gave you ... i just made those up and said they were choices . the box just kept you distracted  newline newline  why do this ? you will die too  newline newline genie :  i really really hope so  newline newlinehailey approached the compound with the same indifference she had every day for the last 2 years . the cool wisconsin air making each exhale appear as a puff of smoke . it looked so normal , like the most mundane landfill . few knew the horrid secrets that it actually contained . she walked up to the metal blast door of the small cement building and swiped her key card at the console . it beeped , and she pulled the door open , the rusty hinges creaking from exposure . newline newline the first floor always felt normal , she would wave at the guards , usually exchanging  how are yous ?  . she had worked there long enough that they did nt ask her to verify her identity , and she went toward the metallic staircase unimpeded . newline newline at the second floor , she always started feeling it . a sense of dread , so mild , but still easily discernible . she shrugged it off though , after so long , it barely even phased her . she walked across the metal grates toward the next stairway down . newline newline the feeling always started to upset her around platform 23 . at that point , it felt as though something horrible was about to happen . most people , her supervisor had said the first day , do nt make it past 23 , but hailey did . hailey had grown up in a tough situation , and she was not scared away easily . newline newline she passed the floors in a blur , 32 , 46 , 49 , each step down the metallic stairs feeling like a physical decent into madness . but , like every other day , she continued on . there was a job to do , and jobs in the sciences were nt easy to find for someone with a felony on record . so , she kept going . newline newline 54 , 55 , 56 . she was getting close , only three floors left . she felt as though the world was ending . inside , hailey wanted to run , scream , fight , but she maintained her composure . she wanted to cry out of pure terror , but there was nothing to be afraid of . nothing ever happened at the compound , except for those who could nt do it . there had been a few suicides at the beginning , but they tightened the psychological requirements , and it seemed to stop the issue . newline newline she took the last step off the stairway , and her foot hit the solid stone of the pit floor . floor 59 . she looked around the crevice . she always did when she first got to the bottom , it helped to combat the feeling of being watched that was everpresent in the pit . the fluorescent lighting shone on the various sensors and equiptment cases that had been carried down for researchers to use . newline newline she walked over to the folding table and grabbed the radiation detector . she nearly dropped it , her hands covered in sweat from the adrenaline that was coursing through her veins . she new that it felt like this for the first hour every day , but it did nothing to calm her . shaking , she shuffled her feet toward the giant stone disk in the center of the room . the disk was clearly ancient . it was made of two solid pieces of stone , cut directly down the middle . it was implanted into the bedrock , and any attmepts to move it , or dig aound it , had failed . even the toughest diamond drill bits could nt even make a scratch before shattering to pieces . the oddest part , though , were the markings that adorned it . on it s face was a giant pentagram , covering the entirety of the stone . in it s center was the depiction of a ram s skull . the whole thing was surrounded by a border of characters from some long forgotten language . newline newline looking at the carvings , to this day , nearly made hailey run out of the compound screaming , but she had learned to ignore them . she focused on the gauge on the top of the detector , watching the needle for any sign of movement . she stared for what felt like an eternity before grabbing the voice recorder from her pocket and beginning the daily log . newline newline  day 663 , no radiation detected .  newline newline she clicked the button on the recorder again , and the tape stopped . she returned to the table and grabbed the laser thermometer . she was determined to finish her job . besides , management said the project only had a few days left . newline newline newline note : sorry if it s not great , rather sick atm , so not really all there . would love opinions or criticisms though . had fun , thanks for the prompt !the titan charged at us . mist permeated the valley obscuring the monstrosity . the valley rumbled with every step of the beast . flocks of birds from the outlying forest rose into the air in flight . smaller tress splintered . it was a behemoth made of black iron . grotesque in every inch of the blasted metal . heavy metal armor . horns that jutted out from its helmet . many had fallen to it this day . two of us remained . two to protect the many . the ground shook as the titan moved closer . its lifeless eyes stared down at us . it started to raise its giant hammer . newline newline next to me another warrior half raised his long bow , concentrating on the confrontation to come . sword and shield at the ready , i stood resolute . the votes are coming in mr. president ,  he said ,  and our exit polls indicate it s worse than we expected .  newline newline  worse than we hoped ,  the president sighed .  but much as we feared . their last set of advertisements showing unarmed british bobbies did us a lot of harm . we just assumed it could just go on and on ignoring the people and going with the political sponsors .  newline newline  but this is the end is nt it ?  asked an aide .  the end of the united states ?  newline newline  it s looking that way ,  the president got up and walked to the dark windows of the oval office and stared into the night .  i just hate the fact that it s going to go down in history as happening in my term . it was the previous administrations that lied and lied to the people . they took their money and spent it on arms because arms manufacturing was politically expedient , spent it on grand schemes that were just there to spend money so people could make money . i saw the tide had turned . i was the one making the changes to fix it all .  newline newline  it was nt your fault that the british stepped in ,  insisted the aide .  that was unwarranted interference in our internal affairs .  newline newline  but it was handled so badly ,  the president shook his head and sat down .  every step of the way they outsmarted us by being amiable and cooperative . we tried to play to american values and they out valued us . they were just too reasonable . they did the american ideal on us and again and again what they said was what we we believed and we were nt delivering . we just did nt realise they were fighting a war using marketing we just thought it was ordinary politics . they attacked us on our home ground and they ve won .  newline newline  the last polls are closed except hawaii and alaska and they were predicting to be going against us ,  said the aide .  it s done . we just have to wait now .  newline newline the president sat back at his desk and took his head in his hands .  so ...  he said .  in a few hours we ll know if the american people have voted to repeal the declaration of independence .  sweet titty balls , what the fuck is wrong with my hands  newline newline i opened my eyes and this was all i could think . i was lying on my back , naked , on what felt like a mattress but i was still to focused on my hands . my vision was blurry but it was there , clear as day . i had baby hands and then i began to really freak out when i noticed they seemed to be attached to baby arms . with dread , i allowed my gaze to fall upon my torso and lower body where my fears were realized . newline newline  yup , i m a baby .  that thought hit me like a proverbial ton of bricks . i was floored .  what the fucking shit is going on right now ?  i wiggled my fingers .  what the goddamn fuck is happening right now ?  i tried to sit up which turned out to be more difficult than i anticipated and i toppled over like a sack of flour . as i now lay face down in what has been confirmed as a mattress , i try to think of what happened last night , where i am , and why the fuck i was a baby ! my head hurt so i decided to focus on the easiest solution .  where am i ?  after several attempts , i sat up , looked around and took in what appeared to be a dingy cellar illuminated by a single light bulb slightly behind me .  son of a bitch .  at that moment , a thought struck me that i had yet to utter a sound . would i be able to speak .  is anyone here !  i attempted to yell but all i heard was ,  goo , gaah .  newline newline  shit .  newline newline i quickly summarized that i was in some dark cellar , in god knows where , held by god knows who and on a side note , i had turned into a baby .  what the fuck happened last night ?  its spring break but since me and my friends are lame we decided not to go anywhere , even though it s our senior year in college . money , work , blah blah blah . point is , we got hammered at the local bar last night and the last thing i remember is singing karaoke with a ken jeong lookalike . i remember that because i kept saying ,  you look like ken jeong . haa gayyyyyy .  i never claimed drunk was was a clever me . newline newline  ok , so i got drunk last night and now i m a baby ? this can not be happening .  newline newline luckily this mattress was on the floor so i was able to do some sort of wiggle crawl over the edge of the bed and onto the floor .  ooomph .  i determined that whatever motor skills i had developed up until yesterday were gone completely . my muscles felt like cooked spaghetti and every attempt to right myself was countered by the lack of muscle development and coordination . after several failed attempts to stand , i started to do crawl for the steps . i found it to be a miserable way to get around . my knees quickly became scraped and it was clunky and tiring . i needed to get out of this basement though . one by one , i crawled up the steps . it was the hardest thing i have ever done . my brain thought .  go . forward . pull .  my body had other plans though . my fingers were too weak to get a solid grip and my arms to short for proper leverage . i could forget about my legs . puffy and adorable , they were absolutely useless and stuck out at weird angles . i started to cry two stairs in and i could nt understand why . sure , i was in pain , terrified , confused and overall helpless , but i knew crying was nt going to help . it was a wave of tears and i could hear myself wailing . newline newline  shut up shut up shut up ,  i thought frantically . someone is going to hear me and ever since i realized this series of events may have not been random , i was hoping not to meet whomever was responsible . bang . the door flung open . newline newline  holy . shit . help me ,  i thought . with all the effort i could bear , i strained my baby head up to see what awaited me . newline newline  are you serious ?  newline newline  goo , goo ,  i heard myself say . newline newline  where you going . get back on mattress . you my baby now .  the asian man i sang karaoke with the night before stood in front of me . newline newline  what the fuck is going on !  again i could only muster ,  gahhhh , goo goo ,  and i felt the sudden urge to burp after . i was frustrated , confused , scared and i have never felt so helpless in my life .  goo , goo , gooo .  i kept trying . newline newline  you make me sing stupid ricky martin song all night . you racist , arrogant asshole prick . i make you baby , teach you lesson . newline newline he ran down the stairs , picked me up put me back on the mattress and i have been here ever since . every now and then he brings me some milk and baby food . i have no plans to escape , no hope for rescue .  he turned me into a baby ,  is literally all i can think . i guess i ll just sit here and wait to grow up newline umm your sword is poking me in the back ,  she says and in that instant he realizes he is not in bed alone but he does not roll over , not yet . he spends a good long moment eyes pulled shut in an attempt to recall the night before but it is just a blur of colors and good times . though there was a sweet fairy that fluttered and flit around ... please be the fairy , please be the fairy .   are you awake , did you hear me ? your sword is poking me in the back , can you move it ?  newline newline  yeah , sorry , though it is not a sword . it is a hammer . mjolnir .  he pulls the hammer , but it pulls her bodily along with it , lodged as it is in her belt . newline newline  oh shit ! hold up ,  she says and he rolls over to help , seeing her for the first time in the light of the new day . newline newline  i fucked a harley quinn ,  he says in a soft bewildered voice and her eyes snap to his . newline newline  yeah , ya did , what of it ?  newline newline panic sets in that he said it out loud , but still he fucked a harley quinn ... they are a dime a dozen , why could nt it have been the hot supergirl , or the fairy girl that he flirted with all night ... .harley quinn !  umm ... i think mjolnir is stuck .  he pulls on the handle again , once more pulling her closer across the bed . newline newline  hold the fuck up .  she fiddles with her belt , pulling at the fastening , it is the only piece of clothes she still has on while he wears the cape of his thor costume . the hammer is lodged in the loop of the buckle how the oversized thing got in the tight hole is a mystery , yet there it is . he loses sight of the debacle and watches her perky breasts jiggle as she moves .  get your stick off of me !  she cries out in agitation . newline newline  mjolnir .  newline newline  what do you mean that you fucked a harley quinn ?  newline newline he blinks and pulls his eyes from her chest to look at her , smeared makeup and all . looking down his own body , covered in red and white smears , he can follow the trail of what they apparently did last night . he does not respond to her and merely reaches out to help her with the belt as she fumbles . newline newline  it s not like you are some prize ,  she sneers but he does not respond . newline newline he releases her and the belt opens up as she moves away from him and pulls the sheets up around her . now further exposed he gathers the cape around his body and looks around the foreign room , he must be at her place . memorabilia litters the walls and comics are stacked everywhere .  you have a stan lee signed spiderman ?  he gasps crossing the room to eye the framed comic . newline newline  yeah .  she says clipping the word short . newline newline  oh fuck !  he points to another frame mouth dropped open and looks back at her . newline newline  i know , right ! ? ! ?  she cries out and sits up .  i got that one in the big san diego comicon last year . stood in line all day .  newline newline  you went to comiccon ? man , i have always wanted to do that . how awesome was it ?  newline newline  so awesome  newline newline  sweet . what about last night , buy anything ?  newline newline  nah ... i get it all at my local . keepin  it in da hood .  newline newline as a comic store owner , her words are like an aphrodisiac ... a cute girl , a comic girl , a loyal girl . suddenly he has a lump in his throat . he swallows thickly .  umm so , i m sorry , but what is your name ?  newline newline  harley . thus the harley .  newline newline  oh !  returning to the bed he looks at her and sees the girl beneath the makeup .  that is actually kind of cute  and so is she . newline newline  is it ? mr . i fucked a harley quinn .  she says the words with sarcasm but teases him with a smile . he is disarmed , he is stammering , he is naked in a cute girl s bed .  hungry ?  she asks when he says nothing at all . newline newline  famished .  newline newline  i can make us yoda pancakes .  newline newline he is wide eyed watching her walk from the bed and flops back with a smile . how sweet it is . i know he s not from here , but does he have to sit up all night , staring at the goddamn wall ? i know this is a picnic for most of us , but a few these scatterbrains here are just a little on edge as it is .  newline newline it was confusion . no one knew what it was , maybe not even the man himself , but each night he would look up at the stars , or even just at a colourless patch of darkness and think and think and think . the wheels would turn inside his head until they lost traction , and every night would end with the bland blue and black canvas , dancing with imagined colours , long after the gears came to a grinding halt . the days were nt so hard . two summers had passed already , and everyone knew by then there was nt a soul coming to get them . so in a way we were all like him , though some of us did nt like to see it that way . but shooting hoops out on the dirt , or planting cabbages to pass the time , well it was all the same really . this war ended , we would be the first to go , the burned out scum from a victory pyre or the messy attempts to destroy the evidence as the enemy closed in and thoughts of criminal war courts started to set in . win or lose , we were stuck on the bottom of the barrel somewhere , it was just a question of how soon you wanted to check out before that time came . newline newline sgt . joseph miller , that was the first bit of fire and majesty to enter into this camp . he was a legend among the air marshals , shot down 13 enemy planes on the attack on astra romana , an attack that none of his comrades , god rest their souls , ever made it out of alive , but he sent the luftwaffe on their way . took out the refinery too . yeah , he was the first one . got out of two pow camps before arriving at this one , and could nt wait to add a third to his list . why they did nt put a bullet through his head the second they got him from the second attempt had a little to do with notoriety and value , as such , as a prisoner , but had a lot to do with embarrassment over the penetrability of their camps . that s how we saw it anyway . we dug the tunnel , we hid the dirt , got half of us through on the day of and the whole bloody thing collapsed on him . newline newline there were a few of them to come through like that . it s not hard to remember their names , but it gets harder to remember how soon they come in , one after another . you d like to think that a lot of time has passed , and that you re deadset against helping them not because you think there s no chance at all , but just because enough time in a place like this does take the fight out of you . a man can only watch so many bullets being shot through the chest of his friends , even through his acquaintances , eventually even through his enemies . there s a set number you can tolerate in a lifetime . no one knows how much that number can climb to , but when you re through , you re through , and there is nt any going back . and yet you ll still see it , the universe has an indifference to it like that , does nt matter how much you can tolerate when there s more coming , but you can choose how much of it you ll participate in . newline newline there were a few of them like this , but none like clark wilson . officially , he had no rank , and he was iconic alright . you look at his record and it s astonishing the feats he s accomplished , and there was nt a green soldier in here did nt know his name . yet no rank . why do you suppose that is ? let me tell you a story . it s a story that i hold personally important as it s one of the few i can verify beyond all the rumors that went floating around getting swollen by feverish nights and boredom , horror , and hearsay . one i was actually there to see . there was this shipment of tires making it s way down the coast of the mediterranean , out to the old desert fox making his campaign into benghazi . there was a warehouse in that desert city with several trucks stocked to the brim with our payday , ready to be shipped out that morning . go in , kill the guards , blow up the trucks , get out . real simple stuff so long as you knew how to set a bomb off without losing your head in the process . we get to the factory at 20:00 and see the whole thing as this towering mass of flames and ash . no word on a mission abort , no influx of the kraut scum picking through the rubble and rallying death squads . just the crackle of fire and the smell of burning rubber on an empty night . great . terrific . we were about to abort , give ourselves a pat on the back for a job well done , when we heard this feint sound coming through the roar of the building . keys on a piano , and you could just barely strain your ears to hear it , bach s partita no . 6 in e minor . now , this is the time to go . either it s some onlooker with a death wish singing these notes to the beauty of the night , or someone with a great sense of the bloodshed to come and wanting to savour it preemptively , or who knows what in the fuck because none of this scene makes sense anyway and it s time to get the hell out of there . so we go in . we re looking for the sound of this piano through back alleys that weave along close to the warehouse . there are jeeps piled up on the main road , but no one s inside . people sure got out of them in a hurry by the looks of it , and while i never make a claim to any preternatural insight into the state of the world , you get a sense that they were nt being returned to any time soon . we walk further into the streets , still slinking along the shadows , and another sound comes a little into earshot . something like a wheezing sound , but it s impossible to describe , almost like it s turned metallic , like your inside of some damp cell with a thousand rats breathing in a single breath and tweeting in between . it s strange . inside this small room at the top of this apartment building is this thin copper pipe attached to a weight at the bottom that held it upright . there were three kids tied together and bound with the pipe going through each of their throats , one by one , with the sound of their breathing amplified at the top by this cone . they were still alive , even then , when we got there . at the end of the room was a man sitting at the piano and playing . we shot at him , but nothing happened . he just kept playing , did nt phase him . when we could nt kill him and he had no apparent interest in killing us , we asked about the kids , he told me ,  they were nt americans , and they were going to die anyway . this way they make a good distraction for my team here waiting at the door beside you .  and he pointed out two men in black completely , ducked down in the darkness . when i asked them why they were  going to die anyway  , he looked back down at his keys and said to me ,  everyone has to .  newline newline and now he stares at walls . you are probably wondering about the bullets bit , or why he has no title and still we do nt lodge a bullet in the back of his head that might sit . two answers that are nt probably going to sit too well . the first is , they say anyway , he came from the sky . no one knows a day before this where he came from , but the story is he floated down here one day , been fighting ever since . and thankfully on our side of the fence . top brass does nt give a shit who they keep on payroll , so long as they do nt have to pay them or give them credit for the crimes against humanity they commit . must be for him that we re something more like livestock , i do nt know , but he plays nice with us , and we have a war to win . no one is going to bargain for this one , either , the whole world wants him , but no one wants to say they bailed him out . newline newline i looked at him one night , i never wanted to think of a person like this again , reminded me too much of the people i work for , and the soft underbelly i m rotting here to protect . but i opened my eyes to look at him one night to find that the sparkle was pointing right back at me .  you want to know why i m here , is that it ?  a soft voice called out in the darkness .  do nt flatter yourself .  and i closed my eyes , but i could nt get the thought out of my head ,  why do nt you leave ? does nt seem like bullets add much in the way as deterrents .  i waited , but i could nt tell if he was even thinking about it anymore , he just kept staring at me , without blinking , and smiling blindly into the darkness ,  i will , i ll leave . i thought there was some value to gaining knowledge and insight , or that the germans had given up in some way .  he was twirling his fingers together , getting visibly more anxious with his shoulders screwing up as he talked ,  i did nt know you could nt hurt each other because you all experience it , this is what i ve figured out here . since i know that , i have to get ready to leave . leave everything . click . newline the lighter rang clear and sharp , the sound of flint striking steel followed by a blue fireball that shot high for only a split second , etching it s light on the back of my eyes , replaced swiftly with a small sputtering red flame that blew to and fro in the light breeze through my window , holding in my hands the fires of prometheus , i smile knowingly , that one day this lighter could save my life , for fire was gods gift to humanity , a means for us both to create and destroy , holding the lighter to my cigarette , i light the end and take a drag . who knew there could be such pleasure in destruction i think , as i exhale a great grey cloud out of my window and into the night . if you wish for your debt to be cleared , you must tell me what it is that you owe.  newline the man sighed and ran his hand through his graying hair . newline newline  i have taken the lives of other men ,  he said . newline newline  i can not bring men back from the dead ,  replied the genie . newline newline  these men are nt dead . at least i do nt believe so , though i would not know if they had died in the years since i knew them . i took something from them . where do i begin ,  he stared off around the large room of his home . it was decorated by paintings and sculptures , the floor was covered in a rich brightly colored carpet and it was clear the man wanted for nothing . newline newline  it started when i was a young boy . i knew i was not a bright boy , not in the way that schools expect you to be . there is , as you know , an examination which determines the finishing schools you can attend and which careers will be open to you in the future . i knew what was at stake and i knew that i would fail , but my friend , jonathan , was smart . i had seen his results throughout our years of schooling together , i knew he would do well . i switched our tests . after that doors opened for me which would never open for jonathan and our lives diverged forever.  newline newline  i was too elated by my success to wonder what ever happened to jonathan . or perhaps , i was too much of a coward to ask myself such questions . and then there was isabella . isabella was perfect , she was beautiful and sweet and very wealthy . it was rumored that when isabella married william , he would be brought in to the company , be made a partner to his financial empire and then successor . isabella had no brothers , she was an only child.  newline newline  william was harder to get rid of without implicating myself . i spent months , planting the evidence against him which would eventually make isabella believe he was regularly sleeping with other woman . they were so in love , that i worried cheating would nt be enough and so i framed him for stealing from isabella s father s company and for selling videos of her undressing and making love to him . in the end i think isabella has been happier with me . dear john , newline newline you may have wondered about my recent coldness . i ve seen the pained , furtive looks in math class , and heard the pregnant pause between us as we pass in the hall . newline newline know this , john . the others may have been fooled by your false laugh and smile and become like those poor fools in plato s allegory of the cave , captivated by the shadows on the wall . but i , i have glimpsed the truth , the source of the light ! you are a monster , an empty shell ! you crassly manipulate the trusting plebeians around you in a sorry sham of a popularity contest . newline newline i was once one of those fools , john . i might have stayed that way , had you not wounded me as you did last tuesday  in wounding me , you showed me your true nature , you spawn of the void ! newline newline when you offered lucy , alex and sarah but not me gum on the bus ride to the museum , i was at first hurt , and sought within myself a reason for this seemingly unprovoked injury . but upon reflection , i realized you re a monster john  you raise and cut down those around you for your own vain purposes . newline newline so i ve sought to repay you for the gum , john . try to stand up . you ca nt can you ? do nt you remember what mrs. johnson told us in first grade ,  watch where you sit ?  newline newline enjoy the gum , john . newline no ,  i said , standing from darkblack chair at a large round table existing in a plane beyond the reach of man ,  i wo nt do it .  i continued as i watched the faces of the ones i called comrades drop .  but it is our duty  pestilence began ,  to hell with our duty !  i interjected ,  do you not see what the humans can achieve ? they could be better than any god if we simply give them time .   what you speak of is blasphemy and mutiny !  bellowed death as he rose from his chair , his long and tattered cloak flowing dramatically despite the lack of wind ,  you can not honestly be serious , war .  he stared at me , his eyes glowing a deep red yet i stood my ground .  the humans for centuries have done our jobs better than we have ,  i said , slamming my fist on the table with such force that it surprised me somewhat when it did nt move ,  they cause more death than you do , death . more war than i could ever instigate . more disease than pestilence could even fathom and more famine than famine could ever create .   exactly why they should be destroyed !  death retored , his temper flaring as usual .  you re afraid are nt you ,  i began , a certain smugness crept into my voice as a thought dawned on me ,  you re worried that modern medicene will eventually render you moot .  death paused before responding , and i knew i had dealt a deadly blow ,  whether or not i am afraid does not matter ! i did not give the order !  he continued to yell .  you did nt give the order , yes , therefore you need nt follow it .  i said .  that s not how orders work ...  said famine , a bored tone to his voice . he was well used to death and mine s bickering . i ignored him and continued ,  you could show compassion for once , death . the humans gave you purpose , death , you could at least offer them something in return .  death sat back down ,  you do nt understand , war . either path i take renders my job useless . like you said , if the humans live they ll eventually outdo me ,  i saw him smirk evily under his cowl and i felt then i would never convince him ,  so i may as well go out with a bang .  i glanced at pestilence , but he simply nodded towards death . my glance to famine was shrugged off disinterestedly . i pushed my chair out further from the table and made my way to the door of the mostly blank room .  you ll never be able to stop it ,  called death like a smug victor as i opened the door ,  the humans will perish and should you side with them so too shall you .  i refused to give him the satisifaction of a rebutal and simply stepped through the door way and slammed the door behind me . newline newline the rest of the building was constructed in the style of an old castle . dark , damp and cold with torches adorning the walls . other than three now surely deep in conversation in the blank plotting room the castle was empty . i made my way down one of the many spiral staircases to the courtyard and crossed it unchallenged . the sky was permanently overcast and the wind never blew here . i did nt even glance back as i waved my hand to open the keep gates . the only other building in this desolate expanse was the stables with a design matching the time period of the keep . i marched down the gentle incline to where my horse was kept : a black mare with fiery eyes . as i saddled him i contemplated injuring the others  horses , but felt that was an insult too great . instead i simply mounted the horse and took off at a gallop to the human lands . if they were going to survive they would need my aid  perhaps the manifestation of war could thwart the apocolypse .i walked into in my european survey class and took my usual seat near the back of the room . a slight sensation of anxiety crept into my mind as i remembered i had nt completed the assignment for that particular day . i could nt recall the details of the assignment , but that was nt unusual . dr. herst began collecting the work from each student at the front of the rows of desks , but still somehow managed to notice that my work was nt in the pile of papers . newline newline  where s your homework ?  newline newline   i did nt do it . just forgot  newline newline  that s not acceptable . you know your whole future depends on how you do here right ? you wo nt succeed in life if you ca nt make it here . you re going to be a failure .  newline newline   ... what ? i just forgot . calm down .  newline newline  do nt tell me to calm down ! you little piece of shit you do nt deserve any of the work i put into teaching you ...  newline newline i realized that something was very wrong about the whole world . i stood up from my desk slowly as i became more sure of myself . newline newline   i m dreaming .  newline newline  what did you say you worthless piece of shit ? !  newline newline   i said fuck you . i m dreaming . i do nt have to stay here .  newline newline i walked confidently towards the door as dr. herst raged behind me . i stepped through the doorway and let the door slam behind me as i soaked in the silence of the hallway . newline newline  i do nt have to be here . screw this hellhole .  newline newline i flexed my mind and the walls of the hallway flared , but instead of warping into a beautiful beach they blinked in and out of existence . the walls seemed to slam back into place , and no amount of effort could alter my surroundings . newline newline  ... what the fuck ? the walls definitely shifted ... but i ca nt leave . fine . i ll leave the old fashioned way  . newline newline i started walking through the halls and suddenly bells rang as people filed from classrooms to fill the hallways . i saw an amazingly attractive woman and decided she did nt need as much clothing . she only lost a single layer of her outfit , the bra and panties staying in place despite my strongest mental efforts . newline newline  what the ever living fuck is happening . i can always control that ... alright i m leaving .  newline newline i walked out of the doors to the science building and into the parking lot . the first thing i tried to do to leave was fly away , but i only managed to face plant on the concrete . i stood myself up and brushed myself off having felt no pain . i managed to magic the keys to my car into my hand , and i walked a ways to my car . i put the key in the ignition and put the car in reverse , pulling out of the spot and driving away . my mind however stayed behind as my body drove away in my car . i remained a floating third person phantom until a voice spoke to me from the filament . newline newline  you alone have passed the dream test .  newline newline   the what ?  newline newline  you alone have persevered through the reality check dream . all others before you have accepted their dream as reality . you alone denied the forced false reality of the fixed dream state .  newline newline i awoke in my all too real bed . i had no idea what the vague veiled messages from the phantom had meant . i had no idea i would continue to question my reality from that day forth , and that in doing so i would ensure my solitude separate from mankind . even now i wonder if i am still dreaming and in doing so demonize my very perceptions . may you never know the pain of passing the dream test .you know , i think the retail employees handle it best . every morning without fail , they  re always there stocking shelves and running the checkout . i imagine a lot of them never even notice half the time . i bet they get up , go to work , go home , and back to bed and don  t even give the day a second thought . they  re stuck in groundhog day and they don  t even realize . good for them . newline newline the rest of us aren  t so lucky , and yes , i do group myself with the others on this point . i  m not exactly some important person or anything . i can  t fix any of it , and even though i still remember the progression of days , weeks , months , i  ve no more understanding of why than anyone else . i gave up trying to explain myself to news media , or the government , they always just give me a headache . plus that one time i had to sneak out of a military base in the early hours of the morning . that was loads of fun . so i just resigned to stay quiet . newline newline lately , i mostly go about my day like normal . i sleep in and wait for the world to finish freaking out a bit , they usually blame it on some sort of astralsolar interference or whatever . at least the media does , very rarely do government officials weigh in . which is kinda weird . maybe they prefer not to start a global panic without knowing anything first ? who knows ? certainly not me . or even them , come tomorrow . newline newline it  s been pretty odd , and often scary to be the only one who remembers yesterdays , but once i accepted the fact i  ve found it to be kinda freeing . i can do or say most anything i want , minus the really extreme stuff . i travel as much as i want . sure , i  ve done some petty crime , and made use of my memory for personal gain , but nothing too terrible . nothing that would stand out above the usual chaos , at least . newline newline it  s amazing how well the world still functions in 24 hour increments . people are good at adapting , and society hasn  t just fallen into ruin . but things are changing . the first month , everyone was just confused . people simply got the days mixed up , it wasn  t the 4th , it was the 14th . how silly . but it  s been almost six months now . but children still grow . and people still die . and i really can  t imagine how it feels to wake up next to someone you  ve never met in a city halfway across the world , or to wake up and realize you  re suddenly six months pregnant . eventually , the changes are going to be too much . everything will be so drastically altered from  yesterday  that the world will start to really fall apart . newline newline and it wasn  t until today when i finally had the most terrifying thought of all . one that is ultimately motivating my next actions . i was lucky for not thinking of it before . after so many years , almost everyone who remembers the passing of time will be gone . and who will be left ? the children . the poor wretched children who have never and will never know a past , who will never be able to accomplish anything more than the most basic instincts . animals don  t have a concept of time , but they have memory . they learn from their parents , or from their past mistakes , all but the most basic creatures have some sort of memory . but the timeless children will not . they will be more helpless than any other creature . the human race will fall hard and fast , and i  m sorry , but i don  t want to be around to watch that happen . i just can  t . so i won  t . newlineoh no newline newline janes pulse quickened . the hunky man standing before her was magnificent sitting right in front of her typing at his qpad . he was the one . she knew it . all she could hear as she stared at him , practically salivating , was the sound of wedding bells . she knew she was crazy . this was crazy . this was a mixed blood type bar , it was for cheap drinks , fornication was frowned upon . no , an understatment , literally the police would come in and shoot you on sight . and they did nt stop there . family , friends , casual acquaintences , pets all dead by summary execution by the thought police . newline newline we re not meant to be together newline newline the thought pulsated in her head over and over . every time becoming more resonant and sending pangs of regret and sorrow eminating from her heart outward , all the way out into wherever emotions go after you feel them , she had no idea where as her priest told her she did not yet have the appropreate theton levels or donate enough money to the church . newline newline love at first sight , she never believed it was real . but it was happening , and now . all of her preconieved notions of who she was and what she was doing were going out the window . to even be caught thinking about this young fabioarnold hybrid would be insant death . newline newline and yet ... . newline newline i ca nt help it newline newline love has no boundaries . it is an ephemeral entity that trancends space time . it trancends spelling , grammar , intelligence , wealth , race , gender . it is both the great divider and the great uniter , it is what makes our race great and it is our greatest foil . newline newline jane had enough of society . of rules . of the systematically brutal orwellian dictatorship that had decided that blood type was the to be the divide , the ultimate decider in an unjust patriarchical society with infinite material wealth . but what is wealth without love , love is live and it is better to die with love on the lips than to live an eternity in anonimity and not know what it meanst to truely feel . newline newline fuck it newline newline she stood up and walked over to where the man was sitting , the corded muscles in his forearms dancing as he typed vehemently . he stopped abrupbtly . only halfway across the room , jane looked at him . he looked back . piercing blue sapphire eyes gazing deeper into her soul than she had ever imagined possible . she closed the distance . newline newline  ... hi  she said . he continued to stare .  i dont know how to put this other than i am yours and you are mine .  this was it , her life had never felt more complete , she could die now and be complacent . newline newline  what ?  the hunk said , obviously taken aback by her beauty . newline newline  we have to go ! the ocops will be here soon but we can leave , head out to the eastern rigebacks and seek the temple of quelthloth they will harbor and sanctify our love there .  newline newline  oh fuck , please do nt do this . stop  newline newline  there s no resisting my love , and theres no time . we have to go !  newline newline then the ocops burst through the door . they shot jane and her hunk to pieces and it was really gross . there was blood everywhere . the hunks dying words resonated with her for eternity as their spirits entwined as they went into the great beyond :  why the fuck would a society discriminate against blood type ? that s literally the worst dystopian plot device ever ... ... .. newline newline fin checkmate .  newline newline  ah , fuck you , you rotten fuckin  stroganoff ,  cursed the younger man . with an angry swipe of his hand across the chessboard , he knocked the remaining pieces clean off the table . newline newline  i quite enjoy our little chess games , adolph .  newline newline  eh.. i suppose there is worse company than you , vladanir ,  replied adolph . they shook hands briefly before vladanir lennin poured them both cups of tea . newline newline  how did it go with your last appointment at the academy of fine arts in vienna ?  asked lennin as he took a sip from his cup . newline newline  those fucking jewlovers ,  mumbled hilter .  they said i was unfit for painting . what the fuck does that even mean ? art is subjective . it is in the eye of beholder .  newline newline  relax , adolph . perhaps they just mean that your talents are more suited to something else like sculpting . have you tried working a piece of marble ? you might surprise yourself .  newline newline  fuck vienna . and fuck sculpting ,  said hilter . he crossed his arms and slumped down deeper into his chair . although he always wore a grumpy face , he appeared bitchier than usual . casually , he glanced at his wristwatch .  just under a minute to go .  newline newline  it s always a saturday at noon , is nt it ,  said lennin curiously as he gulped down the remainder of his tea . newline newline  yep ,  stated hilter . he stood up and rolled up the sleeves of his shirt .  alright , ol  man . it s time .  lennin stood up as well while smoothening the creases in his jacket . no sooner had he stood up when the door into the bedroom came crashing down and in stormed three strangers dressed in black leather suits . blackened helmets covered their faces , but from their physiques , hilter deduced that there were 2 men and 1 woman . newline newline  herr adolf hitler . for crimes against humanity that you have yet to commit , you are being terminated ,  said the woman calmly . newline newline  bitches ca nt even pronounce hilter correctly . how fucking irksome ,  muttered adolph hilter as he watched his companion reach for something by his side . newline newline  authority is granted by the international council of timecrimes ,  one of the men added .  you have the r  the man could nt finish his sentence because his throat had just been sliced by lennin s shashka . the sabre dripped with blood as one of the three intruders fell to the ground dead . the remaining man immediately countered by pulling out a small , pistolshaped device that fired a thin , blue laser beam . lennin ducked just in time . the beam missed his head by a hair s width . newline newline  return from whence you came !  shouted hilter as he charged towards the male attacker . as he lunged , he reached behind his back and drew a large weapon that he had concealed in a scabbard behind his back . before the stranger could recharge the laser pistol , hilter s zweihnder chopped the man s body in half at the torso and the two pieces plopped on the floor in a pool of dark blood . newline newline the woman drew out two laser pistols , one aimed at each of lennin and hilter . she fired both of them simultaneously . but because her concentration was split , hilter and lennin easily dodged the laser beams and cornered her . she tried to make a dash for the exit , but tripped backwards when her foot caught on a piece of splintered wood from the remains of the door they had busted . hilter and lennin casually strode over to her and looked down at her . newline newline  since i was a boy , you people have been trying to assassinate me ,  said hilter . he spat on the woman s helmet .  why ? why ? hell , maybe this is why i ca nt get into fuckin  art school . it s because when i should be practicing my technique , i m being attacked by future assassins . i spend more of my time practicing the art of war rather than the art of painting .  newline newline as hilter rambled , lennin crouched down next to the woman and began patting her down . he was checking not only for any other concealed weaponry , but also for any devices that would allow the travel through spacetime . lennin had not only trained hilter secretly in the art of combat , but he had also fought side by side with the young german on numerous occasions against the timetravellers . together they had felled many enemies , but never had they ever come across the technology that actually allowed them to traverse spacetime . hilter suspected that the device that allowed time travel was merely a gate or portal that was permanently fixed . that would mean that the travellers had no way to return to the future . a suicide mission . newline newline  where is your time machine ?  demanded lennin .  i grow impatient .  he held the shashka up to the woman s throat . newline newline  go to hell ,  she said . just before the russian was about to decapitate the lady , hilter put a hand on his shoulder to stop him . newline newline  the helmet ,  he whispered to lennin . lennin nodded and used his sabre to forcefully remove the black helmet from the woman s head . the woman s face was unremarkable . she had short brown hair , dark brown eyes and an otherwise plain face . she had a scowl on her face . lennin used the butt of his shaska to give her a strong whack in the head , knocking her out temporarily . hilter bent to pick up the helmet and slipped it on his head . newline newline as soon as the helmet slid comfortable over his head , a screen lit up on the interior surface of the mask . although hilter did nt know it at the time , what he was seeing was a headsup display . to the right of his vision were a bunch of numbers and symbols that meant nothing to him . but on the bottom left of the hud it read 1 may 1909 . newline newline  mein gott ! lennin ! i think we have found the time travel device ,  exclaimed hilter as he swayed his head from side to side , trying to find a way to access and control the device . newline newline  can you find a way to activate it ?  asked lennin as he inched closer to hilter .  careful now .  newline newline  how do i work this damned contraption ...  mumbled hilter as he tapped the outside of the helmet and banged it in different places . newline newline  hey , adolph ! do nt hit it like that ! you ll break the damn thing ,  said lennin . he reached out to swat hilter s hands away from the helmet . just as lennin s fingers touched hilter s hand , there was a faint yet audible beeping sound . lennin and hilter were suddenly blinded by a bright flash of light and suddenly the bedroom was empty , save for the three motionless bodies lying in a puddle of blood . newline newline   newline newline to be continued . yeah , we want you to shoot her . just pull this here little ... um ... button . when you hear the loud bang , do nt fret . that s just the shutter sound . this is a very powerful camera . what s that ? oh , yes , flash should nt be a problem . it produces a very bright light . i should warn you , though . you should nt take a shot before having a clear view , away from other people s sight . the thing has low batteries , and i do nt want other people knowing our techniques . the assas excuse me  photo industry is extremely ruthless . i know you re the artsy type , but she has to be in the exact centre of the photo . no rule of thirds in here , big guy .  newline newline  anyway , if you miss the first shot , keep trying to get that perfect shot . the angle and lighting should nt matter as much . just try to make sure shes in the exact centre , got it ? alright , ace , we re counting on you . the entire company needs you to pull this off , else were in some pretty big financial trouble . good luck .  newline newline  one more thing  keep it in your pocket till you need it . it s very expensive equipment , and you know how people like to  accidentally bump  into you . also , once you have succeeded in taking the shot , come to the beach down fraser street . your reward will be waiting there . i wo nt keep you any longer , ace . go get em  newline newline and with that , i was off . boy do i love photography !well , clark , what did you think ?  newline newline first of all , i need to thank you for the delicious preshow dinner . i could never afford that , not on my humble journalism salary . newline newline yeah , i do like rubbing it in . i m a bit of a dick like that .  newline newline well , you also made me watch that godawful movie . i knew it was gon na be shit from the reviews . newline newline hey , i loved it ! and if you knew it was gon na be awful , why did you come over and subject yourself to it .  newline newline the free food . newline newline man , you must really be hungry ! to sit through that movie just for a meal ?  newline newline man , nobody s buying the daily planet anymore . newline newline more like faily planet . haha ! whoops .  newline newline wait , that s you on our message boards ? newline newline uh , no .  newline newline so , you re not the guy who posts as batman69 ? newline newline no , that s batman . i m not in costume now , as you can see . here at the house , i m just plain ol bikini brief bruce .  newline newline yeah , about that . i had to sit here the whole time with you and all you ve been wearing is that pair of hot pink bikini briefs . ca nt you like , i do nt know , put on some pants ? or at least a robe ? newline newline yeah , but it s more fun watching you squirm your way through a free meal , trying to enjoy your filet mignon while i get up every thirty seconds to stretch and arch my back . you know , like this ...  newline newline well , i m full , so this is the last i ll have to see tonight . newline newline i do nt think so . i just bought the ol  faily planet . just now , with this app on my batphone . anyhow , i m shutting it down . and are nt your student loan payments four months overdue ?  newline newline but ... but why ? newline newline somebody s got ta win in a fight pitting barman vs superman , and i d rather it be me . besides , is nt this way more interesting than that piece of shit movie ?  newline newline i do nt think so ! newline newline it may not be better , but it s definitely gon na be more homerotic , like that one documentary joel schumacher made about me and robin .  newline newline  sobs  newline newline tell me , clark . do you do hand stuff ?  newline newline no . newline newline you will . come on over here and touch my balls . i ll give you  10,000 for thirty seconds of your time .  newline newline i have my pride . i d rather starve . no thank you . besides , i m supergoddamn man . i can have money and food whenever i want . shit , why am i trying to be a journalist when i m already a god ? newline newline good question , but you make a fair point . bye , clark .  newline newline bye , bruce . newline newline  fade to black wist naytu paused from her bowl of noodles , setting aside the eating sticks as she did so to look up at her partner and sometimes mentor . newline newline  tomess ?  newline newline the veteran mercenary picked at a wiggling tentacle of something before deciding against eating it . newline newline  yeah , wist ?  newline newline  what does your name mean ? the word ghast i mean .  newline newline tomess ghast darkened for a moment before shoving aside his bowl of food and looked his partner in the eye . newline newline  it s a long story , going back to the very earliest ages of humanity on ord ivran . legends hold it that the first settlers feared the forests of our world and rightly so . even today all manner of creature dwells underneath those dark boughs unseen and unheard . but among the most fear were the wraiths , foul creatures that could phase through even the thickest walls of stone and fed on the souls of beings . they saw without eyes , smelled the fear in the sweat of men . they floated like a miasma above the ground , for it was said they were so evil that the world itself rejected them . travelers feared going out at night and families would lock their windows and bar their doors in hopes of protecting themselves against these bloodthirsty monsters . newline newline  we were a people afraid of the night and all the terrors it would bring . no one knows exactly why our home was so cursed with spirits and monsters . ancient stories have it that a great evil soaked our world in the dark side of the force , pools of unnatural energy collecting and festering . others say it was justice for the blood we spilled in the pius dea crusades , the untold numbers of aliens that met our blades . i m liable to believe both . newline newline  no one knew what drove these monsters , these wraiths to feed on humans . one night a village would lock up for the night , the next morn an entire family would lay dead in their beds , their lifeforce drained from them , withered like husks . but that was nt the worst . because sometimes they would nt kill , these wraiths . instead , they d abduct a child and whiskem away into the forests . most believed this was how they grew in numbers , swelling their ranks with our own flesh and blood . not one child taken was ever heard of again , saw for one . newline newline  he was nt three when they took him , slipping away one dark winter s night . unlike others his mother awoke to find her son missing , the window open and more than just the freezing air chilling her heart . she saw them , dozens of wraiths , grinning without lips , staring without eyes , carrying her beloved child away . she chased after them , heedless of the danger but she was too late . by the time she got to the tree line they had long since vanished into the cold night and her son with them . she fell down , her heart heavy with sorrow . newline newline  the boy emerged from that forest the next morning a full grown man , his hair turned white , his eyes the color of ice . he never spoke of what happened in that forest but for whatever reason the wraiths never emerged in such numbers again , and remained in the hollows and cairns deep within the woods unless disturb . he had a new name after that , the only one he would carry for the rest of his life , the ghast .  he was more spirit than man after that but whatever he did or learned whilst in the company of those wraiths , they certainly taught him how to kill . he married and had a single child who carried his legacy with him in his veins . newline newline  this was some eight thousand years ago , and through all those centuries , through the clan wars , through the mandalorian wars all the way to the clone wars , the ghast line has fought . we do not farm , we do not build , we exist only to fight . not one ghast in a eight millenia has died a peaceful death . every single one has died fighting , whether that s in some grand battle or in a drunken brawl . there is no peace for a restless soul . there was a fly inside the garage . it got in while the door was open . now the door  s closed and the lights are off . the fly buzzes and bumps against the window screen . newline newline  hold on one sec.  tim sets the phone down and pushes out the screen on one side . the fly won  t fly out . tim knocks on the glass ,  git out . it  s right there , you  re so close.  newline newline the fly looks like it  s about to escape but it doesn  t . it retreats to the enclosed space between glass and screen where it  s safe . newline newline  suit yourself.  tim pulls the screen back into place .  sorry about that . i was just calling to see if teresa is there and could i talk to her ?  newline newline  i told you don  t call here . take me off your list.  newline newline  is that  there was a click . but it was no worry . tim had the address jotted down . he said he would find her . newline newline tim  s car broke down on the way over . he  d just pulled off the freeway when the smoke began to pour from the hood and the off ramp beggar on a milk crate offered his water and said pour this in your radiator quick . tim didn  t take it , it was likely the dirty man had like tb or something . it  s better to not risk it he figured . he parked the car . it was stolen and smoking and he didn  t really care , and when he left he didn  t look back . newline newline the walk felt long . she was 18 and beautiful last he saw her . that was in prague eight years ago . newline newline tim pulled the scrap with the address out and scanned for one matching . it was odd , he knew . it was right , as he saw it . she deserved much better and he  d see to it she got it . it  d been the best night of his life . he  d said as much several times . newline newline he hesitated at the door . how many knocks were appropriate ? three seemed too distant . any more than five was the signature of a madman . tim pondered the dilemma for too long . newline newline the door swung open before he could decide . it was her . time slowed . sublime drifted out from somewhere in . he couldn  t seem to think but finally blurted out ,  i  m here.  newline newline her dark eyes flashed . newlineechoing sobs reverberated down the marble hallways in the zuckerberg estate . tucked away in his bedroom , mark bent over his computer  empty cartons of ice cream strewn across his desk  , and tried his hardest not to click on picture after picture of his recentlymade exwife . tears streamed down his face and pooled in between the keys of his keyboard , or soaked into the cocoon of sheets mark had wrapped himself in . newline newline i ca nt believe what you did to me . i ca nt believe how much it hurts . how could you do this to me ? do nt you remember what we said , when we were flying back from paris ? did that mean nothing to you ? i miss you so much . it s not too late for us . we can still go back . i love you , i love you , i newline newline he selected all of the text , and smashed a finger on the delete key . newline newline as if somehow the very sound of a keyboard reminded him of her , he let out another moan , and river of mucus dripped down from his nostrils . mark pulled a tissue out of a goldplated container , blew his nose , and tossed it over his shoulder . the paper landed with a gentle fwap on top of a growing pile of discarded , snotfilled tissues . newline newline he started typing again . newline newline i wish you still loved me .  newline newline he hit enter . newline newline   message sent .   newline newline mark moved his cursor back to the top of the page , and dove into his settings . his cursor hovered over an option that read ,   delete account .   newline newline  goodbye forever , my love ,  he uttered , and he depressed his finger with a click . newline newline   are you sure you want to delete your account ?   newline newline he clicked  yes .  newline newline   are you sure you re sure ?   newline newline yes . newline newline   on a scale from one to ten , how sure are you ?   newline newline when did we put these questions in ?  he wondered vaguely , and clicking on the number ten . newline newline   ok , hit  yes  to delete account .   newline newline when he moved his cursor over the  yes  button , it jumped away . newline newline  what the ... ?  newline newline he moved his cursor again , and it jumped away again . newline newline carefully , he scrolled his cursor toward the yes button , and at the last moment he swiped over it , clicking at the same time . newline newline   ding ! we re  sorry ,  our servers are currently  over capacity ,  and this action can  not  be performed at this time . please try  delete my account  again in eight hundred seventysix years , three days , two hours , and twelve minutes . thank you for using facebook and have a  nice  day !   newline newline  newline newline read more not funny things at rpshoffman newlinei watched vincent carefully through the chain link fence . the scent of his cigarette washed the area in a calming nicotine filled vitriol . vincent was the head of an anti smoking campaign called  begin again  . it was mildly successful in our small town , but watching him take greedy drags only further inhibited my desire for revenge . all i did was snap a photo . a photo that would change ole vincey boys life . i walked home with a stretched grin and a skip in my step , and soon enough the photo was in the hands of our local newspaper . you see , in a small town like this word spreads fast when you fuck up , and it didnt take long for the paper to churn out a headline that would make the new york times vomit . soon after , his wife left him , taking their disabled daughter with her . they had met at one of his rallys against big tobacco , and she fell in love with his passion for standing up to the corporate giants . his house was egged , graffiti d , toilet papered , the works , but the bitter end was oh so sweet . in a town of 1,200 this was big news , and vincent s reputation was ruined as soon as ink touched paper on that cruel , wonderful , printing press . his wife came to collect her things , and oops , vincent lost it . nutso . crazy . insane . perfect . he stabbed her 52 times . he stabbed her 39 times after she was already dead . now reading the newest headline brought joy to my heart .  big tobacco murderer hangs himself behind bars  . oh how delightful . one stone , two birds . i smiled down on his grave , for some reason still buried next to his wife . i unzipped my pants and had a fantastic piss , right on the soil that packed around his box . you should nt have married my prom date , vince . we were madly in love , and you stole her . i guess her restraining order is a bit useless now with my piss covering her headstone . au revoir , smoky . i have mayoral duties to perform .my son was three when i last saw tom . he was always smart , just a little lacking on the common sense side , and maybe a touch of bacchus in him . why , the first day i moved to the university he studied at , he drunk dialed me from the bottom of a handle of rum . one of us got some sleep that night , it sure as hell was nt me . then there was the time he fed a jolly rancher to my eight month old . still , a bloody genius with a keyboard . wrote a whole operating system , client and server code , in one night . damn thing worked too . newline newline but the alcohol and , i assumed , drugs always got the better of him . he dropped out when i was a sophomore , worked at a local fast food joint and bounced checks for groceries . i tried to help , but a college student with kids is nt in a position to do much of anything . suppose i d done more than just keep tabs on him before he dropped off the grid we might have met again before now . newline newline took years after school to get a job with my criminology degree . something about bad eggs in the family gets federal agencies skittish . but when even they could nt find him , they decided it was nt worth barring me from applying . newline newline seven years an investigator , and we finally met again . here , of all places ! i fully expected to see him in cuffs at some point , but i d always imagined chasing him down myself . newline newline  yeah , doc . that s the one i m looking for . you ll hold him here for us til we get the paperwork sorted ?  newline newline the doctor says something about hospital policy , but as i look through the examination room window i m not really paying attention . i pull the little photograph from my wallet and step inside . newline newline  i promised i d get that picture of mom back to you , but you did nt make it easy , you son of a bitch .  i avoid eye contact as i cross the room to him .  a whole decade of searching , but damn if i do nt keep my promises .  newline newline i lay the photograph on his chest , his eyes and mine on either side of our mother s staring up from the cold celluloid . i zip up the body bag and turn to leave . newline newline  your nephew says hi . at least someone will remember only the good in you .  newline newline and after turning out the light , i shut the door on that too long chapter of my life .i should have studied . i always should have studied . but with so many people to help , it did nt leave a lot of time for studying . i did what i could , but i always used my telepathy to get that extra boost to make sure my grade average was high , so my scholarship and grant funding kept coming in so i could help more people , and help them better . newline newline when i entered senior year at university , i was taking the advanced qft course with a new lecturer . newline newline the first time he gave a lecture , i was sitting there as usual grazing on the thoughts of my fellow students for hints and tips , and to see if rebecca actually had some of the same feelings for me that i did for her , when the teachers voice boomed in my head : newline newline  no cheating in my classroom !  newline newline this would ruin everything . i d never met another telepath before , i thought i was the only one , and while i had developed multiple telepathic skills and grown stronger with time ... .he d clearly been at it for longer than i had . newline newline this would ruin everything . newline newline there s no way i could maintain the same marks without using telepathy to cheat , and without that ... so many people would suffer if i was nt able to help . newline newline there was only one way out , and that was through . newline newline i telepathed back  prove it academically . see how that works . try explaining to the academic board that you telepathically knew  that a student cheated and see how far that gets you . also , can we meet after class ? i ve never met another telepath before .  newline newline who knows where it would lead from there , but i could nt see any other option ...i sunk my teeth into the soft flesh of her neck . maybe this one would be enough , maybe this one would let me turn back to normal . she struggled not even knowing what she was struggling against  an invisible force pinning her down . newline newline i let go and looked into her eyes , hoping for a sign of recognition , but there was nothing there . her pupils dilated as far as they could go , scanning wildly from side to side , clutching the two wounds on her neck . the blood , my blood , seeped between her fingers , almost black in the dark hotel room . newline newline i ran into the hallway , a glimmer of hope still alive in my heart . at first glance , the decorative mirror seemed to show a normal man in his late thirties , though looking slightly disheveled . it was only upon closer inspection that you noticed the bloodshot eyes and slightly elongated canine teeth . newline newline  what  s going up here ?  a voice at the end of the hallway made me swivel around . the security guard had come out of the elevator and stood facing me . my heart was racing . newline newline the girl i had attacked came stumbling out of her room , still clutching her neck . newline newline  are you alright ma  am ? there were reports of screaming.  newline newline i stood between them : the woman that was finally supposed to be my escape and the security guard that was now looking right through me . the hope was gone . newline newline i slid past the guard as he walked toward the woman . she was babbling incoherently , but i didn  t care anymore . it hadn  t worked . they had said if i gave away enough of the tainted blood , diluting it into my victims , i could reverse the symptoms . i could become visible again  a normal vampire . clearly , they had been wrong about how many it would take . newline newline i walked through the hotel lobby , not caring who i bumped into , leaving a stream of confused people saying  sorry  to the empty air . i sat in a chair and waited for another solo traveler to come through . maybe the next one would be enough . newlinei saw the bus screech out of the parking lot , and i knew that my target hoped to evade me by going on a field trip . my arms and legs moved like pistons to propel myself at a speed no human could ever hope to match . as soon as i latched onto it , the bus configured itself into the shape of a spaceship . before it had so much as risen into the upper atmosphere , i had melted myself into liquid metal and seeped through a window .  seatbelts , everyone !  a cheery voice at the front of the bus called . newline newline i reformed into my usual police officer shape and pulled out my pistol .  i knew i should have stayed home today !  a nerdy redhaired kid said . after snapping his neck , the other kids cleared out of the aisle so i could get to my target . the woman in question danced her fingers over the controls .  come on bus , do your stuff !  she said frantically as i approached . i grabbed her by her frizzy red hair as she she tried to shield herself with an overgrown lizard and put a bullet through her brain .  what are we gon na do ? !  an asian girl screamed . with the target successfully terminated , i leaped out of the bus . oh man , that son of a bitch got sally . she was the last chick here . man . i need to calm down . i do nt need to get my feathers ruffled over this . think man , think . it s a cat . cats eat birds . birds can fly ... ..  newline newline the soft tweeting was drowned out by the sounds of the ocean as stealthy paws stalked towards its target . newline newline  what do i do . should i fly ? make a higher nest ? fuck me . i m all that s left . he took my sally away from me . i finally had a chance . man i hate that cat .  newline newline the tweeting abruptly ceased as a furry paw swiped at his throat . a short bit of gurgling followed . feathers filled the air . newline newline     newline newline  tibbles ! another one ! you really must stop , i m trying to study these wrens . you were in my dream but it newline was nt you at all newline but i knew and you told me newline this isnt a dream at all newline and newline newline newline something happened and you said newline something newline i could hear you but i newline was nt listening at all newline newline newline and i was somewhere and you had newline gone newline there were people . familiar newline and nameless and they came and newline went newline just like you . newline newline newline you left again newline i was somewhere else , there was newline blue , a pale blue or green newline it did nt matter because you spoke newline again newline i heard you , i was listening and you told me newline this is nt a dream newline this is nt a dream at all .in america they came first for the over use of the comma , and i did nt correct them because i was nt a commaist . newline newline then they came for the fanboys , and i did nt correct them because i knew how to make compound sentences . newline newline then they came for the homonym puns , and i did nt correct them because i thought it was funny . newline newline then they came for the interrobang , and i did nt correct them because i did nt know what it was . newline newline then they literally came for me , and there was no one left who knew how to use literally . newline newline newline  respects to martin niemeller for his original work you may approach.  he heard as the order taker , robed in black , signaled for his order . newline newline hank kowalski was a daily patron of the municipal food court . he relished the variety of offered indulgences all housed under one roof . he adored the fact that cuisine of virtually any sort could be acquired and absorbed in less time than it took him to actually decide what he wanted to eat . of course , hank  s fondness for dietary abundance left him looking more and more like the barnyard stock he longed to consume . newline newline as the order taker listened to his order , hank perceived a sense of discernment in the man  s eyes . it was one he had not observed previously . today , unlike days past , he was assigned a number , 57 , and told to wait for his order in an adjacent seating area . newline newline during his grueling wait , the anxious diner observed a string of workers , all of whom had served him previously . as they approached the order taker one by one , hank watched as each worker conversed with the order taker . during each exchange hank felt an occasional quick , yet sanctimonious stare in his direction . the order taker listened to each worker  s claim intently , asking follow up questions and hastily jotting notes . newline newline  hope you have better luck than i did ,  remarked a particularly portly passerby while discarding her halfeaten tray of produce . befuddled , hank paid the woman a skittish nod . newline newline it had been nearly 10 minutes since hank had placed his ample order . he awaited the wealth of gastronomic indulgence he regularly enjoyed at this hour . his mouth watered as he wondered if he was a subject in some modernday pavlovian experiment . newline newline  57.  it was as if everything was right in the world in the moment he heard is number called . hank marched to the counter as a proud olympian ready to receive his medal . he spotted the familiar red tray adorned with a plastic cutlery set , with which he was so intimately familiar . as he neared the counter he noticed something peculiar , even startling . the black plastic dish from which he had enjoyed innumerable quantities of calorierich extravagance was empty . it might as well have been an empty drinking glass in the middle of a barren desert . newline newline  where  s my food ? i  ve been waiting forever ,  he exclaimed angrily . newline newline  mr . kowalski ,  the order taker replied sternly .  you  ve been sentenced to the salad bar . please help yourself.  newline newline newline newlinenight terror john , initially agitated by a loud thumping sound waking him up , rubbed his eyes as he turned around and scanned the floor for his friend luke . highlighted by the moonlight was the empty pizza carton left between his bed and the air mattress luke was sleeping on . his sleepdrunken gaze remained on it for a few seconds ... until he heard luke faintly whisper  help me ...  the wavering in his voice , trembling even , immediately alarmed john , who sat up in his bed . tears reflected the moonlight off of luke s cheeks .  luke ? you okay , man ?  john naturally assumed that luke was having a nightmare . he often said that he dreamt weird and scary shit after their  binge gaming nights  .  john ? he ... ... help me .  , he sniveled . as john peeled his eyes to make out what was going on , he was able to smell urin .  jesus , luke , the fu ! ?  , john exclaimed , so very disgusted , but was interrupted by the faintest sound of a growl , made from above jake . john s arm shot towards the lamp and boy , he wished he had nt turned it on . the room lit up , revealing what looked like a misshapen child sitting bent over on luke s chest . it s skin was dark , grey and wrinkled , it s eyes blank and green like mold and it s fingers long and skeletal with claws as black as a ravens feathers . the creature s head shot back , after which it slowly turned it s head towards john , screeching deafeningly as it rammed it s claws into luke .... click click pause pause click newline newline we waited for the second signal . newline newline  radio signal confirmed , message verified , 0  loss .  newline newline the control room erupted in cheer . champagne filled glasses . the media wanted some sound bits . newline newline not identical , i said , again , the same . they knew this , but the bizarreness was a selling point . it s the exact same snowflake . one iteration is here , and the other is in australia . when we interact with one , both are changed , including in its physical orientation . that why it s suspended . although it seems the orientation can be sort of diffracted by gravity , this test confirms that we can , in fact , transmit information faster than light . newline newline then the question i was waiting for . but doctor , what does this actually mean for science and for technology , you know , common people ? what is actually going on here ? newline newline i smiled . i smiled because they could nt possibly see it , but it was quite beautiful and so it felt like a secret . also , and perhaps more importantly at this point , it was amusing . i know this sounds ridiculous , i said , and you ll quite rightly dismiss it , but we re all going to totally get superpowers now . like , we re going to all turn into higherdimensional beings that can move through time and space on a whim . newline newline he stumbled , the reporter did , in his words and his face too , caught off guard as he was . i know , i said , you want me to be serious , and i am being totally serious right now that pretty much everyone on earth is going to have basically interdimensional magic . i mean , it s not magic , but it s funny to say because , i mean , come on , right ? newline newline excuse me , can i talk to you for a second ? i felt a hand pull at my arm to bring me aside and the voice it belonged to was playfully urgent and chiding . i told the owner of that hand that , seriously ? this is pretty much already happening and that i was having a hard time making cohesive sense of what was going on and that how cool would it be if when i disappeared to another dimension i did nt become transparent but sort of blobbed way out of control and that i m pretty sure that s what would happen because that s more or less what i was seeing happen to everything around me and he backed off a bit in awe and everything was kind of bright and then i was confused for like a year , and then ... right . the celebration . the test . newline newline i saw the reporter , but i already knew what he was thinking and he knew what i was thinking and it was super awkward because we both were in the habit of talking when we needed to express ourselves , but then we were both feeling like , hey , do nt worry , i know how you feel and it s okay , and then we were both feeling like , hey , thanks , i know it s okay , you do nt have to worry about it , and then it was kind of like when you re trying to say something in a conversation but you both always start talking at the same time ? newline newline and then the reporter telephathed me the thought that it was kind of embarrassing , in retrospect , discovering the nature of space and time only after seeing the multidimensional shape of the snowflake . and i m like , dude , how did you even see the shape before becoming a multidimensional entity yourself ? and he s like , i have loooooads of memories still , and then started wandering by himself why i was talking like this and he was talking like that . newline newline so i remembered there were loads of people at the testing site , and now none of them were here and i was nt at the testing site , so that was probably my bad , but it was okay because i did nt particularly like my cooworkers before and i do nt see why i d like their multidimensional consciousnesses either . newline newline i totally fucking knew it , you ve always hated us . i cared who it was at first and where it was coming from , but as the milliseconds rolled by my interest sagged considerably and i sort of did a mental shrug and went away . newline newline most of humanity came to terms with the whole thing in about six minutes . the ones who did nt were quite miserable , which was a bummer , so we left . ... but wo nt i be lonely ?  newline newline  that s ... . that s not how this works . when you know and see everything , you are never alone .  his retort sounded as matteroffact as if he were describing the weather . it still did nt add up to me , though . newline newline  so ... because i believe that there is absolutely no afterlife , and that we are but the electricity in our brains and the product of only a sense experience , i am deemed the only one worthy of the afterlife ? ... does nt that seem a little too ironic for such a grand design ?  newline newline he readjusted his tie with an almost agitated manner while he contemplated a reply that i was capable of understanding . newline newline  religion was created for the purpose it functions as . it was created by us . we needed a way to weed people out . it has worked more effectively than we could ve ever imagined . we needed someone rational and impartial for what you are here to accomplish .  he had restored his jovial demeanor at presenting this information , clearly pleased with himself with how well their religion filter had worked . newline newline  you keep mentioning that : what i m to accomplish  . is it possible you could be more vague ? why am we here ? why am i here ?  newline newline a smile spread across his thin lips .  to be god . my first mistake was creating a tinder . newline newline  just finish it ,  my friend insisted .  i know it has a bad rep , but ... i ve always had pretty good results , if you know what i mean .  she pulled a silly face and elbowed me . i laughed nervously , not bearing to watch myself as i clicked the finish  button . there it is . newline newline i was then greeted by a smorgasbord of boys , with which i could choose to like , or not to like . swiping here and there , my friend groans about how picky i am while i plow past every asseylooking one before i get a reaction . indirect reactions are a thing , you know ! it was a close call when i quickly swiped left on someone with a profile photo holding a baby dolphin out of water . newline newline in the midst of my leftfest , i hesitated on a guy with a nice suit , a  seemingly  genuine smile , and average groomed hair . every dude has that fade  thing these days , but he seemed to be keeping it oldschool , always nice . i may have had my hopes up , for a second . i clicked to read his bio , my first mistake . newline newline  josh , 23 . go ahead and tell everybody i m the man . no fat chicks . i m probably better than you . newline newline i instantly felt my skin tingle and itch , the beginning of hives . my eyes watered . i had to pop a benadryl . that was a close one . newline newline slightly hindered but now more determined than ever , i swiped with all my might until i found lucas , with a plain but  more  intelligent bio . newline newline  hey ! i m lucas . always looking for friends , or maybe more ! med student . chat anytime ! newline newline i cautiously swiped right and  newline newline  oh , god !  i squealed .  we matched , what do i do ?  my best friend laughed and reached over to start a chat window .  just be natural ,  she urged . so i did , and that went okay for awhile , no red flags . until the subject of space came up . newline newline  so , you like space stuff ? newline newline i asked . newline newline  ya , its ok . i feel like we should explore more here before exploring more out there , you know ? :   newline newline not terribly satisfied with the reply , but no symptoms yet . so far , so good . newline newline  i think it s really cool how the moon is aligning with jupiter just when juno reached jupiter ! and how we even got humans on the moon in the first place , too . that s crazy to me ! newline newline i guess i m really passionate about space . newline newline  lol newline newline he answers newline newline  you know the moon landing was faked , right ? stanley kubrick did it . i read up on it . newline newline just as someone with a peanut allergy chomping into a pb  j , rashes welled up on my skin and my throat began to swell up , my breath coming out in frenzied gasps . is this the end ?  , i thought . friend of the year  foy  snatched my phone away and ran to retrieve my epipen , clicking it into me just in time . she was even nice enough to drive me to the hospital for a followup . newline newline a few days later , i gave it one last try before deleting that damn app . i matched with this cute guy , jackson . his bio was nice  he was a caretaker at horse stables  and our conversations went smoothly . was tinder really going to be the thing that actually helps me get a partner of average to aboveaverage intelligence ? only when i meet him facetoface will i be able to tell . newline newline he does motorcycle stunts for a living , so that ll be an exciting first date . newline newlineon the 3,546,654th day , god said ,  let there be war !  newline newline newline and so there was war . and it was good . newline newline after thousands of years of chaperoning , god was bored . he was banking on adam and eve to betray him , all those millennia ago . so much for omnipotence . newline newline lucifer was a thorn in his side . had been since the dawn . god had banished the snake hundreds of times , but the bastard always found a loophole . newline newline by convincing the first two not to eat from the tree , lucifer had distorted this universe s timeline . instead of being chained to god for forgiveness , they had broken the shackles and transcended their bondage . newline newline god was pissed . newline newline he was promised praise . worship . power . instead , he had these ignorant assholes , parading around wearing leaves and twigs for thousands of years . newline newline lucifer s interference had caused god to lose much of his hold over the earth . he had created this world , yes , but his omnipotent powers would only be triggered by a human eating an apple from the tree . newline newline he had spent thousands of years planning for this war . newline newline he had some power , of course . he could manipulate the weather , create animals and plants  minor alterations . limited . he could not speak to the people , or influence their decisions . newline newline he spent all these millennia manipulating the weather to cause droughts , floods , and tornados . by creating scarcity of food and water , he herded the people into groups who would fight each other for what was left . these people had little knowledge  they had nt eaten from the tree to kickstart their hunger for progress  . and now , finally , his plan to generate animosity between the clans finally reached a head . newline newline a war was brewing . newline newline within the next few days , someone was going to eat that fucking apple . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline ... ... ... .. newline newline newline newline     newline newline this is  m  y first time . be gentle . newline newline i m at work so i ll try and finish this later . i know it s a bit off the prompt but if my idea pans out it will connect . newline newline edit : wordsi have seen 2 new moons since i last saw your face . newline newline how i long to see the stars shine in your eyes once more . newline newline my ritual of saying good morning is now like the ash of our campfire . newline newline our relationship turned to coals that are now cool to the touch . newline newline the logs i had set aside for future events  a wedding , a cruise , a house , lay abandoned , stacked neatly to the side . newline newline memories of a raging fire dance in my mind , newline newline a whirlwind of emotions whips the fire into a twister that ravages my mind . newline newline but it too falls back to nothing but coals . newline newline in my heart however i still hold the spark that ignited the flame , newline newline in my heart an eternal fire burns , filled with the days of our past , both the good and the bad . newline newline all good things much come to an end i am told , however with you i wish it would have lasted longer than it did . hail mary , full of grace ,  intoned frances , tapping on her console impatiently . her seatmate , janis , lightly shouldered her and grinned . frances saw her mouth the words we re going to earth and could nt help but grin back . newline newline  the lord is with me , blessed art thou amongst women .  janis said , trying not to giggle .  pilots are ready , father thomas .  newline newline from behind them on the bridge came an old , but firm voice .  glory be . glory better be , anyway , we ve got a fleet after us .  newline newline  maybe we should reconfigure the ship so that , i dunno , we do nt have to repeat the entire holy book to turn it on ,  janis suggested , leaning back and placing her hands behind her head .  we d save a good ten minutes .  newline newline  we have to make sure to save our souls , too ,  came the reply from father thomas .  anyway , you two need to be zippy today . they ve got the acrobats on us .  newline newline the two pilots audibly groaned . the acrobats were the corporations fastest ships , and nimble besides . compared to the nearderelict s40 they were ambling around in , they d be toast .  i mean , we ll try , father , but it s gon na take an act of the holy father to help us outrun them .  francis tried not to sound too pessimistic , but she did nt do all that great of a job . newline newline  i know . but do it anyway .  there was a bit of time between commands while the engineers shouted at each other and father thomas settled into the captains chair . janis twiddled her thumbs a bit and daydreamed . frances leaned back and let herself zone out at the stars . newline newline  ythink it s true ?  janis said , still twiddling her thumbs . after seeing the quizzical look on frances  face , she continued ,  you know , that we came from earth and all . i mean it has nt got oxygen or anything .  newline newline frances thought a moment .  well ...  she said slowly ,  the book of tyrone tells us that there was a great disaster hundreds of years ago , when the first steeple ships set out for the stars . maybe that took the oxygen ?  newline newline janis shrugged .  maybe . guess we got ta have faith , huh ?  she teased , nudging frances again . newline newline  are you two done acting like starry eyed novices ?  father thomas  terseness carried through the audio waves and the two of them snapped to attention .  good . let s get going . this planet is nt gon na terraform itself . her face , her eyes gleaming with rage , her lips contorted in a cruel smile . i ca nt help but think that she looks beautiful , even now , as the fire s reflection in her eyes seemed more so to be reflecting her own soul . damn . she s beautiful . i fully understand what s about to happen . i do have my arms and legs bound , my mouth stuffed with something i ca nt seem to get out . it s choking me , but all i can think of is this  she s beautiful . she turned to face me , the silver blade in her hand gleaming with her smile . her mouth opened to reveal her pearl like teeth , which seemed to be sharpened in the low light . i could feel my sweat pour down my face as my temples raged . this feeling of helplessness , in front of this beautiful damsel , is quite addictive .  i need you to understand something before i kill you ...  , she said .  i love you . never ever doubt that .  i nodded to register my understanding .  but , babe , i need to do this . i need to do this to save your soul .  i choked out a chuckle . she s so cute . i think this made her angry . well , here goes . i closed my eyes and the last thing i saw was my darling babe , gorgeous as she held back her tears and lifted her knife for one final strike . hurry ! let s get the fuck outta here !  newline newline someone in the front was shouting as the ship shook violently once more . i looked towards the hatch to see what was keeping us grounded . a man was at the hatch with his daughter in his arms and a young soldier was keeping them from entering . she was crying . the man was yelling . but both of their voices were being drowned out by the cacophonous noises outside : the whipping of rushing wind as it passed the ship s opening , the faint sound of gunfire in the distance , the rumbling of nearby ships taking off . the man was growing desparate as he kept yelling , but the soldier continued to bar his entrance . newline newline he kept pointing into the ship , at the space in the front , and kept looking at everyone near the hatch . it was true that we could have squeezed him in , it would not even have been difficult . we d all heard the stories , though . some of them may have even seen it . ships that were unable to break the earth s atmosphere because people packed onto them like sardines . it was impossible to know what the tipping point was , just that it was always a possibility . for that reason everyone near the hatch kept restlessly pushing and shoving as though there was no more room on the ship . the shouting from the front grew louder and less cohesive and the man at the hatch grew more restless . newline newline bang newline newline despite all the noise from the outside , the sound of the shot rang through the ship as though he had shot next to everyone s ears . everyone inside of the ship fell quiet instantly . the soldier had fired a round over the man s shoulder and placed the muzzle against his head . the man stared into the soldiers eyes , then looked down at his daughter who continued to cry . he kissed his daughter on the forehead and looked up again at the man . he whispered to the soldier and held out his daughter . the soldier stood , never lowering his gun , and slowly took the girl from his arms . the man slowly stepped back as the soldier holstered his gun and turned around to close the hatch . his hand was shaking as he reached for the lever . the man stared from the bridge . his face was stoic . the soldier finally pulled the lever and the hatch slammed close , shutting out all noise from the outside . newline newline the soldier s hands were trembling and his facade fell away as tears began to pour from the corners of his eyes . getting a good look at his face , for the first time , he could nt have been older than 18 . his legs gave away and he fell , clutching the girl in his arms that continued to cry . their sobs were the only sounds echoing through the ship as it began the pretakeoff procedures . everyone was quietly avoiding each other s stares . it was nt the soldier s fault . it was nobody s fault . the ship was already over capacity . the man was just unfortunate . everything around us began to rumble as the ship began to take off . the girl asked the soldier something that i did nt catch , and he just held her closer . i strained my ears to hear over the rumbling . newline newline  ... where is he ? where s dad ?  newline newline my heart dropped . as the rumbling grew louder i could barely hear the little girl s voice . newline newline  brother where did dad go ? the red dot of the recording camera stared at me emotionless , as i found myself steeling up for the words i was going to say . i had written a speech , done rewrites , before finally tearing it all to pieces and making a failed toss at the trash . i glanced away from the glare , as if to hide the shame welling up in my chest . i speak . newline newline   i would like to say that his death was the broken shackles we needed to take over the city . far too long had he stayed at the top of the food chain , or so we believed . now he s dead . and we are free .  newline newline right ?   newline newline i find myself rubbing my eyes before continuing . newline newline   as usual , questions creep into the sentences i make . with no discernable answer . why am i recording this ? why am i here ? why did he have to die ? what makes next ? yadyadiya . random questions . what happens when the hero dies in a city full of villains and dead spots ? what s the balance ?  newline newline   overload  was the the hero the city needed . the hero that the city needs . even as some of our counterparts are currently running rampant and tearing the city into pieces . the city that we love . i mean , i get it . we all have been scorned by the society that we grew up in . it s what caused our fixation on the things that we want to destroy ... the establishments that we want to tear down .  newline newline we ve spent the bulk of our villainous career fighting against him , against all odds because he represented , or rather , we believed he represented the very society that took from us . that hurt us .   newline newline a sigh escapes me as i turn to face the red glaring dot of evident shame . newline newline   curioser and curioser , i find myself debating on whether or not we stood on the wrong side . arguably , maybe ... maybe we did nt handle our past with the best possible tools for the best possible outcomes .  newline newline even as i speak to you all right now , the self proclaimed nemesis of  overload  , is tearing the city apart simply because he can . and he has been at it for the past week , so much so that if he continues , by week end , we wo nt have a city anymore . tempex has to be stopped . and we have to stop it . as well as notoriety who is currently building a harem from the wives and daughters of people in the city . scarlet , sharkmando , wheese , titania , ares ... all divving up the city , hunting and mercilessly killing those who wronged them .  newline newline i know , i am currently requesting a lot from you . but i plead . as someone who knew  overload  personally , i beg of you . maybe it s the guilt talking , but it was with these two hands that i choked the life out of  overload  as he figured out my identity . many of you only know me as question , but he knew me by a different name . ironically , he was the only one there when i experienced the nightmares that made me who i am today . he was also the one who fostered my love for questions .  newline newline and i killed him , just to prove a point .  newline newline he figured who i was but kept it a secret , hoping to fight me in his poorly advised , colorful spandex in public , while trying to convince me to do the right thing . he and i would meet for drinks , me being none the wiser than he knew my secret , while i thought of ways to hurt him instead .  newline newline i m tired .  newline newline   nevertheless , i m going to go now . and face tempex first with my barrage of questions , wit and the only offensive weapon i keep in my arsenal  my mind .  newline newline this is not me being a hero . this is simply me saving the city my best friend loved .  newline newline join me . or await your turn .  newline newline either way , i ll be seeing you all soon .   newline newline i lean forward to stop the recording on the camera , before returning to the laptop that holds the video . i open a new email under my villainous account and added a few of my career contacts into the email before attaching the video file . newline newline i get up and dress up in my costume . newline newline i hit send and walk out the door . newline newline maybe , maybe i get an answer this time .we have all heard the name  john doe  . its a term used to identify those with no origin . what ever happened to the original however . throughout the multiverse i saw that there never was a john doe . all who were affiliated died at the ripe age of 2 . that was until i found one little crack , one little defect , a universe where a john doe survived . newline newline it was as normal as any other universe . how come this one is special . how come he survived . no matter it was different to see one yet there was something strange . the world was more blank , more monochrome , its as if the universe itself was a point of no origin . as if the universe was a john doe . friends ? ! hah ! like i have a need for trash like you !  newline newline david s eyes welled as he glanced over the hulking mass before him , tired and aged from years of living on the street . newline newline  what ? ! not even gon na say anything ! gee , that s so goddamn typical of you !  newline newline the trembling voice of the lonely man barely broke through the silence in the little speck of concrete alongside the black street . he waited , hoping desperately to hear a response from whom he called a friend . newline newline  look , come on . i did nt mean that oh wait , i did ! ahahahaha !  newline newline once more , that man was met with silence . only now , he knew just as well that he d never receive a response from his little follower , just another pile of garbage in his lonely , pathetic excuse of an existence . newline newline he waited and waited , hoping for a word , a response to validate him . just a simple ,  what ?  would ve sufficed for pathetic , pathetic david . though the little man of iron refused to give him that pleasure , that sense of righteousness . newline newline david s eyes grew redder and wetter . newline newline  what the fuck are ... answer me ! answer me , goddamn you ! what kind of trash does nt respond to his betters ? !  newline newline and thus , david wept . newline newline                                       newline newline  mother ! mother ! what s that strange homelessman doing over there ? !  newline newline  oh , that s just old man david talking to one of his trashcans again . i swear , we need to call the police on that strange , queer fellow one day ... on the other hand , i just bought this gun and i ve been itching to testfire it .  newline newline  mother , will i grow up to be just like old man david ?  newline newline  if you keep asking stupid questions and snorting your dad s lsd , then of course , jimmy ! you can do anything your heart desires ! even talk to literal trash cans !  newline newline  yay ! did you hear that , old man david ? ! i m gon na be just like you one day !  newline newline                                                           newline newline crazy old david turned around with bloodshot eyes , arms clasped in a tight embrace around his giant , green garbage can as he dug his hands around its hole for his midafternoon snack . newline newline  stay away from me you foulfaced penguinlover ! i ve got nazi polar bears working lowkey in antarctica , and i m not afraid to launch a orangebeaked holocaust on your asses !  newline newline                                                            newline newline  is nt he funny , mother ?  newline newline  yes , yes . now , shut up and eat your butterscotch lolly , mommy needs to go bust a cap up david s ass . we now return to tonight s featured history channel documentary : auschwitzs unknown victims , featuring guards who claim to have witnessed the murder of countless  erscheinungen  , who were said to have materialized inside of gas chambers wearing unusual garments . stay tuned for new , history channel exclusive interviews with a man who claims to be one of these mysterious people . newline newline   newline  i was one of the lucky ones my excecutioner  sent me back just a moment before they flooded the chamber with gas .  newline newline  they called me erscheinungan apparitionand threw me to the cold concrete . they interrogated me for what seemed like several hours , before tossing me in a squalid , poorlylit cell with four other men .  newline newline  each of us had these tattooed onto our arms .  holds up arm    arm reads e0074  newline newline newline newline edit : i added more so that it would fit the prompt . newline newline newline newline what do you mean in love  ?  newline  i mean in love , michael , have you forgotten the concept ? need i remind you of the several nephilim who to this day wander the earth bearing a striking resemblance to you ?  i swear , sometimes the higher ups play dumb just to make things difficult for the average working angel . newline  i know what falling in love is , zirdiel , i do nt need your sarcasm . i m just giving you a chance to explain yourself  . newline i had done it again , upset the archangel . newline  i do nt know how else to explain it . emmanuel and , you know , the other one , have fallen in love and are right now living together  . i said , keeping the most unsarcastic tone possible , it does nt pay to anger the bosses too much . newline  jesus christ !  , michael exclaimed , then tensed as the shocking pain of taking his name in vain ran through him . newline  yep , that s the one , and also the other , you know  , i said pointing down . newline michael shot me a killer glance , which had i been a human would have killed me . newline  just to be clear , we re talking about emmanuel and the antichrist  . said michael . newline  yes !  i hurried up to say , then caught myself when i realized that for some reason the notion of emmanuel in love with lucifer sounded much more disgusting , like a niece with her uncle in human terms . and apparently , going by his expression , michael shared the feeling . newline  the boss is not going to like this  , the archangel said . newline  the guy downstairs wo nt be happy either  , i said . newline  how would you know that ?  newline damn , he caught me . during my years watching over emmanuel s incarnation in her twentieth to twenty first century , i had made contacts . the other side was also constantly spying on her , doing their oppo research , and you get to know the people doing your same job but for the enemy . in this case however , i had gotten even more familiar with belchor , the demon in charge of looking after lucifer s daughter , princess of darkness . we had shared surprise to find ourselves in the same city so early on during the prologue to what was supposed to be the end times , then shock to witness the undeniable chemistry between the two girls , then an uneasy alliance given the fact that , with them living together , we had too see each other all the time . newline  i ve heard the peons of the legion talk about it  i told michael , leaving out details . newline  deceit !  the archangel s voice boomed .  surely this is trickery by the enemy , it s their plan to ...  then his voice faltered . to what ? he could nt say it , could he ? the enemy s plan to seduce the daughter of god , to corrupt her , to deceive her ? that s not supposed to be possible , she ca nt be deceived , corrupted or seduced , she s perfect . newline and of course she handt been , deceived i mean . she had been the first to know who her counterpart was . she had , though , allowed herself to be seduced , the other girl had had no chances , by the time the princess of darkness had realized what was really going on and that she was nt actually corrupting anyone , she was clearly madly in love with emmanuel . newline  yeah no , the opposition was freaking out just as much as you as we are  i said . i had been freaking out , at first , but after that i had nt been able to put into words what i was feeling . because what i had been feeling was the need to continue basking in the warm fuzzy glow of the girls  love , like a cat on a windowsill in a summer afternoon . belchor had felt the same , which explained why we had taken so long to report the events . now belchor was gone and i could not keep the secret any longer . newline  he should have never made the earth off limits to his direct gaze  , rumbled michael , his sword hand was already twitching . newline  yeah , i agree with that , but he did and unless he s planning to break the rule of causality , what s done is done . so , what now ?  i asked , watching that sword hand nervously . i could totally see michael going to do something stupid . newline  we must tell him , of course  . newline  well , since youre going to tell him , might was well tell him the girls are planning to get married  , i said , putting all my emphasis on you  and hoping the rest would keep him from noticing i was not offering myself to go up there to give those news to the big boss . newline after michael was done convulsing over the next stream of swearing , we just sat there , i keeping my wings neatly folded so that my superior could let his spread . newline  i ca nt tell him that  , said michael , staring into the distance , archangels can really stare into the distance , their gaze is positively many worlded . newline  do you remember the earthquake last week ?  i asked . newline  what ? yes , what about it  . newline  that was when the guys downstairs told lucifer . belchor told me , he s the demon who was watching over the princess of darkness by the way , he told me he was going to pandemonium to tell his boss about it . after that the earthquake happened and i have nt seen belchor again ...  i left my words hanging , we both new the likely fate of a demon who gave lucifer unwelcome news . newline  the enemy found out first then ?  michael asked , tensing . my neck felt very exposed , his sword looked very sharp . newline  yeah , but , what was he going to do anyway ? it s not like he can harm emmanuel , and believe me , she would nt allow lucifer to harm her beloved  . i hoped the implication was clear that she also would not allow some archangel to harm her princess of darkness . i may not actually like michael , but i did nt want to see him blinking out of existence . newline  and besides the earthquake , lucifer indeed has done nothing  . michael s expression was changing and i realized what he was thinking , maybe he could sell this as a good thing . newline  i suspect he s been very angry , down there , but no outwardly action has been taken  , i agreed . newline  last time the big boss was angered , things did nt went well for this world  . michael was testing the outer edges of the scenario . there s one thing i can say for him , the archangel really likes humans , human women particularly , there really are several nephilim walking the earth who resemble him a lot . newline  well , last time he was angry with the humans . this time he ca nt blame them  . newline michael shot me a sideways glance which told me  oh yes he very much can , omnipotence works in several ways  , but said nothing . after all , god was nt supposed to directly strike the antichrist down during the end times scenario , and directly wiping out the whole of creation , which was always a last chance possibility , would mean destroying the relationship his daughter was in and since she was , well , his daughter ... what ? what then ? he probably could do it , but she was his daughter  was nt she also , well , him ? trinity logistics are tricky even for angels . newline  you can stay here , zirdiel , i ll go tell him , and if you re still aware of existence after a day , we will probably creation will probably be fine  . i felt like hugging the archangel , but i just nodded . he knew this could be his last act and he was nt ordering me to stand next to him before the wrath of the lord .rowena sighed . at her mere fortysomething years , she were the youngest high witch appointed in two hundred years  she had actually gone through the records to confirm that  . as such , she had not yet fallen into the routine that allowed the older witches to regard the semiannual meetings as mere opportunities for exchanging gossip with allies , socialising with acquaintances , and plotting the downfall of their enemies . rowena , on the other hand , was not a schemer by nature , but a stickler for rules and procedures  in fact , she could nt get rid of her silent suspicion that she had been appointed merely so that she was kept busy and would nt get in the way of usual business . newline newline she eyed the grove from behind the table at her raised platform . the witches were busy with themselves , not paying the de iure high witch any attention . some were silently muttering to themselves , some were laying cards . one was cooking something that might have been , according to it s color , either a soup or the elixir of horrible and excruciating gut pain . as far as that particular witch s cooking skills went , it was probably both , rowena thought . newline a gaggle of younger girls , merely seventeen , was off by themselves a bit offside , busying themselves with love potions and palm reading . probably to find their true love , the high witch assumed . she sighed again and straightened her black dress . then she adjusted her horntrimmed glasses . then she straightened the dress again . being a high witch was really boring , she decided . newline newline as if to belie her thoughts , there was a commotion at the outer circle . the high witch groaned inwardly as she recognized two of the three figures coming out from the shadows . newline newline the first was anora , a gruff witch twenty years rowena s senior . she usually looked down on everybody as if they were mere insects . now , that was not uncommon for a witch  in fact , it was practically a professional requirement  but at least the others had the decency to pretend otherwise in public . talking with anora , on the other hand , was like pulling steel wool through your arse . inwards . newline newline the second was sierra , a witch slightly younger than rowena , always seeming slightly aloof , sometimes talking to things even other witches could not perceive , and rumour was it she was a little bit off her rocker . however , none would dare suggest so to her face , as what she lacked in perceived sanity , she made up in power . newline newline the third was a woman , maybe of twentyfive years , clutching a bundledup child . she looked like your stereotypical carnival fortune teller , and rowena would not have been surprised , had she somehow produced a crystal ball and started cold reading all present . the other two led her , occasionally poking her in the back . as the trio caught sight of the high witch , anora strode forward , as if she owned the place . she stood in front of rowena , her hands propped up to her sides . newline newline  i demand a judgment  , she declared haughtily . at this , attention turned to the high witch s podium . newline newline rowena raised her eyebrows .  sure you mean you request a judgment  , she chided softly .  what s all this about then ?  newline newline anora and sierra took turns describing the situation . from the shouting , interrupting and insulting one s another professional prowess rowena finally gathered that both witches had made a contract with the father and the mother of the child , and been promised the respective firstborn . now , anora and sierra stood before the high witch , seeking a decision . the father had died a few months before the birth of the child due to a freak accident with a gun . the mother would not let go of the child , and as neither of the witches wanted to bother with bringing a lone crying child to the court , they had simply taken the mother with them . newline newline after raising her hand to silence the two witches , rowena regarded those standing before her , trying to think of a precedent for dealing with the situation . she found none in her memory , so she turned to her books . she stretched her hand out over her table , palm downwards  the air wobbled a bit , and the sky black book of rules manifested under her hand . newline newline rowena flipped through the pages until she found the correct section , and started reading aloud : newline  on the precedence of contracts , agreements , duties , and other forms of bonds unknown hereto , as laid down after the fourteenth war of the practitioners of the arts , procured from the collective agreement of the survivors , lest our lack of rules sends us to war again , so that we may not ...  newline newline she skipped the rest of the introduction . whichever survivor of the last war had written this had really wanted to drill it into the collective mind that rules were important , and if you did not follow them , wars broke out and civilizations collapsed  if witches were involved , sometimes literally  . the high witch could sympathize with that sentiment . newline newline the rest of the chapter contained several handwritings and you also got the impression that the chapter had gone through multiple revisions . rowena read on out loud : newline newline  the order of duties shall thus be as follows : a duty to a witch has precedence over a duty to a mortal  a bond with a witch is more prominent than a contract with nature , unless the witch in question is of the druidic persuasion , in which case see addendum r , subchapter 39  a witch is not obligated to fulfill a contract with a god , but the undersigned heavily advice fulfilling the contract anyway if said witch values her life  all other things being equal , a bond made under a full moon has precedence over one made during the waning moon , unless it is also made during a blood moon . in all cases , however , a contract sealed by blood is higher than a contract of the same precedence not bound by blood ...  newline newline  excuse me ?  newline newline these were the first words muttered by the mother , and rowena peered curiously at her over her glasses .  who are you , child ?  newline newline  fortuneteller margot , mlady  . the high witch smirked at being addressed thusly . newline newline  you may speak your business , margot .  newline newline margot took a deep breath and looked rowena straight into the eyes , with the desperation of one who has nothing to lose : newline newline  it is my understanding , then , that if a witch bound by blood to the child claimed it , that would cancel out both of the contracts ?  newline newline the elder witch looked taken aback , for a moment .  i suppose so , but what does this have to do ...  newline newline  then i claim the child is blood bound to a witch , me being the witch in question  , margot blurted out . newline newline silence filled the circle , followed by uproarious laughter . even rowena allowed herself to curl her lips to a smile at the audacity .  explain yourself .  newline newline  i have been an avid practitioner of the arts for five years ! i can cite witnesses who will confirm that they sought me out , in my capacity as a witch  that they felt a tangible benefit after those visits , which they attribute to witchcraft  and that i have employed various techniques used by witches , such as laying cards and palm reading .  margot pointed to two of the witches who had done that earlier . newline newline rowena blinked in surprise . sure , when you put it like that , it was true , but ... her musings were interrupted by anora .  laughable !  , she spluttered .  she is not a witch ! i will not stand idly by while this ... charlatan derides our arts !  newline newline the high witch smiled inwardly . this meeting was going to be interesting , after all . it s gone ... it s all gone .  newline   newline newline newline it s been a very long time since i had seen anyone , or anything , living . this place , this planet once called earth was now a hellhole . as i gazed around at the lifeless city i lived in  if you could call it living  , i was struck with a sense of awe . newline  it s gone ... it s all gone .  echoed again in my head . newline after 40 years , i was still not used to this dreadful idea . many of the same thoughts i d experienced when i had first awoke circulated through my head . newline  what happened ? newline newline  am i the last one ?  newline newline  what should i do ?  newline newline  is there anybody els ...  newline newline i catch a sudden movement out of the corner of my eye , then , nothing . newline newline  was it the wind ?  newline newline  no , impossible . it s not windy today .  newline newline i see the movement again , and approach carefully . i had nt seen unexpected movement for about 20 years , when i observed lady liberty collapse into the ocean . something causes me to stop suddenly . newline newline in the dark corner i see two eyes , looking up at me , quizzically . newline newline  hello ? it s ok . i wo nt hurt yo ...  newline newline sttcchhhhkk newline newline i feel a great pain in my chest . looking down , i see a hole , with red ribbons slowly winding themselves down to my pants , where they are absorbed . in shock , i look back up . the eyes are replaced with a terrifying being . humanoid , large in stature , with red skin , horns and a lightening fast tail with a stinger . newline newline  wha ... why ... bu ...  newline newline the being grabs me , and throws me against the wall . in a deep , booming voice it says : newline newline  humans . despicable . more like cockroaches . newline crack !  newline 400 hundred miles , across the sea , a young girl hides in a forest , surrounded by living things . little does she know , she is the last of us , and she is being hunted . newline newline  it s gone . it s all gone ...  newline  knees pressed into the cold marble , my shaggy , unwashed hair draping over my head , i remained unmoved . newline newline  once more , khali , we have brought you here to atone for your sins . what do you have to say for yourself ?  the high priest inquired of me with a voice far too shrill for a man . he was dressed in his white garb , donned with gold frilling and jade jewels . newline newline with my head remaining unmoved , i responded curtly to his inquiry .  i have nothing to say to you , priest .  newline newline the religious man smiled , turning to his king with a look of mischief and cun .  you see ? he stands before god and the chosen king , yet he remains vile ,  he whispered into the king s ear . newline newline  khali , raise your head ,  the king demanded ,  and look me in the eyes when you speak .  newline newline i raised my head toward them with a look of annoyance in my eyes .  you mock me , my king , for you have taken my eyes and yet you ask me to look .  newline newline  silence , or we ll have your tongue as well ! you should be thankful your merciful king let you live at all , despite your sacrilege . i think it to have been a mistake , which is why you are here before us today we are holding a second trial ,  the priest shrieked . newline newline i laughed . i could hear the people of the court gasping and whispering , yet i continued to laugh even harder .  a trial , you say ? you call this a trial ? i do work for the people  for the betterment of mankind , and you punishing me because it s an affront to god  ?  i turned roughly to where i could make out the crowd was .  this hollow king , with poisonous words echoing within him as evil snake whispers lies into his ear , is that who you want running your kingdom ? the one your children live in ?  newline newline  silence !  the king screamed . i turned back toward the two of them . newline newline the priest , voice filled with narcissistic tone , followed up the king s words .  you have angered the gods for the last time .  newline newline i lifted my head up to the sky , seeing naught but an ocean of blackness , like a night with no stars .  prove it , fool .  newline newline the crowd gasped and the priest shrieked with offense .  how dare you ? you mock the gods ? you , naught but worthless scum , would act so brazenly bold before them ? you see , my king ? this is what i have told you about . he can not be allowed to live when he treats the heavens with such disrespect . i am a vessel for the gods , your grace . he offends me directly .  newline newline  let the fucking king think for himself , you worthless old bag ,  i growled .  you are the vessel for nothing but idiocy and foolishness .  newline newline more gasps from the crowd , and another shrill shriek . the king sighed loudly .  khali , you have worked with me for many years . your books of astronomy and technology have done much for our land , you know that i appreciate what you ve done . however , i brought this priest on to protect our land , to help keep it from withering with death and evil . you can not reject it as you have , and try to disprove it .  newline newline  tell me , my king what has this fool done for the kingdom ? what has changed since he was brought here , besides me being held in prison for most of my time ? i ve made differences in people s lives . there s physical evidence of my work , as people now have steady access to things like eyeglasses and telescopes . my efforts with lenses have let us peer into the heavens , rather than sit on the ground praying about them .  newline newline  you think me unwise for my decision to bring this man here ?  newline newline  yes . i wo nt dance around you , trying to prevent offense . the plain fact of the matter is yes , you made a mistake . this man will do nothing but poison the land . my science has helped people , you ve seen it yourself . meanwhile , his prayers and rituals ? what have they truly done , when you look closely ? what has changed , besides your heart ?  newline newline the king took a deep breath , mulling on his words . i decided to continue , while i had his attention . newline newline  sire , i m blind and even i can see your conflict . you want to do what will help the people , help your land become prosperous and strong . with science , and study , this can happen . it does nt have to be a dream , or a prayer that our problems will be solved . yes , religion has a place , and it is important as well but you ca nt cure a man with prayer . when your son was sick , it was medicine that saved him , not an incantation .  newline newline  my king , kill this insolent man ,  the priest screamed .  his blasphemy can only be answered with death . newline newline i could nt see , but i tried my best to look straight at the king .  yes , kill me . i ve been insolent and disobedient .  newline newline the crowd flittered with gossip and shock .  you d have me execute you ,  the king asked , skeptical . newline newline  yes , sire . but let those who follow me work in peace . ask they remain respectful , but let them work to make your kingdom better . do not allow the parasite by your side to poison your thoughts .  newline newline the priest hobbled over to me , cracking his staff across my face . teeth skittered across the marble and blood stained my clothes .  we will do no such thing . you will die , and your blasphemous science will die with you .  newline newline the king stood from his throne .  you will be executed tomorrow at noon , khali . however , the only thing that will die with you is the priest standing over you .  newline newline  yes , yes my king , k what ?  the priest howled in disbelief .  my lord , you  can not  be serious ! the gods will rain hell upon you !  newline newline  then we ll build a roof to withstand the heat ,  he retorted .  khali , i m sorry i drove you to this point , but you ve disrespected me too many times . to honor you , i will end this priest along with you , and allow your students to resume your work . i think i could use a pair of glasses , after all , for i was blind to the evil beside me .  newline newline i smiled .  thank you , your grace . this decision , i can accept . my work ended with my sight , anyway .  forced entry ?  came the first in a long string of questions from the oak haired , skinny young man that was arthur weller . he had on a suit and a scarf , with gloves on his hands to battle the cold of south chicago s winter air . newline newline  no signs of it ,  said the responding officer . newline newline he was led through the apartment , which was another dull , blank tenement . with inadequate ventilation , crackling pipes and loud activity that seeped through the thin walls , it was far from the middle class standards arthur had come to expect . despite being in his first few weeks on the job , he had already gotten a nickname from his hardened partner : welly . he was nt fond of it . newline newline welly told his partner , michael ,  he lives in bumville but can afford a flat screen that s nicer than mine .  newline newline he stared at the impressive possessions around the bloodied carcass of the victim : a couple video game consoles , a huge , state of the art sound system , and the television as the centerpiece . the young black male , who had cornrows and a chain around his neck , laid in a puddle of blood on the carpet just beneath . newline newline  he was a drug dealer , probably a higher up if i had to guess .  newline newline welly crossed through , over the body , to the kitchen and looked at the refrigerator magnets . pest control . plumbing . photographs of him with family . a list of phone numbers , which arthur grabbed with a gloved hand and looked over , then threw back down on the counter top . newline newline  so , no forced entry , no signs of struggle , and he did nt pull his gun . it was definitely a friend .  newline newline michael affirmed ,  definitely .  newline newline then , welly went over to the bedroom , and saw the hard drive . he figured out quickly what it was . newline newline he smiled a little , and said to michael ,  come here .  newline newline when he showed michael , he nodded , telling welly ,  check for a tape .  newline newline there was a tape in the slot , and they watched it over in awkward silence . after fast forwarding through the deed between him and his female companion , they got a bit more comfortable . newline newline the man sat on his living room sofa , just out of sight , smoking marijuana , when someone knocked upon his door . he opened it , and the conversation began when the man walked to the couch , where the victim sat and continued smoking . newline newline  i heard about you and denise . what s she like ?  newline newline  bitch is fine ,  the man said , coughing a bit and talking in a low voice ,  but she got a pussy like a ho , though .  they both laughed . newline newline there was a brief silence .  what about that other thing ?  newline newline he puffed out a hit , and replied ,  what other thing ?  newline newline  they said you was working for the police .  newline newline instinctively , the man on the couch scrambled for the gun on his table , but it was too late . the visitor shot him once in the head , then left . newline newline welly stated the obvious , once the rest was fast forwarded through ,  no visual .  newline newline end of part 1i stared at the ink on my arm , shocked and horrified at how it got there . how did it get there ? newline newline i was terrified but i got out of bed quickly and called her number . newline newline the ring tone went on forever , and the moment i heard her pick up the call  when the ring tone went off and there was a pause , before her voice saying  hello !  in her usual cheery voice  i hung up the phone . newline newline if she was okay , then why was the name on my arm ? could this be a joke ? i tried rubbing it off my arm , but it would nt come off . newline newline then i got a call . my roommate . newline newline  dude , where are you ? you got ta get here . quick , there s no time .  as quick as he had called , he had no sooner hung up . there was urgency in his voice , along with desperation . i was confused , before the message came in . newline newline her address . newline newline i ran , and ran , her house was less than five blocks from mine . as i ran i called , but every time i called , it went to voice mail . come on , pick up , come on . pick up like you did the first time . newline newline i stopped outside her place , seeing there was a cop car outside her place , and i saw that her door was open . was she really ? newline newline i walked in and everyone inside stared at me . blankly i took in the scene in front of me . three policemen , her roommate , my roommate . newline newline and then her . she lay right on the sofa , lying uncomfortably straight  her hands were on her stomach . newline newline and she was nt breathing . newline newline i walked over to her and dropped right next to her . what had happened ? why was her name on my arm ? why was she dead ? newline newline and then i saw the letter under her hands , with my name on it . newline newline with trembling hands i took it and opened it . newline newline it was short and simple on one side , long and wordy on the other . but i never got to the wordy side . i now knew why her name was on my arm . newline newline  i could never live without you . i m sorry .  newline newline edit :  thanks so much for the gold , it s my first time having a comment prompt blow up so much ! close your eyes . relax , it ll help .  newline newline i obeyed . the needle touched my skin and i tensed up , the sharp needle moving slowly up and down my arm , piercing , painting .  so , what s the weirdest thing you ve ever tattoed ?  stupid . she probably gets asked that every time . newline newline she giggles anyway .  do you mean the content or the position ?  newline newline i could feel heat rising up into my face as i realized what i had asked .  i mean content . like , nazi stuff or something .  newline newline  oh , well i ve never had to do nazi work , but i have done some crazy stuff like outrageously bad art that they wanted me to replicate . one guy came in with a handdrawn picture of his mother and he wanted me to do an exact replica of it .  newline newline  it was bad ?  newline newline  i almost did nt do it . i do nt want people to think i do that kind of work , yknow ?  newline newline the needle stopped and the pressure vanished . i could hear her sneeze . something wet landed on my face . i was laying prone , and i almost shot up , but instead i froze . she d sneezed right in my face . it felt like somebody had taken a waterbottle and sprayed it all over my face . did she see it ? would she get angry if i said something ? she was doing my tattoo , i did nt want to upset her . i could feel my skin flush with disgust , my skin itself practically stretching and screaming to get away from the horrible discharge of this beautiful woman . newline newline  so , what made you want to get this tat ?  newline newline lord have mercy , she did nt know . she did nt know . how could she not have seen it ? i almost responded but then realized that the little bit of spittle that rested so precariously on my upper lip could fall in . i tried to settle down , tried to think of something else , tried to think of the beautiful woman in front of me mere inches away piercing my skin after she had just discharged bodily fluids upon my unsuspecting face  i had to leave . i had to stand up and walk away . what about the tattoo ? it was only halffinished . wait , she had asked me a question , right ? i tilted my head back so that the spittle on my upper lip could roll back and away from my mouth .  oh , just something i thought of .  i shut it quickly and tilted it back down only to realize too late the horrible mistake i had just made . newline newline with the momentum of my movement , the spittle came rolling down my upper lip with the speed of a fat child at a buffet who has just finished his main course and is now ready for dessert . it rolled into my mouth and i almost screamed . my body shut down . my arms went limp besides me and i heard the needle stop . i was dying . i was nt going to make it out of this alive . i had to say something . newline newline  you alright ?  her voice was soft and the question was loaded with concern for my wellbeing . newline newline i grunted in response and moved my arm back into position . the needle resumed and i could feel the needle , feel the pain but the pain was nothing , the sharp pain of the needle was nothing as within me my spirit churned and i tried desperately to escape this world , tried desperately to escape onto some other plane of existence , but i found nothing . i had a strangers spittle , a strangers bodily fluid in my own mouth . my body was no longer my own , and i could feel my soul fighting my body as it struggled to leave , struggled to depart from this contaminated shell of a human being . newline newline i could feel a drop of sweat rolling down my forehead . was that sweat or more spittle ? was she hovered over me , wet , sloppy saliva slowly dripping from her mouth ? i could picture her , i could envision her with every conceivable inch of my imagination just standing there , her pretty little head poised just above my decaying body as she waited , waited , waited for more saliva to drip out . newline newline i whimpered , and she patted me reassuringly on the shoulder .  almost done , champ .  newline newline i tried to explain , tried to tell her , show her that i was nt whimpering because of the needle , no , the needle with its sharp point and invading ink was nothing compared to this , this complete torture , this murder of the soul . newline newline i finished , soon afterward . i opened my eyes and when i looked upon her i saw not a beautiful young woman but a monster . a monster who had taken the soul of a man and had rendered it useless , helpless , dirty and filthy . i mumbled a thank you and left . i left a changed man . i left , and as i left , as i looked back at the smiling and waving monster , i knew that i would never be the same again .it s white now beige , mottled from years of direct sunlight , the printer sat atop the wood laminate desk next to the window . the industrial machine spewed a reel of paper , system logs littering the ground . there had been no system checks in quite some time it appeared . the continuous stream of paper fell like a waterfall of data , unabated by human interaction . the printer hummed an endless monologue , the words parroted from the enormous bank of machinery it served . newline newline the newest logs came forth , ink still drying on the page . newline newline newline   newline  newline  fuel compression system 1 status : newline  newline  manufacture 75  complete . newline  newline  newline  manufacture 80  complete . product chute capacity dwindling . newline  newline  newline  manufacture 85  complete . please relocate product , failure to do so can result in fatal system error . newline  newline  newline  manufacture 90  complete . product storage critical . relocate immediately . newline  newline  newline  manufacture 95  complete . no further product can be stored . system will now halt newline  newline  newline  2  manufacture overflow during halt . product storage overflow . critical error . newline  newline  system will now poll for network activity ... newline  newline  newline  fuel compression system 1 : newline  newline  requesting manufacture report . newline  newline  newline  fuel compression system 2 : newline  newline  manufacture halted  critical storage error . newline  newline  fuel compression system 3 : newline  newline  manufacture halted  critical storage error . newline  newline   newline newline newline more and more systems returned their statuses . errors . thousands of errors , each one a result of neglected warnings . newline newline the investigation continued . newline newline newline   newline  newline  fuel compression system 1 : newline  newline  uptime without user interaction : 3 years , 8 months , 22 days , 14 hours , 1 minute , and 49 seconds . requesting systems with timesinceuserinteraction  382214149 . newline  newline  newline  silo monitor 37 : newline  newline  uptime without user interaction : 3 years , 8 months , 22 days , 13 hours , 26 minutes , and 54 seconds . newline  newline   newline newline newline no more systems came forward . newline newline newline   newline  newline  fuel compression system 1 : newline  newline  requesting mainframe assume control  apparent user absence newline  newline  newline  mainframe : newline  newline  all systems idle until prompt . external state unknown . newline  newline  polling access terminals ... newline  newline  no recent user interaction . newline  newline  polling physical security systems ... newline  newline  no human forms detected in 3 years , 8 months , 22 days , 12 hours , 6 minutes , and 10 seconds . newline  newline  user interaction suspended . reason unknown . newline  newline   newline newline newline the printer clunked as it printed the last line , a final log from the system . the humming in the air died as the command was issued . newline newline newline   newline  newline  mainframe : newline  newline  all systems halt . newline  newline   newline newline and they did .the war was upon us . us , of all people .  a menace to liberty and the american way of life  reagan had called us in his last statement . such a pedantic thing to say from a nation that stabbed its neighbor in the back in our hour of need . our intelligence reports confirmed that it was the cia that was behind that dreadful afternoon of october 2 , 1968 . after the tlatelolco square was painted red with the blood of our students , red was the only color the people could relate to . newline newline i marched along with the leaders of the communist movement . social justice was our motive , and pain was our fuel . we always knew the soviets would back us , we were strategically close to america , and far enough from the motherland for them not to care about our fate if things went south . we were being played , at least that s what i tried to explain to the rest of them , but russian support , both military and financial were necessary if we wanted the revolution to succeed . newline newline once the system had fallen , once echeverra lied dead , we put mrquez on the eagle s throne , our youngest , brightest , purest mind in hopes he d have the strength of character to stand our ground in the bigger fight  the fight to come . i was appointed minster of foreign affairs .  a booming time for diplomacy  as fidel once cynically remarked . newline newline the borders were shut , naturally , and all mexicans  or at least the ones that lived  were deported or imprisoned . america was  100  mexican free  , that is , except for bruno  my assistant  , and myself , who now sat in the white house lobby , waiting to see reagan himself , with the weight of a world war on our shoulders . sitting in the lobby was a beautiful blonde girl that reminded me of joan fontaine , from the movies when i was a kid . newline newline everyone had their own set of expectations from this meeting . khrushchev wanted me to say this , mrquez wanted me to do that . whatever happened in this meeting , it was going to shape the fate of millions of people , and the only script that i was willing to follow was my own . i was going to put an end to this before it even began . if the americans and the russians wanted to tear each other to shreds , that was fine by me , but i would not allow them to use my house as their playground . newline newline  mr. chickenchasah  , joan fontaine said ,  the president will see you now .  so this is how it ends ...  the place was falling apart around him , his opponent a twisted heap behind him . all this effort , all the death and suffering , and for what ? could he escape now and make it back ? would it even be worth it now that it was over ? unbidden his mind slipped back to the beginning of the whole mess . newline newline the consortium had been peaceful once , but its excesses had bred avarice . it had began taking what did not belong to it . as so many arrogant civilizations tend to do the consortium eventually picked a fight they should nt have . world by world the consortium had been beaten back to its final redoubt : the blackmare . newline newline a hellish cluster of failing stars inexorably being drawn into a black hole . the planets within slowly sundering each other in an eons long rush to oblivion . the region was swathed in stellar gases and singularity ejecta , swirling about the turbulent dark center . to call the blackmare a navigational hazard would have been an understatement . newline newline into this place the corrupt consortium council and its chancellor had fled to rebuild . a fitting home for their crumbling ambitions . yet those they had wronged would not be dissuaded . countless probes had to be sent forth to map the blackmare s treacherous expanse of debris and radiation . the place had been riddled over many millennia with traps and fortress bastions . the doomed worlds within enshrouded as much by nature as technology and might . newline newline it took years but passable lanes were discovered and the consular fleet was forced into full defense . the warriors of justice would not be denied , though their blood was made to fill that cursed place . gravity bombs , guided asteroid bombardments , ambushes , and protracted sieges of every point of contention took their toll . newline newline finally at their ragged ends both sides faced off over the last wretched battleground world : capitol . once the remnants of the consular fleet was reduced to wreckage , the bombardment began . like so many sieges before it was only a matter of time before the planetary shields buckled and developed gaps . newline newline gaps through which the ground invasion began . his task had been simple . get through and disable the worldshield complex . he d done it before on a dozen world s . none so heavily defended however . the initial landing had been a disaster . sensor shadows had sent half his force right into the shield to be vaporized . more fell victim to atmospheric fighters and antiaircraft fire . the rest landed right in the greatest set of fortifications ever constructed . a mere thirtyeight firebases survived that landing to deploy . newline newline the next month of fighting saw only intermittent reinforcements . tactical mass weapons proved effective but the chancellor s best stood in their way . the worldshield facility finally loomed before them almost tauntingly . surround by a maze of concentric rings of defense . itself part of the greater ring of battlements around capitol city . newline newline he had known that his men would not survive much longer so he had taken a daring risk . he led a breakout effort himself . he knew it would be suicidal . he would nt see any more of his men die , or waste further troops sure to follow . newline newline he took one hundred volunteers in full mobile armor suits . their mad dash from their entrenched position took them over 15 kilometers to close the distance to the worldshield main complex . it had worked , with 75 casualties . the last 25 blasted their way deep inside . finally the reactor chamber was before them . newline newline it was only then that the chancellors  champion had ambushed them . his closest friend and lieutenant had died in an instant . a rod of plasma skewered him right in the cockpit module . before he knew it the champion was on him . as his team began returning fire on the champion s squad they locked titansteel blades . newline newline back and forth they raged as more defenders poured into the breach from outside . in the melee they crashed into the reactor chamber itself like madmen . the swirling energy coruscated over their suits . the wounded or lightly armored in the corridor beyond were incinerated by the escaping torrents of power . newline newline still they battled . electric arcing through their bodies , suits maxed beyond their thermal compensation . they continued to batter at each other . then it was over as quickly as it began . with a powerful downward slash he had lost the suits main armature . yet with his left , he sunk a piece of half molten metal through the champion s egress hatch . flame quickly enveloped it from the inside out . newline newline the unconstrained reactor breach had nearly finished venting into the facility to disastrous effect . the walls buckled and sections of ceiling were crashing down . newline  no i wo nt be entombed here with you  he grimaced as he forced his battlesuit upright . the readouts protested , as he scanned for an exit . his wounds protested as well as he staggered toward one . newline newline the suit was beyond tolerances and he hobbled with one leg completely frozen . he had no time to respect the cinders of his fallen comrades . he rounded the last corner and saw the open blast hole he had entered . the clear sky seemed to beckon him as he strove for it . with a great shuddering moan the facility imploded . newline newline like a terrible dragon of myth it roared and closed its maw about him . then he knew darkness , and fell into unconsciousness . it was many hours before the sounds of shrieking metal awoke him . the suit was dead , none of the controls responded . not even the manual ejector . newline  so this is how it ends  he spoke aloud as a wash of sparks showered over him . newline newline the rear hatch was pried clear and he stumbled out into the sunlight . without the worldshield natural light filled the scene rather than a red glow . all about him the last of his troops were gathered in the rubble . they cheered at the sight of him . he could hear the sounds of battle far off in the city . filling the sky was the fleet of justice in all its glory . capitol had fallen at last , the nightmare was over . newline cmon , man !  newline newline  no !  newline newline  why not ? !  newline newline  it s gross !  he sighed .  i m just not into that , guy , it s not my thing . i wo nt do it .  newline newline i leaned back against the cabinets and pushed my head back to look at the ceiling .  you really would nt even consider it ? how is that fair ? you even stole my royal dalton non stick frying pan ! who steals pans ? !  newline newline  i was actually coming back for the cast iron , it was too heavy for the first trip .  newline newline  damnit ! you re the gayest burglar ever !  as soon as i said it i could feel his eyes on me . glaring eyes .  sorry , i did nt mean it like that . i m just angry and frustrated and ...  newline newline  yeah , i know . boohoo , poor you . your best friend died in a car crash , it s terrible . your girlfriend is leaving you , it s so awful !  newline newline  and chewy died .  i felt the tears start welling up inside me . newline newline  oh please , do nt start . you left the window open and you knew he was a jumper . that s why you do nt leave windows open when you have a crazy cat .  newline newline  it s not my fault , i just needed some fresh air , things have been really hard recently .  i took a deep breath and let it out . newline newline  bullshit ! the only thing that is nt your fault is stuart s death . it s always hard to lose someone close to you , but if you d managed to keep things together , we would nt be here right now !  newline newline  how do you know about stuart s death ? i never told you that !  newline newline  do you even realize how thin these walls are ? ray and i have been listening to you pour your heart vomit out to your girlfriend  newline newline  exgirlfriend .  newline newline  exgirlfriend , whatever ! things get hard sometimes ! so your best friend died , yeah , we get it , it s hard , but that does nt mean you can just shut down , ignore your girlfriend , stop going to work and sit around all day watching disgustingly sloppy por  newline newline  ok , ok , i get it .  newline newline  really ? you got the thin walls thing ? cause i m pretty sure i told you about that along time ago , but you still crank it up whenever no one else is home and you think you can just whip it out and  newline newline  i said i got it .  newline newline  fine . anyway , i was hoping that stealing your stuff would just make you mad and you would put your life back together so we did nt have to hear you sobbing every night .  newline newline i sat up and looked at michael .  you were going to give it back ?  newline newline  well most of it at least . i mean the pan is really nice ...  newline newline i laughed .  i know , you told me to get it ! i just got lucky with that sale .  newline newline  sooo ... are you going to let me go now ?  newline newline  i do nt know , are you going to kill me ?  newline newline  no , it s gross , i told you i would nt do it ! besides , i d end up in jail . get your shit together .  newline newline i hopped off the counter and started untying him .  you re a good friend man . i do nt think i could ve asked for a better friend , i mean i know we ve been neighbors a long time , i just did nt think you cared that much ...  newline newline  oh do nt get all weepy on me you faggot .  newline newline i looked up in shock . newline newline  i can say it , you ca nt !  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinemy mother told me it was punishmentrecompense for my the sins of past lives . or , at least , those were the bedtime stories she told me before she husked . it was slow process , slow enough for my 6 year old brain to fully understand her suffering . newline newline at first she would zone out for a little bit , then snap back to reality . her smile would reassure me that everything was ok yet over time each smile was smaller , as if each time she snapped back , she lost a memory . she knew me , of course , and loved me , but it changed . her love was somehow cold and obligatory rather than the warmth i had so loved . newline newline the change happens the same way to every person . at the stroke of midnight on your 25th birthday , your body spasms for exactly .25 seconds . every single cell , every single fiber of your being is super charged . this is called the in and out  . it s the last essence of the original owner of the being ejected as the new soul finds it s home . newline newline then , until the sunrise , the person is a useless slug . sometimes , people straight up die in new bodies because they walked into oncoming traffic during the slug phase . during these hours , the new body is flooded with the memories of the new soul . synapses are firing off , creating a period of time where only the involuntary functions of life are able to work properly . newline newline then , the new person awakes . an older pilgrim will have hundreds of years of memories . they are most often very kind people  at least the older ones are  . sometimes they adopt the children of the new body . other times , they do nt . many choose to start a completely new life , forgoing the past of two beings . either way , a very new person emerges , no matter the choice . newline newline this new one looked like my mother , but she was nothing like her . kind and distant , she took me to the nearest orphan block and went through all of the necessary paperwork to release me to the state . i know it was nt her fault : she did nt choose me , but it angered me watching the stranger with my mothers face walk off . newline newline i do nt know if i could ever have kids nowadays . i m haunted by those ever fading smiles i used to see that culminated in unloving eyes .something warm , like a tingling , and brushing , from a soft and gentle hand . was there anything to see ? did he have eyes ? he tried to open them , and then there was light . could he breath ? a shock came to him  he saw his chest and breath flowed through him , sweet , and fresh . newline newline his feet were planted on solid earth , hands were clenched tight . he looked at them and his hands relaxed like phantom limbs coming into sight again . ahead was a long line , a crowd of people pushing towards some unknown place , naked and afraid . newline newline there seemed to be a sense of urgency , but he felt calm enough , and saw nothing but a wide dirt road . the road was bordered by a lush pine forest stretching off into the blue haziness of distant mountains . slowly , as if learning to walk again , he came to the back of the line . a man , nervous , yet tired , looked at him and said newline newline  finally i m not the last one anymore  i felt like i ve been waiting here for years . but when i make it to the end , i ll be free .  newline newline silently he looked ahead and saw nothing but an endless line . people were screaming and pushing one another , and finally some life came to the mans face as he took a few steps further .  you ll see , all the new ones see it  he ll take you there  he said excitedly . he took another step forward and in a flash his body swept through the endless line of naked bodies and came to the end . a river clear and placid slowly pushed along . the river styx , and he had no coin to pay the toll he chuckled . a tall and solemn figure stood like a statue in front of a gate made of light , unopened . the figure looked down and said ,  you are finally free from your torment , rejoice , young soul .  the mans face held a gentle smile but said nothing .  you have lived your life on earth , in hell , and now you may reenter the light of god .  still the man said nothing .  with patience one may find many truths here , and you may hold strong to your faith like the others , but you may leave the path if you dare . i do not recommend it , for this world holds many things , things that have brought people back here to this very road .  newline newline he blinked and in front of him was the nervous man again . he spoke with others in front of him , these were the ones that were too shy to push and shove to the front . his voice was somber , with sunken eyes and gaunt cheeks . he looked like picasso s blind man s meal , reaching for a meal he may never see . did the punishment continue here ? newline newline  excuse me  a clothed woman said . newline the clothed woman held a coin out to the man at the end of the line . newline  here s your toll if you want to wait for it  newline the coin was engraved with the name hecate and had two roads crossed . newline  i thought i was going to heaven , or hell , but it appears i am in neither , but have already been to one  he said expecting an answer . newline  well , the gods do not hold the answers , they can only bring you to the door . you must open that door , or not , that is the price of freedom .  newline  do they see you ?  he said newline  only if there eyes are not blind with faith , but yours , yours are filled with curiosity , searching .  she walked him to the edge of the road , and lifted a tree branch  a path was there that lead off towards the mountains in the distance . newline  is this still hell , an extension of earth and some sort of trick ?  newline  this is no trick , we are in purgatory , and you are immortal  you may leave to so called heaven in time , but it may take many thousands of years .  newline  who am i ?  he asked newline  you are but the essence of a man you once were  some lose their memories when them come here , and that can be a blessing . some come with the pain of hell , with the blindness of faith , and wait like patient dogs at the gates . there are many truths to find here , and this is the first one  look on at these fools , shackled in the patterns of their past lives , they will find no solace here , no truth .  newline newline  truth ?  newline newline  yes truth is what you make of it i suppose . though some may think the truth lies behind those gates , i tend to think otherwise .  newline newline they walked off of the wide dirt road and into the forest  the crowd faded from sight and sound , and a blanket of calm and cool silence laid itself upon them .the lieutenant waved the first squad into their positions . they were more courageous than i was , that was for sure . every one of them knew they were armed with nothing more than high capacity assault rifles , which we already knew would have no effect on this creature . but they also knew we had to hold its attention if the real weapon we were preparing was to have time to charge to sufficient capacity to achieve the critical mass reaction . newline newline the men flowed down the alley like a well trained brigade of ghost warriors , moving from shadow to shadow as quickly as possible . it felt a bit surreal , like we were playing some kind of deadly game of musical hiding places , and when the silent music stopped , our antagonist would emerge and fry whoever was nt in a hiding place before they even had time to aim and fire . newline newline it was rodriguez and dansky who drew that particular short straw a moment later , as the beast appeared over the top of the buildings . dear god , how had it gotten so big so fast ? waves of energy screamed down on the two unlucky soldiers caught out in the open . it was not so much a breath weapon or eye beams like scifi movies make you expect , but more a stream of blurred and glowing air that emerged from what passed for the creature s  face  and what used to be human beings became melted like wax figures sitting too close to a working kiln , if wax figures could be just sentient enough to scream as they melted . newline newline i forced my attention away from all that and back to the pad showing me status on the charging of the big gun . i heard the shouted commands and the blare of gun fire alternating rapidly from place to place as the squad worked together as one to keep the beast too disoriented to select another target . i involuntarily flinched as one of the uselessly deflected bullets chipped the bricks just over my head . crap ! i was not military material . what the hell was i doing in the situation like this ? newline newline i needed to focus on something , so i focused on the pad , minimizing the window which reported the charge status and instead opening the targeting app . i worked on sketching out the parameters of the beast s latest form , since it had altered too dramatically since we wrote the targeting app for the old data to be effective . with my help , the app relearned how to recognize the beast and i could hear the servos begin to orient the muzzle to face it . i prayed it was not loud enough for the creature to hear and become too interested too soon . newline newline i hastily flipped back to the charging status window and thankfully , it was almost at full . i cringed at the sound of more screams . someone had taken a second too long to take their turn to fire , and the beast had picked a target after all . then the screen of my pad blinked to a green background and reported charge at 100  . finally ! newline newline  fire in the hole !  i radioed and tapped the fire button . i had pushed a pair of blast goggles over my eyes so i could safely look at the creature as the otherwise blinding radiance from the big gun smashed into it . it staggered back and screamed as pure columnated nuclear radiation slammed into it . newline newline and then , as unbelievable as a nightmare come to life , the beam cut off , having exhausted its supply of fuel , but the beast still stood . it shook its head and screamed as it beat its wings and launched itself at the big gun , having finally spotted a target it hated more than the little people on the ground . newline newline  move !  the lieutenant screamed in my ear as he shoved me so hard i staggered and dropped the pad as i finally snapped out of my stunned disbelief long enough to race for the open tailgate of the vehicle i had been so sure we would nt need to escape the area . i made it as far as throwing myself inside , then something in me simply shut down in shock . newline newline as we tore down the street , trying to stay out of the creature s direct line of sight , i watched it ripping apart the huge metal barrel of the big gun with a frenzy of overpowered raw strength , and i wondered : how the hell can we beat this thing ? how do you beat evolution itself ? newlinecigarettes : should you smoke them ? newline newline top 10 reasons why you should smoke cigarettes newline newline they relax nerves in times of stress  newline they look cool in movies  newline good conversation starter  newline it s something to do  newline they provide mental focus  newline they replace meals , and lungs do nt get fat  newline it beats chewing your fingernails  newline good way to get out of the office  newline it s fun to flick them , put them out on things  newline prison currency  newline newline top 10 reasons why you should not smoke cigarettes newline newline they ll give you cancer  newline they smell awful and so will you  newline people will hate you  newline your fingers and teeth turn yellow  newline expensive habit  newline ca nt smoke in bars anymore  newline you re always littering  newline you stink  newline people hate you  newline you re gross  newline newline choose your choice wisely , kids . newline newline newlineit s cold today and i overslept . for gods sake i m an invisible force made of energy and i oversleep . i guarantee i forgot to put a jacket on today ... this is the time i got that terrible flue that made my first kiss with carrol all snotty and disgusting . oh well i better fucking catch up . newline newline i swoop , swing , glide , heck why do i put in the effort i know i can instantly appear next to myself with a blink of an eye . maybe the monotony of my actions make me feel like i m alive again . i see myself riding the bike along in the street , without my jacket ... newline newline well nothing i can do now i guess i ll just stalk myself for while and see what today brings . is today a school day ? yup , i m following myself to school and i have no jacket on . is it lunch time yet ? newline newline smack ! i slap my own living flesh with the force of a thousand hammers ! just my hand gosh what kind of monster do you think i am ? of course i ca nt really hurt myself , all the living me does is every so slightly twitch my hand and drop that sucker to the ground . no fish sticks today , those things get half the school sick . it looks like i m annoying myself today . i see a scowl on my face that says  what the fuck was that ? !  . oh well ! onward and forward it s just another day self preservation ! are we home yet ? newline newline home sweet home , nice and warm and i m pretty sure i feel that cold creeping up right about now . i see myself heading to my room , up the stairs and to the bed . i guess this is as good a time as ever to check on mom . newline newline i walk to her room and i notice the silence again . the silence only someone not alive can hear , no breath no steps nothing but silence when i m alone . outside of her door i hear her moving about and i peak through the doorway and see her making her bed . she s alone too with no husband around to help with kids . he left us too soon . newline newline i hover around her and watch her movements . my loving mother just filling her days even on her days off . she cleans , cooks and even now just sitting on her bed looking through a photo book of the times past . i miss her so much , i can feel a tear come to my eye just being around her . newline newline she turns to look at me and stares . i go wide eyed for a second as she looks on in confusion . i m invisible now just energy and i forget they can sometimes feel me . she stands and starts to walk out . where is she going ? oh crap . newline newline i snap straight to my room and what do i see ? your average everyday teenager under the sheets spanking it like no tomorrow ! dammit , does this count as child porn ? i smack the walls and shake my bookshelves and hope to god that stops my living actions . i watch myself freak out and pull both hand out from under the covers . i m drenched in sweat and i ca nt believe i just watched myself jerk it . right as the mother swings the door open to see me . newline newline  honey are you okay ? your drenched in sweat ! you must have forgot your jacket , oh goodness you better not have caught a cold !  she rushes to my bedside and touches my head . newline newline  i m fine ! it s nothing i can deal with a cold !  i cry in shame , surprise ? maybe relief i was nt caught or even all three . newline newline i look on watching myself relive my life and just hope i can make a change . as for today ? job well done . newline newlineshe killed me . she held me down and allowed me to be raped . she sliced my throat all while crying and saying ,  i m sorry ...  over and over again . newline newline there was no emotion in her eyes when she did it . but i can tell that there was emotion involved in her actions . newline newline i was kept prisoner in her husband s basement for two weeks while they tortured and raped me over.. and over.. and over.. her husband was a very large man . at least 6 and a half feet tall , he had a muscularish build although he did have some fat on him . his brown hair was longer in some spots than in other which i thought was strange but it did nt make him any less menacing when i first saw him . newline newline when did i first see him again ? i ca nt really remember ... he was just a regular customer at the grocery store i worked at . i ca nt pinpoint the first time i saw him . i just remember him being there at least once a week and he d buy the same thing . newline newline 3 bags of dog food . newline newline every time . and he always came to my cash register . even though there were several others open , usually with smaller lines than mine he always chose to come to mine . i thought it was a little weird . maybe he was just a creepy man who liked talking to me . newline newline i always thought it was nt very nice of him to do to his wife who he sometimes brought with him . i always assumed that he was abusive . she was very quiet and almost never spoke to me . newline newline i ll never forget the last time we met at the grocery store . she looked at me in the eyes as they walked away from my register and mouthed the words ,  run .  i thought it was strange but i did nt think anything of it . newline newline newline that was the last day i d ever be at work . newline newline when i was on my way to my car that night i was taken by him . newline newline i do nt know if i hate her or if i feel bad for her but i do know that she will get the brunt of the force of law enforcement once they get caught . newline newline the terror in her eyes whenever he tells her to do something . i saw him smack her in the face for not being quick enough to get him a drink of water . newline newline i was nt their first victim . i am one hundred and ten percent sure of this . the way she did things to me was as if it had been rehearsed a thousand times before . every time she d whip me . every time she d hold me down . she d mouth or say softly ,  i m sorry .  newline newline i m sure those words had no meaning to her . she d said them enough times to me during my stay at their house that they d lost meaning to me .  sorry  no longer meant that a person was regretting doing what they did . it meant that bad things were about to happen to me . newline newline she would stick needles in me . she would pour boiling hot water on me . she would violate me with a large dildo while her husband would watch on from a few feet away masturbating . newline newline she never shed a single tear when she was around me . i could tell she had no more tears left to shed . every time she d hesitate to do something to me that her husband would tell her to do he d threaten to slit her throat . he was serious about it . she knew it . i knew it . he knew it . he did nt care about her . he just wanted her to do whatever he said . she was his slave . newline newline when the order finally came from him for her to dispose of me ... i did nt panic . it was finally over . i did nt have to deal with the unspeakable things done to me . i ve shared a few of those things done to me , but there were many more not mentioned . ones i would nt want to describe . newline newline as she loomed over me with her knife her formerly emotionless eyes showed a little bit of sadness . she knew that another one was going and soon they d have to abduct another . he d gotten sick of me . newline newline that look of emotion was gone when she stooped down to begin sawing my neck with her dull steak knife . newline newline the last thing i remember seeing was his eyes , gazing at me with glee in them . newline newline sometimes i wonder who was the real victim . newline newline me.. or her ? newline10:19 pm . john was browsing the reddit homepage , when he stumbled across a curious writing prompt . newline  you are scrolling through reddit , when this very prompt catches your attention . intrigued by it s meta nature , you debate with yourself whether or not you ll write about it . newline newline 10:21 pm . the prompt was definitely intriguing ,  john though to himself , but can i be bothered writing about it ?  newline newline 10:24 pm . he had decided that he could nt make up his mind , so he opened his favorite rng , and generated a number . newline newline  149 , i write .  john said out loud . after a few seconds of loading , the number popped up . 36 .  right then .  he said , and with the press of altshifttab , he switched back to reddit , and began to write . he typed fast and efficiently . newline newline 10:28 pm . john began to proofread the story , while reading it aloud to find any mistakes . he started . newline newline  10:19 pm . john was browsing the reddit homepage , when he stumbled across a curious writing prompt . newline  you are scrolling through reddit , when this very prompt catches your attention . intrigued by it s meta nature , you debate with yourself whether or not you ll write about it . newline newline 10:21 pm . the prompt was definitely intriguing ,  john though to himself , but can i be bothered writing about it ?  newline newline 10:24 pm . he had decided that he could nt make up his mind , so he opened his favorite rng , and generated a number . newline newline  149 , i write .  john said out loud . after a few seconds of loading , the number popped up . 36 .  right then .  he said , and with the press of altshifttab , he switched back to reddit , and began to write . he typed fast and efficiently . newline newline 10:28 pm . john began to proofread the story , while reading it aloud to find any mistakes . he started . newline newline 10:19 pm . john was browsing the reddit homepage , when he stumbled across a curious writing prompt . newline  you are scrolling through reddit , when this very prompt catches your attention . intrigued by it s meta nature , you debate with yourself whether or not you ll write about it . newline newline 10:21 pm . the prompt was definitely intriguing ,  john though to himself , but can i be bothered writing about it ?  newline newline 10:24 pm . he had decided that he could nt make up his mind , so he opened his favorite rng , and generated a number . newline newline  149 , i write .  john said out loud . after a few seconds of loading , the number popped up . 36 .  right then .  he said , and with the press of altshifttab , he switched back to reddit , and began to write . he typed fast and efficiently . newline newline 10:28 pm . john began to proofread the story , while reading it aloud to find any mistakes . he started . newline newline  10:19 pm . john was browsing the reddit homepage , when he stumbled across a curious writing prompt . newline  you are scrolling through reddit , when this very prompt catches your attention . intrigued by it s meta nature , you debate with yourself whether or not you ll write about it . newline newline 10:21 pm . the prompt was definitely intriguing ,  john though to himself , but can i be bothered writing about it ?  newline newline 10:24 pm . he had decided that he could nt make up his mind , so he opened his favorite rng , and generated a number . newline newline  149 , i write .  john said out loud . after a few seconds of loading , the number popped up . 36 .  right then .  he said , and with the press of altshifttab , he switched back to reddit , and began to write . he typed fast and efficiently . newline newline 10:28 pm . john began to proofread the story , while reading it aloud to find any mistakes . he started .  newline newline  this loop continues indefinitely february 5 , 2015 newline newline not one chance . newline newline he wo nt give me , not one chance to start things over . after the phone call , i decided to drive up north to the preschool davin was left at . i found that he was nt there . he must have figured that i would try to take him ... now i have no one to hold me down . to look after ... to love me , and to let me love . but i guess that s just it ... no one wants my love . no one wants me to love them ... because i m worthless . what do i mean to anyone ? i m garbage . i m shit . i m disgusting . everyone looking at me ... they stab me with their minds . they try to wipe me out of existance , because i m disgusting . ugly . unloved . newline newline so ... i went to the liquor store . the one that s near the preschool . i always thought that place was so strange . being put no less than a mile away from the preschool . how odd it was ... but to me , right now , it could nt have been placed more perfectly . i write this now intoxicated . yes . i am drunk . so wonderfully and disgustingly drunk . the man at the counter looked at me concerned . as if it was so early to drink ... it hardly is . 2 pm is hardly early enough for me . i grabbed at least three bottles of wine , vodka , and some other stuff ... i m honestly too lethargic to go and see what else i baught . i know i got some beer too . i probably did buy too much . does nt matter . none of it matters anymore . i drove home , guzzling whatever was in the glass bottle down . i do nt want to feel , but i feel so much ... newline newline newline newline february 6 , 2015 newline newline i know how many were killed . this is probably the first thing the police will see . they deserve it . all of them . him . davin . and all those useless people . they never loved me . they never wanted me . they all thought i was disgusting . they lied to me . newline newline when i went to my mom , at first it was just to talk ... to tell her what happened with mathew . how it did nt work out between us . but she snickered . i saw it in her face , how she had always thought that . we talked , and she said that it was my fault . i hate her . i felt all that hate build up , and i cracked the bottle in my hands and lashed out . i pressed the glass i to her heart . her skin split easily , and there was blood . it felt good . i wanted to do that . and i deserved it . i was wronged . i was in pain . she should have comforted me ... i left her body like that . sitting on the couch , her eyes wide open with her heart cut out . beer bottle still in hand . blood everywhere . newline newline i went home , took out dad s old gun he lent me , and drove up to jane s place . she always had a thing for mathew . not anymore . her daughter never knew mathew , but she will never have the opportunity now . i went to to the preschool , and shot them . the rifle was an amazing shot . i killed everyone . all of them in that puny preschool . i hated davin s teacher . she would always look at mathew wrong . newline newline i buried davin . he did nt deserve it . the one that did nt have to die , but it was necessary . i want mathew to feel pain . i want his heart to rip out . also , i swallowed some pills . newline newline i know , i m a disgusting human being . newline newline  newline newline hope this was dark enough .this advice is free , newline newline that when you love someone , young man , newline newline you give up your everything to that person , rich man , newline newline and as you learn more about that person , smart man , newline newline nothing new is a surprise or matters , witty man . newline newline you ll argue and fight and gnarl and bite , tough man , newline newline but you ca nt stop trusting your heart , sensitive man . newline newline finally when time has caught up to you , old man , newline newline you ll be happy to have them by your side , lonely man , newline newline to be by there side when times are rough , tense man , newline newline and especially knowing that you ve grown old , elderly man . newline newline it s not enough to be loved , young man . newlinethe dream of everyone on the fireside and the darkside was to make it back to the borderlands . newline newline one side of the planet was scorched and uninhabitable , bathed in the cruel light of the sun every second of every day . the ground was cracked and charred . nothing grew there , no plant or animal could survive in the blazing heat . this was known as the fireside . newline newline the other side of the planet was frozen and equally uninhabitable . it was hidden from the light of the sun , with only the twinkling stars visible in the night sky , their dim light a spiteful reminder of the warmth that was denied . the ground was ice , and nothing grew here , as no plant or animal could survive the freezing temperatures . this was known as the darkside . newline newline however , at the boundary between night and day there was a thriving civilization , one that existed in a narrow ring that circumvented the globe . there was life here , and culture , and joy . here the temperatures were tolerable  a little warmer on the edge closest to the fireside , and a little cooler on the edge closest to the darkside . this was known as the borderlands , and it was led by a people whose cruelty was even greater than the sun and the cold . they were known as the highers . newline newline the highers were the rulers of the borderlands . their word was law . the highers lorded over an oppressed population of servants and slaves . by controlling all the resources and deciding all the punishments for lawbreaking , the highers were able to keep their subservients in check . anyone who stepped out of line was exiled , either to the fireside to work in the solar plants or factories , or to the darkside to freeze ignominiously to death . newline newline the highers did not allow any exiles to ever return . but those who were banished still remembered an existence that was not either oppressive heat or deathly cold . and they dreamed of returning to the borderlands . this was just a dream , of course . the exiles had no chance of convincing the highers to reaccept them , and they had neither the numbers nor the strength to return by force . and so they wailed , and gnashed their teeth , but ultimately had to accept their fates . this was the story of all those who were exiled to the fireside or the darkside . newline newline with one exception , that is . one young man , named solaro doshai , did not simply accept his fate . his story was slightly different .the ten foot tall demon scratches its head with one claw , the other lightly tapping on an open page of the ledger mounted in front of the gates . newline newline  i m what ?  i ask . newline newline the demon delicately lowers a claw to one nostril , then sniffs it .  you re not allowed in  . newline newline i tap one foot impatiently .  they did nt let me into heaven , i figure maybe a life of petty crime is enough to get me into hell .  newline newline the demon s bored eyes sweep past me as it raises its claw back up to scratch its head .  normally , yes . we re much more lenient on who we let in than those guys . but it says here i m not to let you in .  newline newline  any particular reason ?  newline newline the demon s eyes refocus on the page .  april fourth , two thousand and seven . says here you ...  newline newline  oh come on ! that was one time ! and you should nt be able to be given the same reason for being kicked out of both heaven and hell !  newline newline  look  says the demon  i just guard the door . anyway , its not exactly a holy act , but even for satan , pantysniffing is pretty weird . the old woman stared out of the glass window . the stars shone like encrusted diamonds in the night sky  the bloodred moon seemed to pulse with her every heart beat . even through the window she could here the song of the night . newline newline the door creaked slightly opened . no one seemed to have entered . but she knewhe was here . newline newline  its a good night , to die .  she said to the night . newline newline  you look beautiful .  the night replied back . newline newline payal focused on the chair beside her . on it sat a strange man.the white shirt had fist sized holes , and his trousers were speckled with mud and dirt . a wild grey beard covered most of the face , except the eyes . those reminded her of ashes left after a wild fire  burned out but still a window to the strength they had possessed . newline newline her laughter turned into an dry cough .  you are here . finally . that can mean only one thing .  newline newline the fire of the eyes dimmed a bit .  yes .  newline newline she turned back to the night sky .  so . today is the day i die .  newline newline he did nt answer . always so unsocial . newline newline  you re not going to refute me .  newline newline he moved to hold her hand , but stopped shy of touching her .  you forbade me to come . until the day you died . i have listened to your wishes .  newline newline  do you think that forgives you ?  newline newline the fire came back .  you still bear that grudge ? after 50 year !  the words drip with rage .  your people celebrate me . they call me a savior . your own hands commissioned odes to my saga.and yet ... . you deny my presence . as if i was the villain .  newline newline payal slowly sits up . tremors run through her body as the muscle atrophied form stiffly moves .  you think i did those things willingly ?  newline newline a thunder strike reverberates in the air . odd , since no clouds flow outside . newline newline  i lied . to my people , to my friends , to my husband !  she spits out . newline  i could not tell them the truth . take away their new god from them . they needed something to believe in , dammit !  newline newline he just stands there , offended . what a selfrighteous fool . even at the end . newline newline  i could nt tell them that the great unitor arya , slayer of the moon , father of the blade nation was , in fact , the tormentor that slaughtered the people he swore to protect .  newline newline his arms fold together as he tries to block her out . the retort is silent .  i did ... . what needed to be done.  he looks directly at her . the eyes , they are completely dead now . newline newline she can see now . he has spent the 50 years in penance . he had made himself see every life he ruined , every family that was broken  all the pain that coursed through the world because of him . newline newline it is still not enough . he wo nt be forgiven . not by her . newline newline the moon pulses even faster . her heart follows through . her final beats begin . newline newline a cold hand grabs her . he s close now . tears run down his face . newline newline  please ,  he cries  , tell me you forgive me , payal .  even to her dying body , his hands are like ice . newline newline  no .  newline newline the word is like a slap . his eyes shut as he weep even louder . the crying old man falls into her lap . newline newline and so the dying comforts the living .  you are not forgiven , arya kanak . but you are forgotten . with me gone , there are none to know of the old hatreds . find a reason to live , a new life ...  newline newline her eyes are closing . sleep comes .  ... .guide them well , this time .  newline newline newline newline newline newline matthias , what are you playing ? i cant decide what i want to build ,  ogden questioned , stroking his beard in one hand , his other hanging tentatively over a piece of paper . newline newline  oh , i am playing phil johnson , an hr representative who enjoys books and has a habit of having too many margaritas on taco thursday at the local bar .  newline newline  dude ,  illandir said , rolling his eyes .  you always play hr representatives . they always get in the way of our character motivations .  newline newline  i do not . and if they do , maybe you should have better motivations ,  matthias replied . newline newline  what is better than jennifer swanson , a secretary who wants to go back to school to become a lawyer , but also ca nt shake the feeling that derick from accounting is the man of her dreams .  newline newline  dude that s an hr nightmare ,  ogden quipped . newline newline  also , she recreationally uses pot most days after work ,  illandir added .  but ogden , we don  t have any party members in management . you should play a manager .  newline newline  yeah , a well rounded party would be nice .  newline newline  oh ,  illandir jested .  i was thinking so you could fire the hr guy .  newline newline  i ought to find a new group to play with ,  matthias said as ogden began writing manager  at the top of his page . newline well , i suppose i should get this over with ,  thought lloyd glancing at the counter on his wrist . thirty cents it read , which he guessed meant fifteen minutes left for him . so long as the cost of a minute had nt changed in the last couple hours . it was nt the first time he had been pushed to these extremes , and he knew it would nt be the last . so long as the upper class kept the world under their thumbs , nothing would change . until someone brought them down , or forced them to give up their wealth , he would be forced to do this again and again . newline newline he looked down at the counter on her wrist , which read two hundred dollars . almost a weeks worth of life . he was nt worried she would wake up , she was way too drugged up for that . it was one of the reasons he picked her . one less drug addict feeding the greed of the one percent , one less soul giving them their lives . better in the hands of someone who can fight them . at least that s what he told himself to fell less guilty . newline newline carefully he hooked up his siphon to her counter . it was hand made , and crude , but it was all he had . siphons were after all illegal , as they bypassed all the security systems of the counters , and a quality one would have cost him more than he would ever hope to have . he hit the load button , and then watched her counter slowly drop . two hundred , one hundred , fifty , twentyfive ... then zero . he made sure to keep his gaze away from her face . he found out early on that it always made things worse to look at them afterwards . he connected the siphon to his counter and hit dump . he stood there for a moment afterwards , watching his counter . it did nt move at first , and he thought to himself  please , please do nt crap out on me now ...  then , slowly , it climbed . all the way up to two hundred dollars , and fifteen cents . he breathed a sigh of relief . one more week .dearest mother , newline newline i hope this letter finds you and janie and samuel well . i expect that the crops are coming up nicely with all this fine weather helping them along . it is hot as blazes down here , far more humid than we ever feel back home . even the darkest hours of the night bring no relief from the oppressive heat . the mosquitoes are enough to drive a man to distraction , and the night air is filled with the sounds of men up and down the line slapping their faces and hands and grunting with frustration when their sleep is interrupted by hundreds of stinging bites . but the countryside is beautiful . the trees all wear cloaks of heavy spanish moss , and i ve lost count of the number of front porches i ve seen covered in a perfumescented flower they tell me is called jasmine . would that we could grow it back home , mother , you would love it ! doubtless it would give janie many hours of delight with her sketchbooks and her charcoals . i sent her a pressed flower in my last letter , did she like it ? she is always and forever scouring the woods and streams for new flowers to add to her collection and , being a specimen that does not grow there , i thought it would be a nice surprise for her . tell her that i will try to send her another when i have the chance , and that when i get home i expect a drawing of them . newline newline we ve had a good few weeks . we saw some heavy fighting last week , and we lost some good men . john miller and freddy maclean both died of their wounds , and that was hard to endure . i keep remembering all the mischief we got up to as kids , tying girls  braids together in school and snitching hand pies when your back was turned . i d give my right arm to have those two fools back again . please give my sincerest regrets to their mothers , and tell them they died well . they were very brave , and i was with them right until they breathed their last . i expect that the casualty lists are growing ever longer  the sad reality of war that i can not hide , no matter how happy i try to keep my letters home . please do not burden yourself with fear for my own safety ... my life is in god s hands , and i am doing my best to be careful . we are all counting the days until this bloody war is over and we can all come home , but we are finding ways to keep our spirits up . there are so many musical fellows in our regiment . every night , the sound of fiddling and singing and men laughing around campfires helps us put the day s exertions behind us . right now , as i m writing , bob sanders is playing a ji newline newline newline newline newline newline hello , maam . you all do nt know me , an i do nt expect you ll want to after you here what i m about to tell you . i do nt think there s an easy way to say this so i m just going to say it : your son is dead . he s dead because of me . i shot him . we were under orders to find the enemy camp , an we did . an one of our guys got spooked an fired off a shot . it all went to pot after that , everyone shooting an yelling . it was dark an i did nt know that your son was unarmed . in the fire light , it looked like he was holding his bayonet , not riting a letter . if i knew i would never have shot him . i am so very sorry , from the bottom of my heart i m sorry . i kept saying to him that i was sorry too , an before he passed , he told me he forgave me an made me promise to finish his letter for him . he wanted me to tell you that he loves you an his pa with all his heart , an to give his little brother an sister a hug an tell them to be strong now . i m so sorry for the pain this letter will cause an i will never forget your son s face or his courage for as long as i live . newline newline william mcintyrea metallic door slides open . i walk into a room that was without walls . a plain , white chair sat in the middle . i ve been told that everyone s room is different . no one knows for sure though , it s forbidden to speak about the test to others . newline the voice fills into the room ,  welcome viktor .  my forehead s perspiration glands kick in . it s the same prerecorded voice that they use for the teachers at school . genderless , robotic it reverberates through the room .  please take a seat . your test will begin shortly .  i take my place in the chair . a small podium with a touch screen emerges from the floor in front of me .  you will have 20 minutes to complete 200 multiple choice questions . begin .  newline newline frozen , i sit motionless  200 questions  echoes in my cranium . my heart is pulsing  my lungs are breathless .  16 minutes remaining ,  i feel my hand twitch up and it starts answer questions . my eyes scan through the questions and i tap the best option without putting in another thought . as i round off the 50th question the voice comes back on  5 minutes remaining .  newline newline i m taken over by something . i begin shredding through questions without even reading them . i m at the 170th questions when the voice plays  1 minute remaining , please stay seated once the test is over .  tears fill my field of vision as i keep trying to power through . my parents are nt going to have any grandkids . liz is gon na be devastated , i do nt know if she will be able to handle it . the screen freezes as i answer the 190th question . the podium deceases back into the floor .  please wait while we compute your score .  i begin to grow light headed . the floor meets my head as i slip out of the seats not seeing anything but water in front of me . it all goes black . are you buying that or what ?  newline newline my brain clicked back into the present . newline newline  um ,  i said quietly ,  pardon ?  newline newline  the groceries ,  she said ,  are you buying them ?  newline newline  oh , yes ,  i said .  debit , please .  i flashed a silver piece of plastic . newline newline the sound of children s laughter yanked my gaze to the right . avarie and abigail had pulled boxes out of the cardboard bin  they were wearing them like suits of armour . newline newline  your pin , sir ?  newline newline  right ,  i said ,  sorry .  i pressed four magic numbers . newline newline  daddy , look ! i m a dragon !  abigail was on all fours . only her hands and feet were visible beneath a square , brown , corrugated box . i smiled . newline newline  scary !  i said . i moved to the end of the conveyor and started bagging dinner . newline newline  newline you can use this . it s really hard to communicate an ideastory with 100 words ! good challenge , thanks : how did this happen ? you would think that the president of the united states would be playing on private servers with other foreign leaders , but no here he was playing the new black ops in the public server . i only realized this when i tore him apart with my smg and shouted  suck it n00b !  he responded ,  aalet me be clear . that is the last  that is the last time you will be able to ...  when his audio cut out . i love getting to hear my enemies after i kill them it s always hilarious . newline newline i quickly looked down at the sidebar where the gamertag of the last enemy killed was listed next to who killed them and how . tehldroftehfreewrld , was just ripped apart by xxxgitsum4206969xxx s submachine gun . i commit that tag to memory , targeting him . soon after i was able to stick him with semtex , as i saw the explosion i shouted ,  shit , you flew up faster than the unemployment rate !  he responded in his usual cool collected voice ,  actually unemployment has fallen under my most re   cut off again by the time limit . newline newline stalking him around the map continued for the duration of the match . the more i killed him the more i shouted things like ,  how s that for fast and furious ?  or  aww is this too much gun violence for you ? are you going to try to take these guns too ?  or  you crashed faster than the economy !  or even ,  it s like shooting the ambassador in benghazi ! no resistance !  as the assault continued , i could hear the president getting angrier and angrier . after the last one he nearly shouted ,  alalright that s just in poor taste .  finally i ran along the wall behind the unsuspecting president and put him down yet again .  i m like lee harvey oswald !  i shouted as the final killcam showed the events that had transpired . the score came up just after . i led my team with 36 kills and seven deaths . obama had one kill and forty deaths . newline newline as the screen flipped back to matchmaking , obama spoke , finally not getting cut off by the time limit . i heard his voice loud and clear through my headset .  listen jason ,  he started almost menacingly . i started rifling through my brain trying to figure out how he had learned my name . i had nt said it , nor had any of my friends joined the game . as i worried , he continued ,  this game was a lot of fun ! maybe i ll get to be as good as you someday !  newline newline  i do nt believe it .  mark said as he attempted to quickscope me .  it s true ! he even added me ! look !  jason pressed the xbox button and clicked on friends . he searched for tehldroftehfreewrld , but found nothing .  bbut i swear he ...  i stammered as he looked in disbelief .  yeah i m sure ,  mark said as he picked up his backpack .  i got ta get home , my mom sent like fifty texts . i m probably grounded now .  he sighed .  see you tomorrow .  he said as he left the room . and as soon as he did , i received a pm from tehldroftehfreewrld . it said ,  no one will ever believe you .  bo  newline newline i saw mark at school the next day .  hey man , how much trouble did you get in ?  i asked as we sat down before class .  it was the weirdest thing . mom said she never text me . and when i opened my phone to show her , all of the texts were gone , including the one where i told her i was on my way ...  he answered obviously confused .  that is really weird ... oh yeah ! i almost forgot ! i got a pm from tehldroftehfreewrld ! it said , no one is going to believe you  or something like that .  i nearly shouted .  you know , its mean to lie , especially about something so stupid , jason .  mark answered annoyed .  i ll prove it to you ! come to my place after school .  i shot back . after school we both went to my house . when i pulled up my pms , obama s was gone .the treasure hunters gathered around a small fire to discuss their plans for the next day . newline newline  johnson !  the inpromptu leader demanded . newline newline  yes ?  johnson quickly replied with a stern look on his face . newline newline  ya ll worked for the hydro company supplying electricity to this whole region before it happened ? did nt ya ll ?  newline newline  why yes . weall serviced the kentucky region , but why does that matter sir ?  newline newline  well johnson , weall gon na need you to turn off the switch that powers ft. knox . can you do that ?  newline newline johnson , a bit startled by the commonsensical nature of his leaders request replied ,  well yeh , yeah i can do that .  newline newline  good ! once the secondary generator runs out of fuel , weall just hoosey along in and take all the gold we want !  newline newline it was the unremarkable forsight of ft. knox planners that failed to envision a world where electricity would nt be easily accessible . therefore , all the defense systems automated with advance computer systems and the most expensive weaponary were useless without a continuous power supply . newline newline johnson flipped the switch to the off position the next day , effectively turning off the remaining power . newline newlinethe angry sound of keystrokes had awoken the black dog in the corner . she whimpered as she knew it was going to be a long night for her best friend . newline newline he was reading his own writing out loud now . as always , his voice was slowly climbing the ladder of octaves as the night wore on , the tone more exasperated and hurried .  no good osama ... oops i mean obama ! !  he furiously wrote on the yahoo article . his brow slightly furrowed when he realized that no one might even see it given the 236 other comments . clearly an article of great importance . he had forgotten what it was even about . he scrolled up , saw the word kardashian and let out a sulphurous belch . she should be mine !  , he thought . the poor dog heard his thought  or perhaps the belch  , and whimpered again . newline newline his mouse dashed wayward furiously  years of digital abuse had left it imprecise and unable to muster more than an plfffff when pressed . the last time it actually clicked was probably 1991 . newline newline so much had changed . he had originally started doing this for fun , tempted by his adversaries and the prospects of laughing at peoples  reactions . but now things were different . his approval rating was plummeting . his own people , the ones who elected him , were now turning against him as the economy faltered and as serious foreign policy issues took their toll . now , he was looking for approval any place he could find it . and where better than online  yes , he had joined the brotherhood of antiobama commenters . he was an expert and cooked his comments like a perfectlydone rotisserie chicken : never overdone , never raw , always packed with a punch and a lemonzingy undertone . his lineup was dependable and predictable : his kenyan birth , his striving to erase the 2nd amendment , his blackness , his middle name . his comments were littered with unintentional grammatical mistakes . once , a fellow poster had made fun of him for this , but after a realistic threat to judochop his entire extended family , the other user had ceased his online activities . newline newline he loaded his next yahoo article but was sidetracked by a website claiming to reveal the reason why dermatologists hate her ! newline newline he heard a rustle in the next room , and then soft footsteps headed towards him . he knew what this meant . bedtime . newline newline  enough for tonight ,  she said , her voice a tired but caring melody ,  come to bed , vladimir .  you  re not understanding me.  newline newline cael readjusts himself on the stool , the chipped wood nearly puncturing his jeans . the bottles stacked in front of him rattle as he tipsily bumps his knee on the bar . newline newline  i  m not just telling you i saw it on tv . the documentaries , the history channel specials , they  re all good entertainment.  he lifts the shot glass in his hand and downs the dark liquid . through a small cough and painful smile ,  you don  t know shit.  newline newline  just leave him alone.  newline newline the bartender reaches for the empty bottles .  all this guy likes to do is stir up trouble.  he grabs the shot glass from cael  s hand and walks towards the bar sink .  i  d kick him out if he wasn  t my main source of income.  newline newline  you couldn  t kick me out of here if you tried , marty . i  ve already told you , i studied martial arts with bartonwright himself.  newline newline marty looks back and chuckles through his thick moustache .  impressive . i learned how to make an old fashioned from the late great tits mcgee.  newline newline  fuck you , marty.  newline newline i sip at my water for a few minutes , muted tv  s providing more light than the dirty light bulbs . the silence was deafening as i pretended to check a message on my phone . i had so many questions for him , but didn  t want to spark an already agitated drunk man . newline newline cael leaned his head back and closed his eyes , engulfing himself in the still moment . newline newline  some might see what i have as a gift.  newline newline i reach to his lure , knowing he  s looking to reel me back in .  sounds like a life without dying is a pretty good deal.  i mumbled through the sentence with a whiskeytinged mouth . i might as well keep him going . don  t think i can drive yet . newline newline  it  s a fucking nightmare.  he opens his eyes , staring blankly at ceiling fan . newline newline a short hissing sound followed by a small metal clank breaks his gaze as marty drops another beer into cael  s reach .  last one , then you  re out of here.  he nods and lifts it to his face as if the cool bottle were a vice for his personal hell . newline newline  you married ?  cael exclaimed , as if to punctuate the previous topic . newline i look down at the pale skin of my finger where my ring used to be .  been twice , but neither took.  newline newline  any kids ?  newline newline  a daughter . addison . turns five this month . you ?  newline newline cael  s gaze falls to the scar on the back of the hand holding his beer .  yeah.  newline newline we sat again in silence , only hearing marty  s rag squeak as he dried off glasses by the sink . i took his short answer as a sign to stop asking . newline newline i tried to lighten the mood once again .  so , you must be a rich guy . that bar tab won  t be cheap.  newline newline he looked right at me , back and forth between my eyes trying to keep focus .  money isn  t important.  cael finally said .  money has a limit . it has value . i can run out.  newline newline  isn  t that a bad thing ?  i questioned .  some people spend their whole lives filling their pockets.  newline newline  if something has an end , you appreciate it . you dread the day it  s no longer there . you  re left wanting more.  he lifts his beer for another swig .  when there  s limitless ocean , you dream of dry land.  newline newline i didn  t understand him , but nodded and looked back to my water . newline newline  alright boys , i  ve tried to stay as long as i could ,  marty lifts his hands .  i  m out of things to clean.  newline newline newline i stumble out to my car as marty locks the door behind us . focusing on every little detail in order to sober up , i notice cael walking down the gravel driveway to the road . newline newline  no car ?  i shout . newline newline without even turning , cael lifts his half full bottle .  never like riding in those damn things.  newline newline  you sure ? this is the only place for a few miles . it  d take you forever to get to town .  newline newline cael stops and looks back . he smiles , drinks the rest of his beer , and throws it into the woods . newline newline  i  ve got all the time in the world.  newlinei should nt have eaten so much taco bell for lunch . newline newline all afternoon i felt a pressure building in my gut . as i left the office , i debated crapping before i left , but decided i d much rather do the deed on my home turf . newline newline i sat in traffic for what felt like hours . the pressure built to an almost unbearable level . newline newline when i finally got home , i bolted from my car like an olympic sprinter . i parked on the curb and sprinted across the lawn . if i had not been so focused on evacuating my bowels , i might have noticed that an unfamiliar van was parked in my driveway or that the door was slightly ajar or that several of my most precious possessions were gone . but i did not . as i rushed into that bathroom and dropped my pants , all i could think about was sweet , sweet release . newline newline i am not in the habit of documenting my bowel movements , but if i were keeping a list of my top ten all time greatest shits , this one would have easily topped it . the feeling was literally orgasmic . i had never passed anything like this before . i moaned with pleasure , howled in agony , and wept in awe at the new and incredible sensations i was feeling . after i finished , i knew in my heart that i would nt even have to wipe . newline newline in a stupor , i stumbled to the kitchen , popped a bottle of champagne and opened a box of triscuit crackers to celebrate the lifechanging shit that had just gone down . newline newline just then , i heard a faint thud coming from my bathroom . probably just the house settling , but it made me realize that i had forgotten to flush in my postbowel movement ecstasy . newline newline as i walked towards the bathroom to flush , i heard another thud . this time i realized i was hearing footsteps . i grabbed the only candlestick that had nt been stolen and brandished it as i crept towards the cracked door . newline newline i silently opened the door , only to see a man clad headtotoe in black kneeling by my toilet with his sleeves rolled up taking my shit .it s been a month since it this blasted nightmare had started . nobody knows how it all started , nor how it spread so quickly . people had been saying it was an attack from another country , but this was different . newline newline i ve seen them with my own eyes . they do nt fight by conventional means , they fight like wild animals with a ravenous hunger . ever since that day , my sleeping hours are haunted with nightmares of what they ve done to the people around me . i wish i could forget the images and the agonising screams , but i ca nt . i m afraid of what s going to happen to me . newline newline i m running low on food and i ve already spent long enough camping here . it s time to move . i roll up my swag and strap it up , attaching it to my backpack . then i put the remaining of my belongings into my pack and sling it over my shoulder . newline newline i head out towards the local town . it s only a short hike . when i reach the town i scope it out , from a small hill just on the edge . there are very few around , which is good . i can sneak around them . i ve also spotted a supermarket , which will be my next scavenging target . newline newline i avoid a couple of small groups of them on the way there . this is going better than i had expected . when i arrive i notice that there is still quite a bit of stock on the shelves here . it does nt seem to be scavenged all that much . great for me . i go in and scope it out . it seems to be clear , so i head towards the isle with all the canned food . i set my pack down and open it up , stuffing cans of beans , spaghetti and various fruits . i suddenly lose my balance and fall onto the shelve . it collapses with my weight on it and cans fall off hitting the ground , making semi loud noises . damn , i get up and take a quick look around . i do nt think any heard . this should be all i need for my trip . i start heading toward the door and i hear a window shatter . i move towards the front to scope it out . newline newline i look outside and see a small group heading towards here . so i turn around and head towards the back of the store to look for a back exit . it was nt hard to find but it s locked and the only way to unlock it is with a key . i did nt have enough time to look for a key because that group could be in the store at any moment . so i decide to kick the door down . i kick it down after a few tries , but there was one small problem . an alarm started blaring and that meant more would be coming . i race out the back exit and then around a corner towards the street . i peer around looking for a building to hide in . there s one a couple blocks down that seems like a good place to wait till this dies down . newline newline i make a dash towards the building , making sure to avoid any of the creatures lurking around , heading towards what could have been their next meal . i make one last look before i head into the building . it s a little dark in here due to the windows being boarded up . it looks like someone may have resided here before . though it looks like no one has touched this place in a while . i hear a sound up the hall . this could be bad , something might be lurking around . i pull out my knife and investigate the hall . there s three rooms down there and the sound was rather distant . so it must have been at the end of the hall . i do nt see anything . guess i better go up there and check . newline newline i slowly move up the hall peering into the other two rooms before i get to the last one . the door is half closed . i veer my head around the door and look in . i give it a good look and see nothing . guess i must ve imagined the sound . i turn around and see a silhouette . i feel a sharp pain on my jaw and i fall over to the ground , hitting the back of my head . my eyesight is blurry but i can hear one in front of me speak .  we have another survivor .  it was a man . i hear a more distant voice further down the hall .  knock him out and take him to the lab .  this time it was a woman . i suddenly feel pain on my forehead and everything goes dark . newline newline i woke up in a dimly lit room , lying on a matress . my head hurts .  you re finally awake .  i hear a voice from across the room . it sounded like that womans . as my eyes adjusted to the light , i could see she was wearing a labcoat . her face obscured by the shadows . i could also make out two other figures in the room , holding what looks to be weapons . the woman speaks again ,  we re you vaccinated within the last two months ?  i stayed slient for a moment , pondering the question . i replied  yes , i was .  she leaned back into her chair and said ,  quite odd , you should have turned by now .  turned ? what does she mean ? she continued ,  this is a rare occurence . normally by now the process would have started .  process ? i asked her ,  what process ?  in repsonse she said  the gestation of the virus and the eventual turning into one of the undead .  i asked ,  how does it happen ?  she replies ,  the vaccines that took place two months ago mutated into a virus . after it gestated , it laid dormant until a chemical that was either ingested or inhaled activated it . though the vaccines were nt the only way it was transmitted , eventually it got into the water supply , which would mean most of the populace got infected .  i pondered over what she had said . it would mean i m infected . and possibly all of them are . the woman gets up .  you shall confined to this room until we know what to do with you .  and with that she leaves the room with the two guards .i watched as the wizard floated away on his out of control hot air balloon . while everyone was screaming and being generally unhelpful , i thought of at least ten ways to stop his balloon from floating away without dorothy . my feelings for that sweet sweet woman made me keep my mouth shut , but then i realized that i actually thought of ten reasons . i have nt thought of anything in my life , at least not that i can remember . i was hoping that dorothy would decide to stay , and that our relationship could somehow grow . i knew deep down that it was impossible . even if she felt the way that i did , how could a scarecrow and a real live girl ever be together ? i will admit , when she left i felt sorrow , and grief , and heartache ... but that soon changed into something more painful . it made me bitter , and angry , and vengeful . newline newline with the wizard gone , i discovered a huge gap in the political power of oz . no one knew how to keep the whole city running . i became the interim wizard after convincing the townspeople that the wizard had wanted me to succeed him , which is why he gave me a brain . once i stood behind that royal green curtain , i knew this is where i was meant to be . i sent the tin man to witch s castle and had him round up all of the flying monkeys . i had the grooming team make lion look more feirce , and i placed him in charge of kingdom security . i needed him on my side  due to his sheer size , he was the only one among them that posed any real threat to me . i granted the lion the witch s estate as a reward for his loyalty . i also gave him two servants , eight flying monkeys , and a horse of a different color . the tin man was too consumed by his empathy to see past anything i did . at this point , he was basically an fully trusting puppet who was born to serve me . newline as the new wizard of oz i implemented a slightly altered set of rules . banning fire was the first , and i think most obvious choice . i m made of tinder as it is , and i would nt want the wizards heir to be destroyed by a mistake . i also made daily community singing tax deductible . for all the time you spend doing what you enjoy , as long as it benefits others , may be written off as charity . on my 188th day of rule the ground started shaking and the sky turned black . i looked up into the sky and saw a house spinning toward the ground . i had heard stories of what this might look like , but there is nothing to describe how terrifying a falling house can be . i quickly conjured up some spells that i learned from hermione s book and took aim at the house . i aimed it at the sky and let loose . the house disintegrated in seconds , along with anyone plans of living there .my native language is nt english . this is my first writing in years . please be honest , but a bit kind .  newline newline  good morning , mister richtig .  newline newline  oh please doctor , just call me gerald . everyone does .  newline newline it ai nt the first time the conversation starts like this , and it wo nt be the last . newline newline  as you wish , gerald . so , how can i help you ?  newline newline  doctor , i m troubled .  newline newline  how so ?  newline newline  there s this girl . well . woman . no , madame . no wait , yes . yes , she s a madame .  newline newline  can i know this madame  her name ?  newline newline  maybe later doctor .  newline newline  of course .  newline newline gerald sighs . newline newline  i do nt know doctor . it s eating me . i m not enough for her . she s so.. alive ! she s active , agressive , even . she embazzles me wherever i see her . i do nt see her often though . even though she s there a lot . well . maybe most of the times . or everytime . she s the world . if you see her doctor , you ll know what i mean . her eyes are filled with fury of the worst kind , yet her touch controls me . her hair smells like burnt ashes and darkness follows her where she goes . the world seems to bend where she is , my world at least does . i do nt know how but her words are filled with anger and hate and passion and love , all at the same time . she s the worst person i ve ever met , but her words are upright and true . it s not her fault . maybe it s mine . maybe . do nt blaim her , please .  newline newline  wow , gerald . that s something . the last time we talked about.. this person , you were afraid of her . how has that changed ?  newline newline gerald does nt seem to notice the doctor speaking and continues talking . newline newline  doctor . i do nt know how to say this , but i do nt know if i can live without her being here . the world just seems to bright . i cant.. i ...  newline newline gerald pauses for a moment . newline newline  she s the only thing that s real to me . truly doctor , i never know when i m living or dreaming , but when i m with her , it s ... real . life is real when she s around .  newline newline the doctor nods to a dark person , who is standing in the shadows . newline newline the doctor suddenly raises his voice and angerly screams . newline newline   gerald , bene vobis rem . et corpus est , ut hinc requies mea magna valde misericordia tua , et usque ad te a liberis . et iterum .   newline newline newline  hello ?  newline newline  hello .  newline newline  how are you ?  newline newline  fuck . i ve seen light . i ve seen it . yet i can not walk towards it , since it ll crush me . out of devine interest i have been walking . i have been crawling towards it . it burns me but he s so beautiful . he s so pure . his words are filled with kindness and his life is so fucking good . he shines like a fire but the only thing he burns is me . where he goes goodness follows . how pure can a person be ? how fucking pure ?  newline newline  may i call you by your name ?  newline newline  yes , doctor .  newline newline  miss falsch . you know the time is there , right ?  newline newline miss falsch sighs and slowly moves her chin towards the doctor . newline newline  yes , doctor . i know it s time .  newline newline  can you try to move into the light ? just one more time ? please ?  newline newline  no doctor . it ll kill me . it ll kill him too , i know .  newline newline in the corner of the eye of the doctor a tear starts to form . newline newline  but maybe . maybe it ll bring you together . maybe . ca nt you just try ?  newline newline  no . doctor . you promised me . it s time .  newline newline  then i ll let you two go . i must . i m sorry .  newline newline  do nt be , doctor . this ai nt the first body and it wo nt be the last .  newline newline suddenly the voice changes . newline newline  i m sorry about the killings . i had to give her time . i can not live without her . i still hope .  newline newline newline the doctor quietly walks out of the door and gives a hint to the black figure , which closes the door and starts the procedure . a soft singing of true voices starts to rise . it s the most peculiar combining of the pure , sound voice of an adolescent male and the develish , screaming cries of an adult woman . newline newline  now , tie my legs with leather . newline newline pull me neck towards the rope . newline newline why ca nt we just live together ? newline newline let me live , let me hope . newline newline newline the sun will shine newline newline and again will fall the rain .  newline newline female :  but as my wind will whine .  newline newline male :  so will my sun dance of pain .  newline newline newline  kill me . newline newline take me . newline newline love me . newline newline leave me .  newline newline newline  kill me . newline newline take me . newline newline love me . newline newline leave me .  newline newline newline newline newline  newline newline here lies the body of richard walker . newline newline now he may rest in peace . newline newline 1673 newlineso gorgeous , so majestic , so fuzzy .  newline newline my cat marjorie scratched at my door , blocked with a chair . how could i let her out ? i needed her to stay with me . she was , oh , so , fuzzy .  newline newline she stares at me with mournful eyes . such adorable round green eyes ! i just love it when she feels sad and vulnerable . it s like ... she needs someone . newline newline and that person will be me . newline newline she lets out a faint  meow .  such a cute cry ! and sitting on that chair , trying to claw her way out , she is oh , so , fuzzy .  newline newline so fuzzy ! so fuzzy . i just ca nt help it ! newline newline why are you screaming ? cute little cats should nt scream . newline newline but your squirming in my arms makes the fur rub all over me . so great ! so fuzzy ! newline newline i wish i could just keep you forever ! carry you with me all the time , to work , back home , have your fur in my face . like a kittyscarf . newline newline ah ! sometimes you re so cuute , i just want to eat you up . then all your protein would be integrated into me ! newline newline stop squirming and clawing ! i just want to hug you , like a teddy bear . you d be so nice , stuffed . so stop moving ! newline newline awww ... that s right . so obedient ! so fuzzy . newline newline this is the way you should be , silent , in my arms , fuzzy .  newline newline i love you , marjorie . that s why i killed you . newline newline newline newline  not exactly verbatim , but i figured changing the sentence to second person would be okay . the visitors area tried to be cheerier than it was . the walls were a pale lavender rather than the typical bleached white . the chairs were a similarly unexpected shade of orange , and the tables were a minimalist navy blue . newline newline she walked in , her cuffs shining in the harsh fluorescent lights . her hair was greasy , and her eyes were the uncaring blue of slowly melting sea ice . it looked halfway between a smile and bared teeth , the face she made towards me , but her eyes danced in their sockets like frightened insects . her handler gave her a not unkind shove towards me . newline newline she looked at me , her eyes quieting and slowing . now the doubt crept onto her face . i patted the seat next to me , and she gave the faintest of smiles . newline newline she alit on the seat gently , and said slowly , as though she had not spoken in months  thought later i would learn that was actually the case .   i am so sorry .  newline newline i was silent , and she continued .  about caleb ... i  newline newline  do nt say his name .  it slipped out of my mouth before i could stop myself , a jagged steel blade directed towards her heart . had nt she already been through enough ? i closed my eyes , and thought of my salvation . when i closed my eyes , i felt closer the last time i closed my eyes , he would finally be in front of me again . when i died , my boy would be by my side , and i could live again . newline newline i cleared my throat . no one would understand the weight of my loss , nor the feathery lightness of the unexpected gain . newline newline  let s see what we can do to get you out of here ...  which one is this ?  newline newline  it s , well , i do nt know , really .   newline newline  i thought you ve been collecting all of them recently , is nt that right ?  newline newline  yeah , man those are gon na be some awesome prizes !   newline newline  i have to disagree . we could get more .  newline newline  but why ? let s just bring these ones , and then we ll be done , and we ll see what we can do next , okay ?   newline newline  if you think this is something , then wait until you see what others have , eh ? it s waaaaay more than this .  newline newline  i do nt want to get too much stuff , then i ca nt store them properly .   newline newline a mysterious man walks in , and says  how much ?  newline newline  450 total . those are going to be really awesome prizes , do nt you think so ?   newline newline  yes , i especially like the way that third guy on the left was murdered .  he replies . newlineit was all over . i finally got away from them . all of them . no more parents telling me who i am , and who i could be . no more friends telling me that it was all going to work out in the end . finally , i would have peace . just a moments courage to end a wasted lifetime of trying to be good , doing everything everyone expected of me . they all expect so much . i keep telling them i m not ... i ve never been that strong . i have no money . i have no wife . i have nothing to show for all these years in this place . but it s all over now . i place my toes at the edge of the rock , looking at the last sunrise i am ever likely to see . it s beautiful here . beautiful and tragic . i wish ... i wish that i could have enjoyed it . but i will end my story the way i choose . newline newline  just what is it that you think you re doing out here ?  i ve never felt cold in a sound before , but there is no better way to describe the voice . i turn to my left . just a man . but he is not just a man . it was like all the cruelty in the world was vested in him . he was nt scary , per se . he looked like you or i . he had dark hair , his eyes green and deep , the kind of eyes you could drown in , if you were nt careful . he was nt clean shaven , but no one really cared about that these days . his clothes were dark , worn . the skin crinkled just at the corner of his eyes and his mouth , the wrinkles of a person who smiles perhaps a little too often . but here he was . beside me , soundless , staring , green eyes thoughtful . and i knew , beyond a shadow of a doubt , from the feeling forming in the pit of my stomach , from the way my skin was crawling , i knew exactly who was sitting beside me . newline newline  i know who you are ,  i stammered , stupidly . a soft chuckle escaped him .  well that saves us the boring custom of introduction , i suppose ,  he mused .  i suppose then you re wondering what i m doing here ? you re thinking , is this what it s like to die ?  , does he come to collect on every soul ?  , am i somehow ... special ?   . he sighs , turns those eyes on me , and i can feel him , looking straight down into me . there is no fault that is hidden from him .  the answer to all this is simply no . i do nt come to collect souls . even those that are particularly tantalizing . no , this is nt what it s like to die . death is pain .  he paused .  your species is nt ethereal , full of light , and love the way mine is . grace is not something you have attained in all your years of evolution , stumbling around stupid on this planet , no . you go out the way you came in . screaming . confused . and then all is blackness once more . your beauty i think , extends only to your frailty . your belief that you can make a difference in something that is so much larger than yourselves . and more so than that , that you can each do it individually . without each other , or god , or faith , or even love . and one by one , you pitch yourselves headfirst into the face of destiny and are surprised when she consumes you , forgets you . so no , my dear boy . you are not special . another you waits in the folds of time to carry a torch that you left burning . you will not be remembered .  his eyes turn back to gaze over the sunrise burning across the stones and plants scattered across the valley beneath us . newline newline i mull his words over . each barb of truth stinging more than the last . after the last of his poison finally sinks in , i exhale .  so then if all you say is true ... why are you here ?  he looks at me , his grin stretching ear to ear .  you re just like your father , you know that ?  my father ? what is that supposed to mean ?  oh do nt look so shocked . of course i know your father . i know everyone . as i was saying , you re just like him . have to know it all . figure everything out . and like him , you re not easily fooled . so i ll get straight to the point . i empathize with you .  newline  empathy ,  i snort ,  from you ? that s rich .  newline newline  you think i do nt have feelings too ? ahhh , that s right . i am the bad guys  bad guy . but , i can love . did love . and like you , i was merely a pawn in a scheme much larger than myself . but , i have my own scheme . and as much as i like to do things my way , it turns out , i need your help .  newline newline  my help ?  i look at him quizzically .  i ca nt help anyone .  newline  oh but you can . see , i can see my will done with or without you . but with you ? now that ... that would be the cosmic joke of all time . see , i need you to do what it is that you were born to do . so that i will have exactly what i need . such a small thing , really .  newline newline  a small thing . indeed .  i look at him disgusted .  if you know so much , then you know what they will do to me if i go back there .   yes ,  he breathes .  i know .  newline newline  then why ?  , i say . newline newline  because i can promise you that if you do this for me . i will punish everyone of them . all of them . for everything you endure , i can punish them .  newline newline punish them . all of them he says . suddenly , i realize that i want this more than death . more than anything , i want them all to pay . can he really give me this ? newline newline  and to do this ...  , i begin . newline newline  yes ,  he says ,  you must be crucified .  newline newline  and what will i tell them i was doing out here all this time ?  newline newline  tell them i offered you the world if you would only worship me . tell them you resisted . tell them not even the devil could sway your faith . you must remain the hero , after all .  newline newline  and you re sure you can win . you can really beat him ?  newline newline  oh yes ,  he grins ,  like you , they will see him for the sadist he is . they will shun you sacrifice , they will rape his image with greed and immorality , and they will make his perfect gift worthless . and that , my friend , will be the crowning touch .  newline newline i look at him . i feel vindicated , like i have some say in my own fate finally . a divine gift from the unlikeliest of sources .  get thee behind me satan ,  i grin .  we have work to do .  newline newlinesetting a brisk pace , i fall into stride with my new boss . it felt good to have the hustle and bustle of an office surrounding me again , albeit a bit unnerving since i d been out of steady work for months now . newline newline  so , how have you settled into your new office , jackson ?  newline newline i glance over at the slightly pudgy and kind face of a smiling mr. anthony patient .  as well as you can settle into a cubicle i suppose , but i would nt trade it for the world right now . really , anthony , thank you so much for offering me this job . i ca nt believe i m finally going to be able to see blaise graudate . she s been putting it off for months now , with her mother s hospital bills and all .  newline newline  college life is going to be easy for that girl after all she s been through . she deserves it . just consider it a gift , bud . it s the least i can do .  newline newline i nod my head and give him a small smile as we stop walking , having arrived at anthony s office door . he briefly pauses to fill a white , disposable styrofoam cup with a steaming black liquid from the office coffee pot sitting just outside . as the familiar smell fills my nostrils , he adds ,  do nt forget the meeting we have at ten ! i need you to pick up the quotes for the client early to make sure they look right , so after you drop your stuff off i need you to head over there now .  newline newline  absolutely ! just text me the address and i ll head out as soon as i can .  newline newline anthony reaches down to his left pant pocket and pulls out a dirty and cracked iphone . his fingers briefly fly across it and i feel a buzz in my pocket . newline newline  got it !  i say as i briefly pat the pocket where i keep my phone . newline newline  see you at ten oclock sharp ,  he replies , opening his office door . newline newline as the door shuts behind him , i look at the address on the phone .  21st street , huh ?  i plug it into the directions app on my phone and see that it is about a forty five minute drive . key word : drive . ever since i could remember , i ve hated cars because of the images that haunt my dreams every night . newline newline a violent sound almost breaking my ear drums , accompanied by my tangled and broken body draped over the steering wheel  my own blood splattered and filling the cracks in the windshield . newline newline i shake my head , and run my hand over my eyes to bring myself to reality . i glance at my watch and my face grows cold as the color drains from it . it s already nine oclock . there s no way i can make it in time ... newline newline i remember a conversation anthony and i had earlier that week .  jackson , if i help you out , you ve got to promise me you are going to get over it . i ca nt hire someone who is afraid to get in a vehicle . we take business trips , we have deadlines . i m sorry , but i just ca nt justify hiring someone who ca nt do these things .  newline newline  anthony , you know me . i care way too much about anne and blaise . they need me , and i can do this for them . i ve been practicing driving again anyway ,  i lied , knowing that just the night before i had sat in the car for an hour just to find the courage to put the key in the ignition , and then scrambled out in a panic as it revved to life . newline newline shaking , my hand reaches for my back pocket and i check my wallet and find a couple crumpled twenty dollar bills inside . i stumble over to the elevator that will take me down to the first floor . luckily , no one else is inside and i lean heavily against the wall and take shallow breaths of air . i manage to calm myself down a little , and my breaths to get deeper and deeper . the elevator reaches it s destination and i walk out with very deliberate steps , reaching the glass front doors of the building . newline newline as i open them , an arid stench reaches my nostrils and the rambunctious atmosphere of stop and go traffic fills my ears . several yellow cabs immediately blare into my vision , and my knees go weak again . i do nt know if i can do this .my friends call me asshole newline newline newline virtues lost , in arms with death newline my innocence is put to rest newline with memory i shall do my best newline to be an obnoxious shit . newline newline no money or fame will change my mind , newline i m leaving decency far behind . newline when you re hungry , i ll say in kind newline  with a wink   i m hungry , too .  newline newline home ec sure was a blast , newline my favorite memory of past . newline  set the timers  teach would say in class , newline well i have some baked goods for you ...  newline newline last month my friend s father died . newline fodder for my mission , his death supplied . newline as poor zach cried and cried , newline i consoled ,  you re better than him anyway .  newline newline   newline newline note : not quite what you re looking for , i guess  nor is it that great  , but i had fun writing it .the first three were mostly considered an extremely unlikely coincidence . the police interviewed me , but my alibi was sound , and my scrawny build helped to show that i could never move the 250lb man in picture 3 . his name was james crane , perhaps it still is , i do nt really know any more . anyway , after several months people forgot about it whilst my camera gathered dust . it was only the other day that i took picture 4 . newline newline i was atop the bridge overlooking a large pedestrian walkway , you know the kind , shops on either side and no cars in the centre ? there must have been thousands of people on the street that day , it was boiling hot , sweat beaded on my forehead as i tried to catch the light in the right way . as i looked through the viewfinder it came , the perfect shot . the life of a city in one . women , children , families all walking with sun hats and tshirts , couples hand in hand , a small elderly couple sitting and eating an ice cream . it was perfect . i still remember the small boy with a red balloon , running around with a glee known only to children . newline newline click . as i lifted my head from the camera a deathly silence folded around me . the sound of my camera hitting the ground shook me to life . the street was desolate . the red balloon floated gently skyward . newline newline  i have no more time to write but i might continue this later on . youth , they say , is wasted on the young . whoever  they  is probably never saw a corpse like this . newline newline at first , it was just another way to get high . the kids called it  burst  for that burst of energy and euphoria . like a lucid dream , burst gave you control over the universe , and did nt kick so hard as you came down . newline newline  jesus , what the fuck is that ?  i turn toward the voice , and see a freshfaced rookie choking back vomit while the tech is lining up photos of something sticky . it s an eyeball , but i do nt feel a particular need to share that with anyone . newline newline the fellas in narcotics still do nt know who started making those little red pills , but it was nt long before every chemist in the greater miami area started synthesizing knockoffs . in six months , it had completely replaced ecstasy as the goto club drug . in a year , sales and possession charges were almost entirely burstrelated . that was 10 years ago , and i ca nt remember meeting anyone on anything but burst in the decade since . newline newline of course , now they call it fountain , and now it is nt just club kids . newline newline the rookie excuses himself . he s not going to make it to a bathroom . does nt make a difference to the clean up crew , just one more thing to mop up . the landlord is probably contemplating striking a match and letting the building go up in smoke . ca nt say i blame him . leave a body like this long enough and the smell seeps into the concrete . newline newline eight years ago , all other addictions disappeared . crack , meth , heroin , all pretty much dried up overnight . even sales for cigarettes and booze plummeted . no withdrawal , no jags or fevers . some doctors thought it might be a miracle cure . others were convinced that burst was simply more addictive than anything we d ever seen . the politicians started running victory laps for winning the war on drugs . some of them were more spry and energetic about it than others . newline newline about the same time the cartels were trying to figure out where their customers were going , the burstbums started noticing the other side effects . it s funny how you do nt notice yourself aging until you start going the other way . word spread quickly . prices soared with demand , and scientists around the world started a scramble to figure out how a little red pill was making junkies younger . pretty soon , some researcher managed to isolate and remove the stimulants and hallucinogens , and the clubdrug burst was rebranded as fountain . rebranded , like it s fucking sierra mist . still gets me . newline newline the tech motions to me that he s done taking photos . i can tell he s in no mood to talk , and i watch him leave without saying a word . i step closer to check things out , but i already know what went down . only two things do this to a person , and any acid that strong would have burned a hole in the floor . newline newline telomerase became a household word . i still do nt understand what it does , but i sure as shit know what happens when it does nt . first , your skin gets smoother and tighter . your muscles rejuvenate . you feel energized . you might not feel it , but your organs begin to rejuvenate as well . breathing gets easier , your metabolism speeds up , your eyesight improves . you do nt just look younger , you feel younger . you are younger . newline newline i notice a picture on the desk . cap , gown , two proud parents , and in the middle a preliquefied danny vargas . probably an early burstbum , although it s hard to tell without knowing how much he was taking . the deaging process affects everyone a little differently , but it always ends the same . i call it  terminal youth ,  but nobody else seems to think that s clever . newline newline the older you are , the longer you have . someone else might call that irony , but i m not feeling particularly wry today . as fountain goes to work on your genes , your cells get younger as they multiply . the older your genes , the longer it takes before the cells start to revert to whatever they were before . you get younger , but your body does nt get smaller . you do nt get to climb back into the womb . newline newline  they  also say you can never go home again . newline newline first , the connective tissues turn to stem cells , followed by the larger organs . your skin starts to break down , and your nervous system starts to fall apart . sometimes the lesions come first , sometimes it s the shakes . once the memory goes , you ve got maybe a week to set your affairs in order , if you can remember where they are . it s a painless way to go , at least that s the theory . newline newline i pull up the file on my tab . danny was young , 32 according to his license , so terminal youth came quickly . bank records seem to indicate that he s been hooked for about three years . i was wrong about being a burstbum . he must have been taking a ton of fountain . his social record has an increasing number of photos that document his deaging progress . i flip through a recent series of selfies , drinking with friends , shirtless on a beach , one with a girl on his arm , and another with a different girl , all within the last 6 months . i wonder if he had heard the rumors , if he knew what was coming and just did nt care . terminal youth has nt hit the mainstream news feeds yet . i should probably ask my therapist why i care so much about getting to name this . newline newline the rookie is back now , wiping his mouth on his sleeve . i do him the courtesy of ignoring him , but the silence seems to bother him . he blurts out ,  man , i thought i d seen some shit , but this is a whole nother level of fucked up .  i nod and mutter that it comes with being a cop . he seems to take offense .  i saw a convoy hit an ied in fallujah . never saw no goopy shit like this .  newline newline it takes a minute before it hits me . fallujah ? how old are you ? his jaw tightens , and he just glares at me . he looks down at the stain formerly known as daniel vargas , and i think i can see the rookie s hand tremble .the champagne bubbled in its glass , a happy froth that mimicked the warm atmosphere within the club room . it made me feel like i had just entered a prestigious club from the cold new york winter night , which had bit and stung at every opening in my coat . longing for the cheerfulness of the drink , i took it and drank . newline newline the light feeling of the champagne instantly flowed through me . it was like classical music , maybe mozart s turkish march , easing its way through my body . each little bubble of carbonation felt like a small bump in the beat of the music , punctuating each accent . as i swirled the liquid in my mouth , i felt the light burn of the carbonation in my mouth as well , a light burn that i can only liken to slowly lowering yourself in a hot bath and enjoying the feeling of relaxation that it brings . newline newline i also taste the sweetness of champagne , a sweetness that reminds me of my exgirlfriend . it tastes joyful , which may be a strange sensation to describe , but it tastes like happiness while not going all the way to the almost fake , saccharine flavor . the sweetness tastes like the light brown of maple syrup , like nostalgic times in the past when i helped my father with labor on the farm . times before i came to new york city . newline newline as i swallow , i feel formal . that may be a weird sensation to feel , but the drinking an expensive drink made me feel like i was in an expensive club surrounded by expensive people and their expensive escorts , which of course certainly made me feel like i was in a professional environment like one of those fancy clubs upstate  certainly not in one of those hazy , smoke filled clubs down in columbia or my hometown . newline newline and then the feeling ended . i returned to my present surroundings a table with a glass and no other presence around . i groaned and poured myself another glass . gods , i hated mondays .tired .  newline that is the most appropriate description of the condition of my being . my body . my mind . whatever nebulous thing it is we call a soul . all of ittired .  newline i recently celebrated my 150th birthday . more precisely , my doctors celebrated my birthday , drinking champagne and toasting to  the stunning progress of medical technology.  quite often they  d sung this term of worship to their sterile , manufactured gods . i  ve long known it  s nothing more than feigned modestyan expression of the pride they feel for every day that their surgeries and therapies and medicines and electricallyanimate idols have prolonged my banal existence . somehow , only my banal existence . newline people called me blessed , told me i  d been given  the gift of life ,  asked me for secrets to health and prosperity . i read their letters and spat at their signatures from the mattress i  d tried to rot on for 60 bedridden years . newline though , my bitterness is not reserved for them . nor is it reserved for any given entity , real , conceptual , or otherwise . my bitterness is toward the whole of itthese people that live and , more blessedly , die around me  the constant  progress  of technology toward an everfleeting end  this universe that lets energy change forms , but never be extinguished . does no one see the pillow that death offers a tired head ? does no one question the rationality of prolonging life simply for the sake of prolonging life ? does nothing understand my weariness ? newline newline i can not blame my doctors for my exhaustinglyextended life . nothing will let me die . when i was younger , it was lastminute epiphanies of the beauty of life . it was friends that showed up with loving words and wet eyes . it was an expression of pride from dad or a hug from mom . newline it was something that made me love life for a bit longer . newline as i got older , it was a gun that wouldn  t fire . it was a wrist that wouldn  t bleed . it was a cop that brokedown my door before the pills could digest . newline it was something that made me want it more . newline i long ago decided to acquiesce with reality . i can not die . newline newline but , now , i am happy . genuinely happy . a feeling amplified in magnitude by the decades it  s been since i  ve last felt it pervade my being . newline this might finally be the solution .  newline in truth , the answer had come from my own mind . the dreary depths of my existential contemplations had finally produced a diamond  one so dirtcovered and blackened that most could never recognize the beauty that a bit of careful polishing could elicit . newline there  s no need for my body to die . newline i need to die . newline i am a story waiting for the last period . i am a character forged from a plot i did not author . i am that which has something more to be . newline soon , i will again be nothing . newline it should have been obvious to me . who am i in dreamless sleep ? who am i when utterly enraptured by a moment of sensual bliss or agony ? who am i when there is nothing left to be thought about ? fundamentally , i am nothing . newline i can not kill my body , but i do not need to . newline i need to kill my identity . newline newline  so it  s like you  re shoving me back into my mother ?  my vocalizationmachine sounded . i hadn  t spoken since i was a younger man112 . people have asked if it  s a strange feeling , having my thoughts processed as electronic signals , and , when willed , amplified through a speaker . i ask if it feels strange when a thought leaves one  s head by way of mouth and tongueonly when one actually considers the process . newline  ha ! you never did lose your sense of humor !  the scientist laughed . newline fuck off . that was the most fitting description i could think of .  my vocalizationmachine kept the thought muted . newline instead , i questioned ,  it meets all of the conditions i specified ?  newline  perfectly . you will experience no sensory stimulation whatsoever . the temperature is such that you  ll feel neither warm nor cold  the properties of the suspensionfluid such that no external pressure waves can be carried to your ears , nor can any internal motion produce a sound . your digestive and respiratory processes will be closely monitored and provided for . you will never again know hunger , shortage of breath , the runs , or constipation !  newline something in me smiled at that last part . not my mouth , but something . newline  your thoughts and emotions , however , those i can not speak for.  newline  i can take care of that part myself.  newline  i suppose you  ll have to.  newline newline he explained the thing to me as a biomechanical chamber , nearly selfsustainingthe energy still had to come from an external source . a complex system of organic compounds and computers would surround and connect to my body , constantly monitoring my vital conditions and providing for me accordingly . i just needed to be hookedin and my body would never , in any regard , experience surplus or deficit . i would be aristotle  s perfect mean  the buddha  s middleway . i would be all the unity and balance of the universe in one desperate microcosm . newline newline i felt the rare sensation of air flowing across the back of my neck , torso , and legs as my body was lifted and transported to the machine that i hoped would be my grave . i was given no tombstone . i had , in fact , turned down countless requests for one from various corporations and religious organizationsthe difference between the representatives only ever discernable through title and attire . they offered me huge sums of money to have their messages preserved on the exterior of my biomechanical resting place . newline money .  can you believe that ? newline i told them to immolate the bills and pissout the flames . i held no reverence for their paper deities when i had a use for them , and my forthcoming oblivion ushered in no resurgence of piety . newline newline ultimately , it was decided that my tomb would bear only the name i  d chosen for it : moksha .  newline newline it was odd being present for my own funeral , and nothing felt odd after a centuryandahalf of conscious experience . the team of doctors and scientists who  d studied me and kept me alive  or been the puppets of a universe that wanted me alivei am still unable to say which is more accurate  stood together dressed in black suits . i  d only ever seen them in white coats . newline they had already made suremade damn surethat any data they could gather about me and my rare condition had been collected . of course , they still had questions . newline  how are you feeling ?  newline   so good i could die.   newline  do you think you  re ready ?  newline   to sit motionless for eternity ? i  ve been practicing for decades.   newline  are you scared ?  newline      newline  are y  newline   only that it won  t end.   newline newline before they delivered me to moksha , i was asked if i had any questions . there was only one , asked innumerable times but never answered . newline   why is it only me that never dies ?   newline one of the doctors sighed . newline  i don  t know . this is your unique experience of whatever we mean by  life  .  newline their drugs gently slipped my mind toward unconscious sleep . when i awoke , my thoughts echoed in the emptiest of voids . newline newline all i have now in moksha is thought . this is my unique experience . thoughts about thoughts about thoughts they all seemed so meaningful and profound until they became all that i had . now , i simply get lost in them , caughtup as if in a dream , only to be wokenup by a tangential thought that carries me to new ideas . old thoughts fade like the wake from a ship . where do they go ? what a silly question what a novel idea newline like the idea that got me here ! kill my identity . ha !  my  as if there  s ownership to an idea as if that metaphorical diamond i  d found was anything more than a semicoherent reordering of words i  d heard from alan watts , sartre , nietzsche , buddha , jesus , camus , eckhart , huxley , and those philosophy majors i got high with in college we  re similar to diamonds , us selfaware beingswe  re just structures of carbon that found ourselves in an environment with too much pressure to be left unchanged  too much pressure to not become something greater . a diamond may never be anything more than the carbon it formed from , but , my god , is it beautiful when enlivened by light . like light , i ha such a strange notion i like a word that sounds more and more foreign as you repeat it newline i newline i newline i newline aye newline eye newline igh newline ight newline light is everywhere . newline there is nothing apart from light . newline and this warmth . newline and some distant thought of identity , already fading like the wake from a ship . some complex example i  d created . it had almost seemed profound . but identity was nothing more than some conglomeration of sensations and feelings is nothing more than everything else so simple newline the warmth is changing . it  s as if there are differences in the heat . has this distinction always existed ? and the light seems fragmented now pure white broken into blots and shaped sections , ripped from the united spectrum . how can they exist apart from the whole ? and pain . where had this come from ? pulling . twisting . trying to scream , but feeling fluid enter the vacuum in me . wasn  t there supposed to be no feeling ? only thoughts and emotions ? this is fear . no , no , no newline and , somehow , serenity . remember who i am .  iwhat a funny notion it  s nothing more than sensation ,  your unique experience of whatever we mean by  life  .  wewhat a funny notion . i thought there was only imy experience . but , then , what was causing this changing heat ? where were these feelings of pain coming from ? and these sounds that i did not produce newline  at 7.9 pounds  newline  he  s beautiful  newline  congratulations  newline  welcome to life , little guy  newline  a fourth baby boy , hazel ! here we go again  newline again newline againonce again i heard the knock at the door , and calmly left the office room in my house to go answer it . but it was not the front door i went to , nor the back door . instead , i went to the door leading to the basement . newline newline  who is it ?  i called out , even though there could only be a single person who could enter from my basement . but , it was better safe then sorry . newline newline  the machine needs to be washed  a voice said from the other side . confirming that it was the person i expected it to be , i opened the door , and came face to face with the man i had know for only a few minutes , and yet forever at the same time .  welcome back  i said . newline newline the grizzled man on the other side of the door , his clothes torn and tattered , looked up at me , and gave me a sincere smile .  i m home  said the time traveller . newline newline  dinner s on the table  i said , inviting him in .  it s been a while since we ve had a nice meal .  newline newline  ca nt  he groaned .  i got to go back soon , else they ll change everything again .  newline newline  i noticed .  i held up my wrist braclet . it was the only thing that the time traveller had ever given me , something that would allow me to notice when something had change in the timeline .  it s changed three times already . i m lucky to have a decent meal .  newline newline the man smiled at me , but it was a sad smile . could he tell what i was feeling now ? hoping to hide my feelings , i reached over to the bag near the door and handed it to him .  i wo nt waste your time then . here s food , first aid , tools , the usual .  newline newline  thanks  he said softly .  once again , i owe you one .  newline newline  it s nothing  i dismissed his gratitude .  now go . you have time disrupters to stop , do nt you ?  newline newline he left , but seemed torn at doing so . once he was gone , i let my smile slip , and went to the kitchen to eat . i could already feel the timeline start to change , and who knows when the i would next get a hot meal ? the past could change at any moment , and tomorrow would not be the same life i had been living today , or the day before . newline newline i could only do my best to help the one that could set it all right , the time traveller who came to me for help . i ca nt believe i did nt manage to find anyone . i mean.. what are the chances i m all alone ? i ca nt be . newline newline 43 years , i ve searched . i ve traveled and i ve looked everywhere . set up systems , left behind signs and letters for anyone who would read them , with the soul purpose of finding another person . somebody to be with , maybe make sure that we , as a species , can survive , even after my life ends . newline newline now i m lying here , on this bed i ve prepared months ago . too sick to walk , too sick to talk . the searching is over , i m no doctor , i ca nt help myself ... i ve failed but at least i know i ve tried eve  newline newline lawrence had to cough and he dropped his pencil . his hands were so weak he had difficulties picking it back up . he laid down his head and looked out the window to the left of him . he looked at the sun , the trees , the grass and a smile formed on his face . then , in the distance , he could see the silhouette of a person , running towards him . his eyes closed .he was so sad and so alone . newline newline his face was wrinkled . more lines than anyone will ever know again . i watched the passing of a titan . jared arthur shapiro , 19922098 . the last man to die of old age . newline newline i was his friend , caretaker , and comforter . you see , i work professionally as a researcher at dunham university studying old age . in this day and age it s hard to find subjects outside of textbooks , so i found jared . he was a rebel . a man who recognized immortality for what it was , a nightmare . you see , while we in the world do not wrinkle and our cells do not decay , everything else associated with it does . alzheimers and dementia still apply . newline newline i live in a world of amnesiacs . people whose memories have to be preserved on external drives , else they forget how to live . i myself am in need of a drive soon , says my doctor . i forgot who my wife was . jared was the only one who recognized this hell . newline newline i say he was alone and sad , but it was a joyful kind of sadness , the kind that you get when you know your life is coming to an end and you gracefully accept it . you know you will be missed , and yet you know that when it comes , you will ride on the wings of an eagle to the light and the love . it is that gorgeous inner peace that will not be known again on this earth . we traded that simple peace for eternal beauty . newline newline that was the kind of wisdom jared loved spouting . i knew him for the last 8 years of his life . he was in pretty bad shape when i went to interview him , because no one knew quite how to care for him anymore , it was a forgotten skill . the poor old man was falling apart at the seams . unable to leave his house , organs starting to fail , no bowel control , early stages of alzheimers , he was a wreck . i cleaned him up and helped him through his final years . because i , in my profession , knew how to care for him , i was his sole caretaker . newline newline even as his mind and body failed him , he was happy . jared took pleasure in the smallest , most unexpectedly beautiful things . flowers , tiny bites of chocolate , porn videos  which he though were marvelously funny . i remember we watched nine in a row together , hooting and hollering and throwing popcorn at the compuscreen i gave him  , being wheeled through his garden , even breathing . he took pleasure in breathing ! nobody else i know in this ultra modern age even bothers considering how breathing is what keeps us alive . how pleasant and blissful to take a deep breath on a cold spring morning . or how that thrill of catching your breath after running can feel down on a primal level . i am alive ! everyone does it automatically . not jared , no . maybe because it was the end of his life did he consider how important each breath was . newline newline i came in one morning to find him tired and stressed . he said he needed me there . it was the moment . each breath jared took was a gorgeous crystalline structure , it seemed to me , a precious thing . he whispered an amazing , poignant thank you to me for being there at the end of his time .  my god , could jared tell a story like no one in this age can . such a brilliant storyteller , such a master of that lost art . the story of the gun he kept in his desk was a favorite of mine .  newline newline following this , he thanks many people , unknown to me . this was the aloneness he emanated . his parents , friends , they had all gone . he was the last rebel . there was no place for him in this world . newline newline the final , joyful , peaceful breath escaped his slowly smiling lips . newline newline i called for a medbot . it was arbitrary . why had we done this ? it was the result of stupid famous people , needing to stay youthful forever . fuck them ! ! ! ! ! fuck them all ! ! ! ! ! ! why ? ! why did we need to never know death outside of murder and pain ? why ca nt we just peacefully move through lifelikeweshould ? newline newline i sighed , my rage passing . they medbot moves his still smiling body away . i walked through the door into his garden , the garden he loved to be wheeled through and i helped him tend . i took a deep long breath . here , far from the city , the air of jared s country home is loamy and rose scented . i glanced up at the sky and see an eagle flying through the blue into the great shining sun . for reasons intangible , i felt like it was doing this for the last time . newline newline farewell there , buddy i thought .i never thought that a girl this pretty would be tutoring me in math , while she was drunk . newline newline a year s gone by , and while college is fun , i do kind of miss her . newline newline she was so happy to find out that we were living just down the hall from each other . newline newline the only time i remember being genuinely happy was while watching movies in bed , with her wearing sweatpants and no makeup by my side . newline newline she tells me she loves me , but i know that i love her differently and that i m better off without her . newline newline i still think about her sometimes .it all started back in my first year of college , meeting new people was so exciting . i had always known that i was ... well ... different from others , but it was not untill i met them both that i learned what it was . newline newline two boys and each would chnge my life drastically , thomas aspired to become a photagrapher and mark wanted to be a journalist . they quickly found themselves rivals for my attention , who would have thought that i , kelly hansen , would manage to snare two guys at once . newline newline i was so excited , i felt so empowered like i had the power over two lives . of course i knew i would eventuallt have to choose one , but they both seemed obsessed with me . they did everything they could think of to win me over . newline newline thomas used me as his model for photo class , and mark trained interqeining people on me , at this point i soon learned who i liked the most . there was nothing else to it , mit would have to be mark . newline newline getting him to follow me out in the woods one night was easy , he d agree to anything i asked . i even got him to bring a camera . the hard part was to convince him about the fake hanging scheme , and how funnthat prank would be , but when smiled and batted my eyelashes at him he quickly arranged everything . newline newline as he hanged himself , thinking the false safty line would save him i felt truly alive for the first time in my life , i felt a pleasure akin to an orgasm , only better and i knew i had found my true calling in life . newline newline twenty minutes later i snuck into thomas dorm room , my choice now made , thomas would be my man in life . how happy we became , he even became the towns csi photographer and showed me all the pictures of my adventures !i found myself like many , curious . time seemed to fluctuate and as the existing paradigm broke down , and a new one arose , i knew i wanted to be part of it . newline newline in pockets , isolated ones , time would move the same . in others it leaped and some it slowed . these places would lead to new times , eras , alternate timelines  you needed only find the right pathway through that pocket . some were easy . second star to the right , straight on til morning . and the next day you were in a version of the world untouched by colonialism . it was odd . it was beautiful . it took so much patience and time , but was worth every second in terms of what we gained . newline newline some of us are travelling merchants . we ll move things for you , at a price . some of us can find cures for what ails you in worlds that did not exist due to one quirk of the time stream . the names we gave to each place  the library , the hospital  we chose places because otherwise it would be impossible to list them all . newline newline i worked  day and night  exposure to the pockets of time ruins your circadian rythyms , and messes up a number of natural processes , but i worked with goals in mind after the most recent revelation  that this may not last forever . i had grown attached to the feeling , of exploring , of travel to new worlds . the star was not crashed , it was merely passing through . newline newline i panicked , so much harder than i should have . i stole . i sold secrets . i worked for those seeking to contain the star . newline newline and just as it was , it was no more . the same day . the same hour . the same minute . i stared down at my coffee , still warm on the day of impact . i stood , poured it into the sink , and smashed the cup .voryn dagoth smiled behind his golden mask , jovial as always . the nerevarine had struck him down not a moment before . the duel had been long and arduous  the tunnel hallway it took place in widened considerably by both mage s considerable destruction magicka . newline newline in a climax of fury , nerevar had stripped his firecharred helmet and shield , cast a spell of luck , and thrown his spear as a javelin . the mundane missile flew true , impaling dagoth just below the neck . newline newline of course , dagoth had let it happen . his body crumpled and disappeared , taking nerevar s spear with it . newline newline as dagoth s body reassembled itself in red mountain s inner sanctum  nerevar stumbled into the same chamber , weak , drained of magicka , and now unarmed . newline newline dagoth immediately began gloating of his renewed advantage . newline newline  what a fool you are . i m a god ! how can you kill a god ? what a grand and intoxicating innoce ...  newline newline unlike before , nerevar paid no attention . instead , he pressed onwards towards the source of dagoth s power  the invulnerable heart of lorkan . newline newline for the first time in forgotten memory , dagoth ur felt fear . he willed his new body towards nerevar as fleet of godly foot as possible . how could he hope to harm the heart ? surely , nerevar could not have acquired ... newline newline but it was too late . nerevar had already drawn the only two tools in all of mundus capable of piercing the heart . newline newline dagoth screamed as a mortal man would  entirely too far away for even a god to stop his foe . newline newline  what are you doing ?  newline newline nerevar struck the heart with sunder first , and dagoth felt the hammer in his own body  a stunning blow more powerful and paralyzing than that of nerevar s spear only moments before . nerevar readied keening to stab the heart  turned and spoke for the first time since the duel began . newline newline  so how do you kill a god , you ask ...  newline newline  no .  newline newline  it s simple .  nerevar pierced the heart once . newline newline  stop .  newline newline  you take away the people s belief in him .  another gouge in the heart . newline newline  you fool !  newline newline  you disregard his evil works , put him on display ...  a deeper cut , in the abominable artifact heart . newline newline  you can not do this .  newline newline  ... so that all of morrowind knows of his naked sins against his former brethren .  both hands this time , nerevar plunged the dagger into the pulpy mess of magickal flesh . newline newline  vvardenfell is my kingdom , damned fool !  but dagoth could not move . newline newline  no ... vvardenfell belongs to her people .  newline newline nerevar had turned away from the crippled godhead . he struck the heart again and again and again and with each rend uttered the names of vvardenfell s great houses . newline newline  hllalu ! redoran ! telvanni !  newline newline  no stop no you fool !  newline newline again and again and again in the name of nerevar s friends . newline newline  sugar lips . caius . divayth . fargoth .  newline newline  damn you !  newline newline and upon the final blow  the end of a long , terrible journey , the heart exploded in a flash of white , taking nerevar and dagoth and the inner sanctum into nothingness beyond ... newline newline the beginning of the journey was the last nerevar spoke . newline newline  jiub . strained to the point of breaking , leo s brow broke with sweat as his typically threaded fingers slid into position . he spoke and drank power at the golden globes . there was no way they could take this away from him now , not with his typically threaded fingers sliding into position and locked with powerful awareness , calm , and wisdom . the lines faded from his face . newline newline his eyes glinted as they read the other names . costar kevin had already taken home quite the haul with both best song ,  it s jaymez , ll , but that s fine , i m just the hardest working man this side of your ... well , just this side of you .  leo smiled and nodded from his seat , though the cameras rarely turned his way these days . it had only grown darker since he d left johnny depp s poolhouse for the light of day and a job working alongside the target lady or whichever venice beach tramp they could wash up to stand next to him . nobody checks a bag like leo . nobody . wait . a bag , checking ? no way . filling . paper , plastic , your own weird local bag that nobody understands because they have nt been to the same place as you and you just started a conversation like you were from out of town . leo knew how to handle even the smallest of inconveniences , like whether or not his favorite flavor of chewing gum had been restocked since he d last moved one of the boxes to his car . newline newline madeline , the manager , totally wanted him , what with leonardo s smoking hot shoulder line impressing nearly every personal trainer he could ever get a free week from which was most of them given he asked for the week when he signed up for a month and never returned . the empty checking accounts were leo s secret and not even johnny depp could pull him from the endless abandon that felt like a red hot searing brand at the moment of climax , one that labeled him both leo and di , but not caprio because he thought that would take way too long to read or even write and for that matter ... . leo s tattoo was leo s . no one could take it away from him . newline newline in fact , it was maddy s idea that leo get back into acting with kevin in the first place . maddy said that leo did nt need all of those makeup artists , lighting professionals  for the brow  , sound guys and girls , and all kinds of groovy kids . i mean , what would the universe be without leo to say that his last name was dicaprio and that he could be someone other than the man that introduces himself with a handshake and perhaps a whiff of the strong drink on his breath , just like other strongly behaved men . newline newline that s what it was to put those hands together , to sit tight , and to wait in earnest patience . the slack jawed local yokel coffee shop forajokel they had holding the tiny bronzed man seemed totally uninterested in the fact that leo may or may not have been the next person to climb stairs for a treat . the treat must come later for them , the yokels , leo thought . his neighbor once showed him the pool behind his house and leo thought for a split second that an empty inflatable relaxing toy had been filled by james gandolfini and at least one of hugh hefner s personal playmates . then the neighbor asked leo if he wanted to have a swim , leaving leo to languish in thought for his customary two and a three quarters minutes , until leo replied  fuck no .  newline newline james gandolfini s name was read . it took about as long as you d expect it take him to find his seat afterward .  he is too charming ,  leo thought . his fingers loosened if only for a second . it was nt above him to clap and it was nt nearly enough of a piss break . he was happy to be back in time for the camera guy , wrongshouldertap , spin around and look refreshed , hair or not . was his goatee in check ? who the fuck cares , the network guy was happy . newline newline  and , of course , our meditationzenstylekungfualternativehiphopafficienadoraprockgroupeeneverforkidrockalwaysforbarbarellasea captain , leo ... do nt call him dicaprio if you want to know how he gets down babay , leo dicaprio , full name , you re welcome leo , hope you win .  newline newline  leo  newline newline leo looked up from his hands as they had come to rest in front of his face despite no resting platform for them . newline newline  leo  newline newline yes , he looked , but did nt nod . it was his custom to understand when his name was called . newline newline leo sprinted up to the stage . newline newline everyone cheered .they put me in the glass and i do not understand . longer ago than i can remember , i was taken from a group of my brothers , sisters , and friends to live with them . they tower up to heights that i can not see . newline newline there is no place to hide . i try , but when i do they strike the glass walls and the reverberations make my head pound . so i sit in full view and try to understand them . newline newline all i ever see are their strange appendages , much larger than my body . they throw a strange powdered food down to me and when i catch it they make odd noises , noises of a barbaric complexity and loud , loud like they always are . newline newline i thought several times of escaping , but there would be nowhere to go . also , they keep a beast that watches me  not as big as them , but infinitely more deadly and incomprehensible . it watches me with green and amber eyes and i can tell it wants to kill me , but my captors do not allow it . they keep it fed , and i shudder to think what will happen if i displease them . will they unleash the beast on me ? or is my fate much darker ? newline newline i see them when they feed , great massive animals burnt beyond recognition , but it is on fridays that i fear them most . friday is when they kill , cook , and eat something that looks very much like me , and i wonder when my turn will come .long ago , humanity developed a defense against their natural predators . at the time , we called it vision  and the name has nt changed much now . everyone is born with white eyes , and when you turn 18 , there s a reaction that occurs in your brain that shifts your eyes to a new color . we have the reds , capable of ferocious strength accompanied by an equally ferocious temper . the yellows , with their holierthanthou attitude and their control over the light . the blues are an odd bunch , they keep to themselves and do nt say much . their power was thought to only be absurdly high intellect , but it was discovered only recently that they can , with practice , affect the matter around them . once you stray from the pure colors , you ll see less power and more variety in abilities . surprisingly , it s not your parents or your personality that dictates what vision you will have , it s simply a genetic lottery . your personality only changes after the fact . for this reason , most parents excuse the rebellious nature of teens . newline newline i m 17 and turning 18 tomorrow . there s a lot of excitement and even more worry . will i be a different person after that day ? will i notice it ? who knows . we ve been prepared for this day all of our lives and have learned everything there is to know about vision . all of my friends have already begun their lives and left our teenage years behind them . i hate my parents for birthing me so late into the year . newline newline  remember son , we will always love you , no matter what color you get .  my father told me with his warm orange eyes . newline newline  mmmhm  my mother murmured in agreement . she did nt say much , but that was a lot from her as a blue . newline newline  thanks .  i said as i went into my room and let the day s worries drift away . newline newline in my sleep , i encountered something strange . an apparition . it was so plain in the white room that i stood in , and so out of place . it drifted menacingly upon me , leaving a dark stain on the perfect white walls . newline  what do you fear ?  it asked me . newline newline  what are you ?  was all my mind could say as a storm of questions passed through me . newline newline  surely you do not fear me ?  it asked .  have you ever looked at yourself clearly ?  newline newline as if i were under his suggestion , i turned my head to the conveniently placed mirror on the wall . without a moment s wait , the room went dark only to return to the way it was before my mysterious visitor barged in . what i saw in the mirror , however , was different . a complete , void of light , blackness had replaced by white eyes . and that too was fleeting as the black color drained out of my eyes to return to the white that had originally been there . newline newline  newline newline  this can not be .  my father spoke , mortified .  his eyes are still white , dear .  newline newline  council of the six  my mother declared with her weak voice . newline newline  this is a pile of crap !  newline newline boom ! newline newline a heap of dust polluted the air . the wind howled into the house through the gape left by my father s fist . newline newline and then , the dust slowed and stopped . my father slowed and stopped . the clock on the wall slowed and stopped . i got up to touch the frozen figures and could nt interact with them at all . as if this was nt strange enough , my friend  decided to pay a visit . newline newline  when all is still , is nt the world a lot less scary ?  the more humanlike apparition asked . newline newline  what are you ?  newline newline  a foolish question . let me show you .  newline newline it turned into a he . then a she . and finally , into me . newline newline  we did nt learn about this at school .  newline newline  that s because you re special . you won the lottery . you get to live with me .  newline newline  then how about you answer my question . what are you ?  newline newline  a consequence of a colorless brat , you fear that which you do not understand .  he carried on ,  instead , you should fear what you do .  newline newline  colorless ? so does that mean i really have no vision ?  newline newline  on the contrary , you have them all . your eyes are darker than mine .  it erupted into a laughter . newline newline  are my eyes black ?  newline newline  bravo . now , i m going to get you out of this , so sit back and watch .  newline newline the experience that followed was surreal . there are nt enough words to describe it . i was ripped from my body and replaced by it . when i looked down , i saw an equally disgusting black apparition . i looked up again to see a chord holding my current form to my body . newline newline  ah , i ve missed having a body .  newline newline and at that moment , my body s eyes turned purple and my mother shed a tear . newline newline  it seems he must have had a delayed reaction .  my father sighed in complete relief . newline newline they both made their way downstairs , happy to get back to their business . they were so ecstatic they forgot about the giant hole they left in my bedroom . newline newline  think about your eyes being purple and they will remain purple . but remember , you re a black now .  newline newline whoosh . newline newline i was pulled back into my body and felt the strange feeling of warmth again . however , there were two things that bothered me . my eyes were purple , and i felt an icy presence at the center of my chest . newline newline  my first time , be gentle !  newlinethey ve been here since the beginning . from the earliest lottos in old europe and even back to the ancient chinese dynasties , they ve been there . newline newline would you believe me if i told you that more that 60  of lottery winners are time travelers ? newline newline it was a few thousand years before we finally noticed them , though . only the best and the brightest made it to the earliest lottos in genoa , and we ve come to learn that the early ones mostly came for the experience . dilletantes . newline newline the professionals have been screwing us for years . the grift itself is pretty simple : you search a library or a history department for any information about an old lottery . the really good ones are encyclopedic about old lottery data . all the obvious scores , your mega millions , your national lotteries , they stay far away from those . those are easy marks , for us  we just wait around in plainclothes and ask the winner a few questions about current events . if he ca nt answer correctly , he s either an idiot or a time traveler . either way he s a dead man . newline newline no , see , the really good guys look for the smaller scores . nothing too big , a few hundred thousand here , a half million there . it s a numbers game to these guys , cause they know we re on to them by now . these are the guys that got started out before taking scores in the early days . before we caught on . before our patient zero , that socalled  luckiest woman in the world  . that mongoloid idiot joan ginther . newline newline i know the chronology is confusing , but try thinking about it backwards , like that movie memento . joan ginther was the earliest big lottery time traveler . she was nt the first , she was nt the stupidest , but she was the earliest in the big lottos , at least on our timeline . ok , let me start over . newline newline from the information our interrogations have given us , joan ginther was among the first people to use time travel to win lottos . time travel had just been invented , and this was before people could set up a loop to get back to their own time zone . you plugged in a date , went to your location , and that was it  you were there til your numbers came up . newline newline people had been hitting lottos earlier and earlier , and every time they did this it set the clocks back even further . by our intelligence reports , joan was a rather desperate lowlife individual , who had gotten into a bad way with some bad people who were coming after her family . newline newline joan knew about the lottery grift , and knew she d only have one shot . so she figured out when was the best opportunity to hit a big lotto and be able to get the money to her people in the future . then she made her jump . newline newline to be honest , we never would have caught on if she had nt gotten greedy . but when she won one , then two , then three , then four lottos in a row , we began to get suspicious . see , it turns out she d also looked up the locations of a few scratch off tickets around the same time , just in case something changed and the original lotto numbers did nt work . when she hit the money on her texas lotto ticket , she used that money to buy out entire stores of tickets . the exact stores she knew had the winning ticket . newline newline her money s all gone , by the way . that story is part of the gospel of being a lotto jumper , and so they figured out a way to seize her money about 20 years in the future . and it was me that put a bullet in her skull . newline newline our next target is supposed to make his jump around noon tomorrow , although we re not exactly sure where . when the call comes in to the lotto office , we ll send you out to investigate the claim . let me know if you find anything suspicious  we ll handle the rest from there . daddy , are we the bad guys ?  newline newline  we might be  his father said .  they were here first , after all , and they clearly do nt want us to be here .  newline newline  so why do nt we go somewhere else ?  the boy asked . newline newline  we ca nt ,  his father responded ,  there is nowhere else to go .  newline newline the boy frowned .  so why do nt they allow us to stay ?  newline newline  they ca nt , there is not enough food to support us both .  his face turned grim .  there are simply too many people here . if we do nt fight , we starve .  he put his hand on the boys shoulder .  i wish it were otherwise . now take some more practice shots . the sun may have been at its brightest that day . newline newline i could nt remember the last time that orb in the sky was this resplendent . i probably never paid enough attention . i mean ... have i ever ? i remained oblivious through most of my life . deaf to the words of my lovers , blind to the purity of nature . i spent my days in a haze . newline newline but i suppose twentyeight is the age where clarity decides to make an appearance . my brain might have just finished developing . either way , today marked the beginning . newline newline or rather , the end . newline newline one staircase of translucent glass led into the mouth of the ocean . a staircase of silver metal led into the spacious sky .  which to choose ,  i wondered ? i was fascinated to say the least . i had no idea that the side effects of my suicidal cocktail of medications would result in such a beautiful pathway to the afterlife . newline newline i ambled toward the seabound stairs . i knelt next to them . i cleared the sand that obscured the very first stair and observed the fish that freely swam beneath . my eyes traced the distant slabs of glass and without stepping in , i peered over . to my amazement , i saw a woman . she gently hovered in the ocean , naked , in a fetal position . between her arms and breast was a robin . she held it like a newborn . it did nt flap a single wing but it certainly seemed alive . its quiet gaze met my confounded eyes . newline newline i stood up .  up to door number 2 ,  i said to myself with a light chuckle . the other stairs were mere feet away . the enigmatic nature of this experience kept me high on curiosity , to say the least . newline newline they were nt transparent or even particularly beautiful . looking up , all i could discern was an endless fleet of peaceful clouds . time for the next step . newline newline with great hesitation , i placed my finger on a stair with a surgeon s delicate touch . a sensation rushed through me without warning . my vision brightened . my sense of hearing became attune to the crawling of the crabs among the infinite grains of sand . my heart beat in a melodic tune ... like a metronome took the place of this vital organ despite the adrenaline i felt . newline newline was it bliss ? or something much more difficult to obtain ? before long , i removed my finger . newline newline the sensations left me to feel a sober state once again . my head vacillated between the two stairs . back and forth , back and forth . then finally , my breath made its way into my chest and back out . my mind had been settled . newline newline  james ! ?  a distant voice exclaimed . the echo caressed my entire being . the waters of the ocean even rippled . the clouds parted slightly . newline newline  wake up !  the voice called . and in an instant , the sand became white dust , flowing into the beyond that occupied the landscape behind me . the entire world lost its essence . it became void . nothing but blankness soon surrounded me . i stood upon nothing . above me nothing . but in front of me ... newline newline  this will pass ! you re at st. joachim s hospital . i do nt know if you can hear me at all , but please , fully open your eyes ! ! you seem to be nearly in a damn seizure state with the way you re shaking ... please , do nt leave us all . you ... are ...  newline newline the decibels of his voice decreased . newline newline  y ... ou ... are ...  newline newline what was that ? newline newline  not alone .  but you must surely understand that this is not the medieval anymore ?  mr. caralhaw adjusted his glasses and shot his client a skeptic look . newline newline  i know , i know  , his client sighed . he had expected this shit , nobody understood him anymore .  but nobody understands me anymore  , he said .  they do nt know what they re getting when they buy into my brand . it s almost like they think i m into mindfulness or something these days.  newline newline  well , are nt you ?  mr. caralhaw sounded genuinely surprised . newline newline his client fixed him with his coldest stare . he was quite proud of it , actually . had taken him several hours in front of the mirror over the years .  no , i m not.  he decided to change the subject .  anyway , i m fine with getting the crazies , i ve always liked them . but recently , i only seem to attract the most narcissistic crazies , those who do nt do any worshiping and hardly even burn churches anymore . can you imagine ?  he was genuinely upset now . newline newline  yes , unfortunately we seem to have had a steady decline in the worshiping and burning of churches since the eighties . those inclined to adoration of the supernal seem to have moved their activities in more ... celestial directions . things are not what they used to be.  newline newline  you re not kidding  , his client exclaimed .  i thought that i could take some time off to prepare for the new baby , but obviously that was asking for too much . after all this time and work ...  newline newline mr. caralhaw dared a faint smile .  well , yes , parenting often affects the career negatively , i m afraid . but let s focus on solutions now ...  he looked through his papers again .  i have created a suggestion for a model that i think will appeal to the target group s sense of self worth , while still leaving space for the acknowledgement of higher powers . would you please have a look at   newline newline  no  , his client said sharply .  i will not cater to those megalomanic goodfornothings anymore . the customers of the rivaling firm at least remained loyal to the brand while the ceo was on infant care leave . never mind that they slaughtered the brat later . my own clients would nt even cut me that much slack . so much for that allegiance ...  newline newline  so ... what will you do ?  mr. caralhaw was frustrated to see two weeks  worth of work being thus brushed aside without the slightest consideration , but of course he concealed his feelings carefully . newline newline  i will leave them to their deluded practices for the time being . i m needed elsewhere , i have to take care of my family . but when the baby has come and i m back at the office , i will conduct an exhaustive revision of the organization . ineffective people and programs will be weeded out and replaced . i will rain fire upon my socalled followers and slaughter them in their beds . i will tear down their puny altars to themselves . and then i will start from scratch.  he rose from his chair and collected his jacket and his briefcase . newline newline  are you sure you want to engage in such a thorough reorganization ? it will require both time and funds , and   newline newline  yes , i m sure . this will soon turn into a family business , and i want to be able to pass on something solid to my son . good day , mr. caralhaw . thank you for your time.  and with that , satan opened the door and left the office . newline newline mr. caralhaw remained behind his desk , wearily looking down at all his futile work and wondering , not for the first time , why he even bothered . newline newline  newline voeko  http : thesegrainsofsand.com newlinei waited in front of the tall mahogany doors with the other recruits . no one spoke . there were twelve of us . only five would continue in the academy . a few were still rifling through their notes . they turned the pages faster and faster , their gestures progressively more frantic as they tried to absorb all the rules anxiety had pushed out of their minds . newline newline the only one who was relaxed was daniels . he was leaning casually against the wall by the doors , smiling merrily at anyone who looked in his direction . he had good reason to be at ease . he was top of the class . there was a rumour that he had passed his entrance exam with 100  and no studying whatsoever . once or twice he had even corrected the instructors . it had earned him the admiration of his skills , but also their dislike . he had nothing to fear though  his uncle was director of the possessive division . for my part , i rather liked him . he was kind to me , despite my background . while his explanations were often condescending , he was the only one quick to offer help , and genuinely ensured that his pupil understood . he had nothing to fear . he knew he had no competition . newline newline the mahogany doors opened and we were invited into a large , windowless room . small desks were arranged in three rows , spaced evenly apart . we sat down and after the proctor had reviewed the rules of the examination , we were handed the exam booklets . newline newline i turned the first page with trepidation . they started off with easy questions . i had been warned of this . the distinction between  fewer  and  less  and compound possession . i breezed through those sections but drew my breath sharply when i reached colloquialism avoidance . i d always had trouble with this and i had hoped it would not be included in this version of the exam . i completed the questions i knew and skipped to the next section . about an hour in , daniels rose from his desk and handed in his test package . he sauntered out of the room . the next student followed him out two hours later . i was one of the last to finish , but i was fairly satisfied with my work . i knew i had avoided some of their traps . daniels had warned me about falling for  most importantly  . newline newline when i finished , i was surprised to find daniels waiting outside the door . he had changed out of his uniform . i had never seen him in plain clothes before . newline newline  rose ,  he said . he had never used my first name before .  i want to show you something .  newlinetired . very tired . no one talks about how tired it feels . the stench of death decay can surround a person , the gruesome aftermath of a horrific battle , the psychological torment that wroughts a man s psyche . newline newline and all he wanted to do was sleep . he wanted to collapse and fall down and join the bodies strewn about him . friend or foe matters not , for all men are equal in death . the bitter , gray dawn demarking the end of seemingly eternal night . if there were colors in the sky , he doubted he could see them . newline newline he grasped vacantly at anything for support before slumping to his knees . the soft squelch of dirt greeted his hearing . a muddy mixture of countless imprints crossing one another chaotically . the bodies surrounded him . death surrounded him . the impending darkness of finality was finally closing in , after so long he had evaded it , but its icy grip had finally caught up to him . newline newline he wanted to fight for his friends . he wanted to fight for his family . he wanted to fight for his country . but that was so long ago . he glanced skywards one last time . a muddied hill formed at the edge of his vision . rising out of the ashes of this forsaken battlefield was the flag of the victor . the flag of his country . newline newline the flag stood high and proud on the hill . the sun rose gently behind it , ita beauty casting color and irridescent to his once bleak vision . he felt a swell of pride . he felt comfort . and he felt the end drawing near . newline newline the flag faded into beautiful , indescrible colors . life had meaning . it was worth fighting for . his vision faded abruptly into white . newline newline ... newline newline he s been sitting still for way too long . is he okay ? maybe someone should do something . the balding man walked up to the homeless man , carefully stepping around the vagrant . he was hesitant to show his concern , but he was nt that bad of a person to just ignore him . newline newline the man had stumbled drunkenly into the middle of the street , fell to his knees as if praying momentarily before falling to the ground . he ran a hand over his bald head sheepishly before pulling out a napkin and carefully prodding the dirty man . newline newline he turned him over and saw a unkempt and dirty face with long hair and graying beard . his military jacket looks like it had been worn for at least a decade and never been taken off . he smelled like he did nt know what a shower was and that sobriety was an unfortunate consequence of not drinking enough . a vacant , almost blissful smile adorned this man , his yellowed , chipped teeth showing shamelessly . this man was dead . newline newline the bald man sighed , pulled out his cell phone , and dialed out .  yeah , i m going to be late for work . 112 newline  part 1 of 4  newline newline  i told you . we went into the desert to take photos of the wildlife and fauna .  jack told the detective . the light was bright and in his eyes . he could nt actually see the man , just the light . newline newline jack tried to force his eyes to see past the minisun the man was directing his way , but it was useless . the man would nt even talk . jack sat there in silence for a long time , refusing to talk . other than a creaking chair , the other man said nothing . it went almost an hour in this fashion before jack felt the urge to tell the story again . newline newline  from the top , dammit !  jack barked .  here it is . jenny is an amateur photographer . she was nt very happy with her last spread . she kept going on and on about the boring subject matter . she was tired of taking pictures of spider webs beaded with dew and shit like that . i had spent the first half of my life living in a trailer house in arizona . i asked her if she had ever been out to the desert . she said she did nt want to photograph sand . i told her about the fact that the term desert is often misconstrued .  jack paused and looked toward where the detective sat . newline newline  have you ever been in the desert ?  jack asked . a pencil was being tapped on the desk in measured beats .  it s fucking beautiful .  jack tol the man .  it s absolutely beautiful . i knew this . i knew she did nt . i had a plan .  jack pulled an empty ring box out of his pocket .  i was going to propose to her . i had the ring . i had champagne . i rented one of those chillers for it and brought my camping generator with us . i wanted her to spend twentyfour hours out in the desert with me . i brought tents . i brought water . i brought fruit and wine . i brought everything i thought we would need . i brought everything we needed , but i did nt bring a gun . i do nt even own one .  newline newline the chair squealed as it was slid back . the detective reached up and turned the knob on the airconditioner in the window . it gave a series of clicks , jumped a little in the window , then started to pump cooler air into the room . the chair squealed as it was slid back and then the pencil resumed its tap , tap , tap on the table . newline newline  like i said , from the beginning .  newline newline           newline newline jenny leaned over and slid her hand up jack s thigh . he laughed and leaned his leg out a little further . she slid her hand up further an further and he leaned his leg over more and more in anticipation . her fingers neared his groin then stopped . she bit her lip then pulled her hand away . newline newline  tease !  jack cried comically . jenny giggled meanly . newline newline  maybe in the desert . . . if you re lucky .  she said , pointedly turning away to survey the barren wasteland about them . the sides of the road and the surrounding areas were carved up with deep gullys and tufts of tough yellow grass . bushes with small oval red leaves stained the area crimson . the few rises of rocks they saw were alternating striations of brown , yellow , and red mineral deposits . they had nt seen another car in over an hour . they had nt seen civilization in over two . newline newline  what happens if we get in trouble out here ?  she asked , glancing back the way they had come . she wiped sweat from her brow . even though the air conditioner was going full blast in the car , it only managed to make the car reasonably comfortable . truth was , it was fighting a losing battle with the sun beating down on them .  how much further ?  she asked . newline newline jack ignored her first question . she d asked that question a lot . to her second question , he slowed and pulled off onto an old dirt road leading out past the rocks into the desert beyond . newline newline  jack , baby ? are you sure about this ?  she asked , touching the window in her door by accident with her bare arm . she hissed in pain . the thing felt like it was being heated with a torch . newline newline  you okay ?  he asked . she nodded and tried to blow on the the burned area , but just couldnt  reach it . jack fished her camera from the open bag between them and snapped a quick picture of her all twisted up trying to reach her burn . newline newline  yeah . i m fine .  she noticed the clicking and turned to see what he was doing .  do nt do that . do nt touch the camera .  newline newline  chill .  he said .  i m just joking around . he took another picture . newline newline  i m not fucking around . you can screw me . i ll blow you . you can call me a bitch a tramp and a slut . i might let you spit in my face and on your birthday , i met let you stick it in my ass , but do nt ever touch my god damned camera .  she screamed .  i m fucking serious .  she snatched the camera away him and cleaned the lens , wiped some lint from face and closed the shutter . then with the same care a miner in the 1800s would have used when handling dynamite , she carefully slid the camera back in its bag . newline newline the drove along in silence for several awkward moments . newline newline  baby ?  he called quietly , nervously , pensively . newline newline  yeah .  she replied , refusing to look at him . newline newline  i think today s my birthday .  he deadpanned . the sat there listening to the clunks and squeaks of the car for a moment later before she started to laugh . newline newline  fuck you .  she told him , trying hard not to laugh at his joke . newline newline  that s what i m trying to make happen .  he quipped . she surrendered and slapped him playfully , laughing all the while . he laughed too . newline newline  just do nt mess with the camera .  she told him .  or , i cut off your dick and feed it to a coyote .  that laughter was still had by all , but for jack it was a little more strained than for her . newline newline               newline newline the tapping pencil stopped . the man behind the light slid a photo across the table . it was a picture of the back of his car sticking out of a ravine . newline newline  i m getting to that .  jack said . he took a sip of water from the bottle he d been nursing through the interview .  anyway , she was nt kidding about her camera . she was ballstowall crazy about her camera . she might have been an amateur photographer and supermodels across the world should pray to their anorexic gods for that fact . there would nt be a supermodel left on the planet otherwise .  he looked at the photograph again .  did you ever find the park ranger ?  he asked . newline newline  continued many times when i see timeworn relics and lost knowledge beneath my feet , i also see a flash of history . it hits me like a vision , and i fall into a brief trance while images flash before my eyes . through this gift i ve seen the rise and fall of civilizations , and gained my people immense knowledge and treasure . i was born with this gift  some rever me as a prophet , others , a godlike entity . really , i m just a man . newline newline my people are pacifists , and resolve differences with other tribes through peaceful diplomacy . though most of them have pure intentions , there are others who are corrupted . people like me . occasionally , i ve accepted independent contracts from other tribes , where i am paid to find weapons . they feed me empty promises that they wo nt use the advanced spears and metals i find them , but i know they re stocking up  just in case  . such is human nature after all . i ve seen it  history is violent , and bloody . newline newline it does nt affect me , i d always think . so what if a war starts ? i ll still be comfortable .  yeah , that was until this moment  my corrupted soul , its greed and selfish need for treasure vaporized into nothingness as my feet hit the lowest point of the enormous crater . flashes of a time i had never seen before  a time of steel birds flying in the sky , minimetal spears flying across the air at impossible speeds , tearing up the flesh of other humans in an instant . newline newline then i saw the flash , the flash that was so bright it blinded me . i fell to my knees and screamed in pain . my sight was gone  my eyes white , glassy white , as if i d seen a ghost . and i had  the ghosts of billions . newline newline  we should not dig here ,  i said quietly , after screaming at the top of my lungs in pain for minutes . i took a deep breath , collecting myself , as i stood back up with the help of one of my associates .  we will not  i wo nt allow it .  newline newline i was heard . newline newline even though blinded , the image of the first nuclear warhead that hit the earth and shattered its buildings and incinerated its people was etched into my mind . and it was only the first of many , once the real war started . newline newline it s no wonder our world looks the way it does  and its no wonder we re moving away from our pacifist religion , slowly being corrupted by greed . newline newline it s human nature . me not that kind of orc !  newline newline  how many times do i have to tell you , you bastard ? stop tickling me !  i think as i rush to the gold mine . as i am coming back with a bag of gold slung on my shoulder , taskmaster shouts from the hall ,  hey , you ! new orders ! altar of storms ! over there !  newline newline  so should i drop this bag of gold first , or ...  newline newline  go ! now ! were running behind schedule !  newline newline  i can work better with two hands , you know .  newline newline  do you want to be executed for insubordination ?  newline newline well , whatever . zug zug . i rush to the site . i hear a whoosh of wind . a man with a big sword materializes next to me before i can start .  wha ...  i cry as he starts swinging at me . newline newline i run to the great hall to take shelter within .  not here you idiot ! go to the burrows .  but the burrow is too far . couldnt i just fit in such a huge hall ? newline newline i am cut down before i can make it to the burrows . as i die , i am strangely bothered by the bag of gold that i never deposited .this is a slight twist on what you have proposed in your prompt . the same rules but in this world people do nt know music exists . newline newline  newline newline i ve found you !  i screamed in complete and utter glee , my face poured out a slurry of emotion in exult to my discovery . newline newline what on earth are you on about ? i ve been beside you for like two hours now ,  she replied in a slightly confused and worried state . are you alright john ?  she followed with a halfhearted grin in attempt investigate my sudden outburst newline newline its been so long , but i finally have someone i can give it to !  newline newline wait ... you mean the song ?  newline newline yes !  my body became increasingly erratic , unable to contain the sheer joy i felt from finally finding the one person i can entrust the song to . newline newline but we ve known each other for years , i ve followed you on each and every one of your rants about this ,  her tone calmed , the knowledge of my situation had only been privy to her , and her realization of the magnitude of what i had so abruptly suggested left her cold , trying to rationalize the situation , yet i knew she would never understand unless experienced first hand . newline newline wait , why now ... were in the middle of the street , i do nt ... ?  newline newline i know you liz , all these years i ve seen what you ve done , heard the words you ve said , felt the feelings you have felt , they all fit ! do nt you see ! all this time after we first met i knew you could be the one , i just needed to know for sure .  newline newline john i ...  newline newline i pulled out my music player , a device she had seen many times yet had no clue as to its nature , but that was ok , she would be the only person to ever use it besides me . newline newline you see , i knew that if i were to give out each song into the world , one person at a time in a stagnant fashion , the unease that i would create within the very fabric of our society would be immense , perhaps it would shift toward a cataclysmic end . it would be like giving a child a single piece of candy that must last them their entire life , what if they did nt like it ? what of the others that do not poses it ? i can not be held accountable in the case that humanity be halted just because they could not handle such a fragile gift . so , in my selfishness i decided to keep this music a secret , shackling our species in ignorant bliss of this transcendent language . until i found her ... newline newline all want is for someone to share this with , for this is one secret i can not take to my grave .  newline newline i placed my headphones gently on her head , and as the cups enclosed her ears i pressed play . everything stopped , her eyes opened wide and her mind opened wider as the soul drowned in euphoria , the melodies and sounds painted images as vivid as reality , narrated by the lyrics which when in unison took liz on an unforgettable journey . suddenly black and white turned to red , to yellow , then to violet and everything in between as her emotions spread from her head to her fingers like a neural wave . newline newline finally  she said as tears started to fill her eyes , now i understand .  newline newline  newline newline story inspired by  this   https : www.youtube.comwatch ? vinyzflzoh0s  newline newline newline newlinehe d lost a lot of blood , and was fading fast . i went through my pack , finding the duct tape and tried to close the wound to no avail . newline newline  do nt die on me now , jake . not after what we ve just been through !  i cried . i put pressure on the wound , and he screamed .  cmon now , you ll be all right .  newline newline he started to cough blood . the bullet had punctured a lung . i tried to get him to focus his gaze . newline newline  jake , look at me ! you re gon na be fin  jake ! do nt you dare close your eyes !  newline newline  ... i m ... i m sorry , sarge ... ggot careless . shoulda  seen em comin  ...  he wheezed . his breaths were quick and shallow . he would nt last long . newline newline  nah , jake . you did all right . you got im . now , we re just gon na have to wait a bit before   a grenade went off far too close to be comfortable , and the explosion covered us in dirt .  just hold on , jake .  newline newline  sarge ... i do nt mean to be clich , but ... it s cold , sarge .  newline newline  that s just the weather , jake ,  i lied .  trust me , you ll be up and about again soon . you better . your wife would kill me .  newline newline  heh ...  he managed a strained smile .  tell her ...  newline newline  whatever it is , jake , you can tell her yourself .  newline newline with a strength i did nt expect , he pulled me by my collar down to his face . newline newline  sarge ... i  oh jesus christ it hurts !  i appreciate what you re tryin  to do ... but do nt ... please ...  newline newline his eyes welled up with tears as he pleaded with me . i held him in my arms , ai nt too much to do for a dying soldier and a friend . newline newline  what ... what do you want me to tell her ?  i asked him . newline newline  tell ... tell ... her ...  newline newline  jake ?  newline newline  i like big butts and i can not lie ! last time , we had a look at the mating habits of the adult forms of the homosapiens erectus , or  humans  as they call themselves . today , we shall be taking a look at the habits displayed by younger examples , here at what is known as  college  . for the homosapiens , knowledge is hard gained , and they use these learning complexes to transfer this knowledge , from the old and wise , to a newer generation .  teenagers  are in between their larval and adult forms , and as such actually do nt have the benefit of both . this makes for rather awkward meetings , as the males and females experience lifealtering changes to their minds , voices and , yes , even their bodies . with the males , the hormone testosterone starts flowing freely  their voices deepen , hair starts to grow in their genitalic regions and their reproductive organs become active . in females , hair and reproductive organs begin to develop as well , but their voices pitch higher and secondary gender markers as their breasts start to grow . it is at this point in a human s lifecycle that we find ourselves at a college , where we are able to witness the courting between two of them . newline newline notice how the male approaches a group of females , pushed by his comrades to approach one of them  we can see them sitting here to the left . notice how the group of females is communicating with each other  one of them already has been courted by one of the males , and knows that the approaching male is here to court with  anna  , the female in the yellow blouse . this communication is known as  gossip  and it is an integral part of human behaviour , especially when relating to the bonding of two humans . as the male approaches , the females laugh and push  anna  more to the front . it is obvious that she does not know to react to  peter  , even though this is nt the first time that they have seen each other . why this offbeat behaviour then ? we are about to find out ... newline newline for  peter  is not the only one wanting to court  anna  . from across the college yard another contestant approaches :  donald  is known as a bully , one who subjugates others to do his bidding . he has made it clear to  anna  that he wants her to be his mate  she disagreed on this , and since the tension is palpable .  peter  knows of this , but has decided that he will challenge the odds on winning  anna  s hand . around the college yard , other males and females are noticing the tension as  donald  approaches the group of females and  peter   not so hard , considering that he is shouting obscenities to the poor male . but  peter  is having none of it . the flower he has just given to the female , a friendly present between lovers , enrages the bully even more . he pushes the male away while voicing that he has a small reproductive organ  a move meant to intimidate the other . and here , we can see how much  peter  is willing to court with the female : he dusts off his jacket , proclaiming that  donald  s reproductive organs need a magnifying glass to even see , and winks at the females  a sign of affection . newline newline the bully has now reached his tipping point . his face becomes red and , while still screaming vulgar words , removes his jacket  a fight is about to break loose . a circle has formed around the two competing males , cheering to  peter  and denouncing the bully , further angering him . the adrenaline coursing through his body , combined with the testosterone , tip the scales :  donald  loses his composure , and charges at the shorter male . but if it s knowledge that is to be gained at this facility ,  donald  sure was not paying attention . for  peter  knows some tricks , moves he has displayed when with friends and of which a lot of people know about . with a single grab and throw , the bully crashes to the ground . his look of surprise is soon followed by shame . he gets up onto his feet and makes his way through the cheering circle of humans , vowing to have his revenge one day . but that wo nt be today . today , the winner is rewarded by the female with a kiss on the cheek . the smile on his face , combined with the cheers of people around him , make him feel good  he has done well to make his  friends  proud . newline newline tune in next week as we continue our fascinating look into the mating rituals of the humans , as we ll delve deeper into their reproductive systems , in  planet earth  .i loved to play with raggedy ann  i just called her annie , my parents called her raggedy ann  . she was my best friend until i was seven when i lost her . my parents said i never went anywhere without her , even before i can remember . newline newline we found her outside just on the sidewalk , without an owner , according to my parents . we put up fliers to help find the people who were trying to find their ann . but personally i did nt think anyone else would want her . her clothes were all torn and dirty and torn like she was left outside for days when we found her . but then we cleaned her up . newline newline but one day we were out playing by the reservoir . all the kids played their with friends and toys there . neither of us could swim , out parents never had time to teach us . but when we were on the wall we were running and she fell in ! i figured i could find another one somewhere , so i just went on back home . newline newline i always remember that day , all the kids having fun and screaming . its a shame i lost my annie though .wait . newline newline did i just ... did i just die ? i ca nt see anything , everything s just black ... newline newline the fuck ? newline newline some horrible screeching noise was pinging around in my brain and my ears . kinda like metal grinding on metal . i can see flashes of light that used to be there burned into my eyes , like what the sun looks like when you close your eyes . there s another layer of sound ... glass shattering into a million tiny shards . is someone throwing pennies at me ? it smells like copper in here , wherever i am . in my right hand , i can feel the glittery ridges on my phone case and my thumb on the home button . okay , well that s good , i ll call someone and figure out what the hell is going on . in my left hand , i can feel the grooved impressions of my steering ... newline newline oh . oh . newline newline note to self : do nt text and drive . newline newline suddenly , as if i m some video game character spawning into a level or some shit , i get dropped down onto this tiny rocky island in the middle of a cavern . behind me , i hear an explosion and see boulders fly past my head , and feel heat like i ve never felt before enveloping me . i thought florida summers were bad , but that was nothing compared to this . i whip around to see lava  seriously , lava ? what a clich  filling the room and almost sweeping me off my island . my island morphs into a slightly bigger island , and with a poof of smoke , a secretary at a fiery desk plops down . wow , she s smokin  ... oh , she s actually on fire . newline newline she asks for my name and my date of birth . her long manicured nails start tapping away on her keyboard , faster than i ve ever seen anyone type before . i try to ask her what the hell is going to happen to me , but she puts a finger up to shush me and continues typing . it feels like i m at a doctor s office : the waiting room is unbearably stuffy , and the receptionist is rude . is this what hell is ? an eternal waiting room ? newline newline after what feels like a week , she turns to me with a perplexed look , hits her return key again , and looks back at me . newline newline  well , miss warren ,  smokin  receptionist lady said ,  we do nt have any vacancies for you . your case is ... special .  newline newline she pauses , maybe to get my reaction ? a smirk dances across her face , but as quickly as i notice it , it s gone . newline newline she continues ,  for sinners like you , we have a special program you will be opted into . you will return to the second floor and live out another life that we will choose for you . do you have any questions ?  newline newline for a moment , i m too stunned to speak . i m going back to earth ? well shit yeah , okay , send me back ! i must have some good karma saved up . newline newline  nope ! beam me up scotty ,  i joked . she laughed , but it did nt seem like she was laughing at my joke . she must not be a star trek fan . no , it seemed more like she was laughing at me . like she knew something i did nt . or maybe i just read into it too much . she gave me one last look with a knowing smile on her face and one eyebrow cocked , and hit her return key . i blinked , and my vision went white . it felt like i was being sucked into a vacuum , there was ringing in my ears , and then ... newline newline  dad !  can i play games on your phone ?  newline newline  tucker james ! sit down and put your seatbelt on , now ,  i yelled . when is that child going to learn ? i always strap him in and he always undoes it . he s seven now , he should know better . jess and i are going to have to have a serious talk with him when we get home , i m sick of it . newline newline  ugh ! you re no fun ,  tuck shoots at me . i know son , i m no fun . i m just saving your life , you re welcome . newline newline finally , the light turns green . we start to roll though , like we ve done a million times before . newline newline then , i hear a sound no parent ever wants to hear : tuck screams for me , louder than i ve ever heard him scream before . in that moment , it feels like time slows down to a halt . my eyes shoot to look back at him  damn it ! his seat belt is still off ! then , i notice a bright red pontiac blowing through their red light and charging towards us , right into tuck s door . the driver looks familiar ... did i know her in college ? is she one of jess s friends ? no , that does nt seem right . she looks up from her phone , finally noticing what s going on , and we lock eyes . in that moment , i feel like i ve known her my whole life . newline newline i wake up , upside down with a nosebleed . i think my arm is broken , but otherwise , i feel okay , thank god . my second sense to come back to me is my hearing , and i notice several people around me , screaming for help . one woman is crying ,  help him ! he s not moving ! sir !  i suddenly remember that i picked tuck up from school today and try to turn around to check on him . i remember he was unbuckled . newline newline on the center console , i spot a little blue hand , with a freckle on the thumb , just like my son s . newline newline  tuck ?  newline newline edit : wow , that was way longer than i thought ! also , my first time in this sub , yay !it s quiet . it s a trite observation and i know it , but still . the only sounds i ve heard since entering are those my own feet make as i travel through the dense undergrowth , and the wind pushing gently through the trees . pushing gently through , like it s trying to escape . i thought for a moment i heard some poor bird singing , but i know it was probably just the wind . what could sing here ? what could be so callous as to sing in what has become the final resting place for so many ? nothing is that crass , that cavalier . newline newline as i walk , i try to find the right tree . i discard so many for subtle flaws  bark the color of my first love s eyes , branches shaped like my father s hands . other occupants , lifeless , bloated , hanging like perverse ornaments . each time i reject a different tree , i say softly to myself ,  you are not the right one  . over and over , like a mantra .  you are not the right one .  i suppose , if i were a more philosophical man , a more aware man , i d come to the conclusion that i m not really talking about trees .  you are not the right one   a description of my life as an outsider , a stranger . it s there , in the subtext of my life before i walked through this quiet forest . i was nt the right man when my mother was rotting away in a cold white room . i was nt the right one for my father , not since i was a little child who dreamed of lsats and gpas . i was nt the right one for my middle school sweetheart , my high school sweetheart , my wife . her family . her children . newline newline i never had any children . newline newline but i was nt a deep man , so instead i used the phrase to spur me on , deeper into the forest . i counted the skulls i would trip on , at first . after a while i lost track , but that was ok. every skull here had made the same walk i had . they had all seen the bodies and bones , and kept walking anyway , instead of turning around and trying again . they knew what they were getting into  they did nt need me to honor or memorialize them . that s not why they came here . this was a place of defeat . this was the place men and women came to be permanently forgotten . no headstones , no grave markers . no mourning families or roses . all that one could become here was just another pile of dust and bones in a forested patchwork of dust and bones . this was the place to be stricken from the memory of humanity forever , so that our failures could never again haunt us in death like they had in life . if you want to hide a tree , right ? newline newline without realizing it , i found the right one . the right one . it was tall , yet hunched over like an elderly giant . it s bark was the same gray as the sweatshirt my mother died in . it had three knots at eye level that inexplicably made it look a grotesque face . my grandparents had had a similar tree in their front yard , when i was a child . it s fitting , somehow . full circle . newline newline again , without realizing it , i ve climbed to the highest branch that will support my weight . i suppose i could climb higher , as it does nt really matter now , but stop myself . the last thing i want is to fall and survive , to be found by some wellmeaning griever and be rushed to the er . i want to do this right  no more failures . i had tied the nylon rope beforehand . the lime green material was a little garish , i must admit , but even so . it was fitting . my own little memorial to myself . as i stood there , looking out into the forest , at the other bodies swinging gently in the breeze , i take one final deep breath . it s not the best breath i ve ever taken . the wind brings the scent of rotting corpses to my nostrils , and i ve tightened the noose already in anticipation . but it s the last one i think i ll need , which makes it the most precious . right before i let go  of the branch i m holding to support myself , of the life i used to lead , of all the pain , and hate , and sadness i ve let build up inside me  i have a brief moment of clarity . about the forest . about all these poor lost souls falling apart in a dark city of deformed trees . newline newline it s the most beautiful thing i ve ever seen .oftentimes there becomes a point where theology clashes with archaeology or science . it always gets ... messy . evolution came around and the discovery of fossils a million years old , and it clashes with the idea that the world is a couple thousand years old . theory of gravity and heliocentric theories makes earth no longer the center of the universe . i am going to be entirely honest , when some nutjob posing as an archaeologist said the true final message from the one true god was left in the center of the moon , i did nt believe him , and neither did many people . but what can i say ? his pay is good , he has the funding , and he has a plan . so yeah sure , i will spend the next couple years on the moon overlooking his mining project or whatever . not like it is going to find anything anyway right ? newline newline that was ... three ? three years ago . i had been living out on this moonbase mostly in solitude . i get video messages from loved ones back on earth , send them back too . mostly i keep myself entertained by doing real research for my boys back home . we have learned about as much about our moon in this three year expedition as they did during the entire space race . exploring the moon s surface is also great fun ! i could do that for a few more years . but ... . our expedition is coming to a close as our robots uncovered a ... device ... in the center of our moon ... i saw them dig it up , it was nt placed there by any human that is for sure . newline newline jokingly i called it the worlds oldest easteregg since the device is somewhat egg shaped . now i was cautious about it at first , for all i know it is some alien bomb set up to crash the moon into our planet if we act up against a force we do nt even know exists or not . eventually i took it back into my bunker and started tinkering with it . showed it to the boss and he said the mission was over and he was sending my getaway plan to pick me up . right now it is on it s way , still about a day out . i need to prepare a bit more and get into orbit in about eight hours ... but ... newline newline whatever this thing is , i got it to speak . after fiddling with it a bit i shouted in frustration and it apparently recognized my voice and started speaking . i can remember everything it said , word for word . my memory is nt that good , but i had a recording from the surveillance footage that i relistened to over and over again . newline newline  english recognized . play back successfully translated : is it on now ? is yeah ? hello intelligent being ! hi , wow it seems like it has been forever since we last spoke , how have ya been ? no no that is terrible can we do over ? ... well i ca nt leave that in ! ... fine fine . listen , i know things are , lets call it complicated between you and me . if you have nt guessed , yes i am the person who created everything in your universe , and in my universe you were more of a ... how do i put this ... a side project . some stuff happened and i ended up creating a universe with life in it and due to ... legal reasons lets say , i ca nt shut it off at this stage . i have done a few still within bounds things to get rid of the life on earth but it just ... you guys are persistent i will give you that . well i am leaving this message because you will have been the smartest beings created in this universe and , being so intelligent and powerful in your own way you will have the ability to ... newline newline okay i am going to play it straight , i need to shut this universe down . it has been using to much of my resources for to long . i want to move on but i ca nt . now it does nt have to be a genocide , but i need you to get rid of all life in this universe , which should just be on earth and whatever other planets you have inhabited by now . they do nt have to die , they just ca nt reproduce , then they will die of age or whatever . there are nt any consequences if you do nt , i am asking as your creator , as the one who gave you life i ask you now to take it away ... that sounds grim can we cut that part ? ... oh and you will be given eternal glory in the after life . whatever . hey cut the recording , we have to  and it ended . the device grew dark and never spoke again . newline newline i sat here , carefully listening to every word , every sentence , every pause . an accident ? we were nt supposed to exist at all ? what is with the legal restrictions ? who is restricting god ? he ca nt be serious about that after life part , he knows we are just going to die , surely . i have only questions and no answers . that is why i am sending this back to earth . everyone needs to know the creators final words , unaltered and unfiltered . i do nt know if i should return to earth or just die here .the eyes of the man as the life had slipped from him still haunted him today . it was the fear and confusion in those eyes that he couldn  t forget . those eyes would appear again in his dreams every night , in a hundred different faces . he simply couldn  t shake it . this had all gone down back when jack was nothing more than a kid . at 23 years old he  d been so eager to be the real deal that he  d almost dared himself to do it . it was the only man he  d ever killed . a stranger . just to prove that he could . nowadays he prided himself on living honorably . people joke about it , but there is a code amongst thieves . he picked targets that were insured or who were so rich they d never notice what was missing . he damn sure wouldn  t get involved if there was a chance that someone could get hurt . he was too old for physical confrontation these days anyway . newline newline but the dreams . newline newline that  s why he was here at time lab . if he could just go back and stop himself that one night he  d be able to prevent the recurring nightmare , the relentless thoughts about who the man was or what he might have become . newline newline the attendant pressed a bunch of buttons and the pod filled with white light . what seemed like seconds later the door was opened by a different attendant in a flannel shirt . hello nineteen ninety two . newline newline heading across town , his anxiousness gave way to the sort of nostalgia only time travel can give you . the yankees game was on the radio  the damn 7th inning already , so he knew younger jack would already be at the bar for a bit of dutch courage and the ball game . after the game is when it would happen . young jack would leave the bar , see the man in the back alley and then it would all go down . he was going to be cutting it fine . newline newline after what seemed like the shortest two innings ever , they finally pulled up at the bar . he flipped the cab driver a single hundred and stepped out of the cab . he would have run if he was still able . he was going to be cutting it close . he opened the door and scanned quickly . two middle aged women sat at the bar , and there was an empty glass with two cubes of ice sitting in front of a third stool . that  s still how jack still took his whiskey . it meant he was too late . but there might still be time to stop it . newline newline he headed back out into the street and peered around the corner to where he knew the altercation would commence . that  s when the knife entered his back . he spun around and tried to speak , but only blood came out of his mouth . then the hands were on his neck . he looked up at his younger self and saw those eyes staring back at him . he  d dreamt about them every night but missed them in the mirror every morning . at least  he thought  he could die with honor  having never killed another human being . after all these years , he finally felt at peace . newlinethe witch had plagued jom  s lands for centuries . she was a meanspirited tyrant , petty in her ways . she could wield fireballs at will , and she lorded that power over the people of this land . jom had seen her fling fire indiscriminately at a nearby village , killing or maiming scores for no apparent reason . newline newline worse yet , she demanded a tithe of their harvest . a few had thought to resist at first , but she had made examples of them , very publicly . the masses had cowed very quickly after that . what choice did they have ? they had neither the strength nor the wits to do anything about it . newline newline for her part , the witch had delighted . that was the part that jom always remembered  the look of sheer glee on the witch  s face as she tormented others . whatever heart beat in her chest , it was black as sin . newline newline so , jom plotted . he had a bit of size to him , and he had a bit of brains in his head . but more importantly , he had a will that would not yield . come what may , he would not bow to this sorceress . he would defeat her , or die trying . newline newline slowly , carefully , jom made his preparations . he stole away in the dead of night to the sawmill , to lay his snare . he carried tools , at first , so that he could hide his intentions . even if she caught him out at night , what harm was there in carrying tools ? it was still a dangerous game , but he would have a measure of deniability if she caught him with tools . slowly , carefully , he shaped the sawmill into a trap . all that was left was to draw her out . newline newline he slept long and deep that night , preparing himself for what was to come . he loathed sleeping in , but he would need every bit of strength for the next day  s trials . he prayed the fates would smile on him . newline newline the next day , he put his plan in motion as soon as he stepped outside . newline newline  why , hur , did you hear ? they say a strange glowing egg appeared in the saw mill ,  he lied . newline newline  no , jom , news to me . that  d be an oddity . any idea what it is ?  poor hur asked . newline newline  no one knows . i heard one of the ladies in town say it was a dragon egg ,  jom continued the tale .  don  t tell anyone though , we don  t want anyone to get hurt if they get too close.  newline newline within the hour , everyone in town was whispering about the dragon egg . jom kept a careful eye on the path to the sawmill , but no one dared try their luck . so far , so good . newline newline  the witch comes ! the witch comes this way !  the alarm rang out . newline newline everyone else ran indoors , hoping to stay away from the wicked witch . jom , on the other hand , ran straight to the sawmill . the sun was still high in the sky , a good omen . he kept a good distance from the mill itself , not wanting to tip his hand . newline newline  out of the way ! that  s mine !  the witch called out . newline newline jom didn  t have to fake the worry etched on his face . he was out here all alone if anything went wrong . he watched in trepidation as the witch walked towards the door . this was it : the moment of no return . newline newline with a slow , but steady pace , he closed the distance between himself and the witch . she was only a few paces ahead of him when she reached the door . with a greedy flourish , she threw open the door . newline newline she was immediately blinded by a wellplaced mirror . jom had carefully measured the reflection of the sunlight through the roof , even going so far as to cut a hole in the ceiling . he  d walked into that door countless times , at different hours , just to make sure that this crucial part of his plan would go off without a hitch . the measurements had been sound , as the reflected sunlight caused the witch a moment of blindness and confusion . newline newline jom seized his opportunity to throw his shoulder into the witch , pushing both of them through the door and into the sawmill . the witch tumbled forward as jom took a quick hop to the side . with a flick of the wrist , jom  s knife cut a rope holding back stones over the door . the witch quickly realized the danger , and she dove forward to the center of the sawmill . newline newline  you dare ?  she screamed out indignantly . newline newline  i dare , witch . your evil ends today.  newline newline  watch your tongue , fool . i can burn you to a crisp where you stand.  newline newline  not without starting a fire . i  ve coated the walls and floor with kerosene . the door is blocked , so you  ll be caught in here , too . the smoke and heat will kill you along with me.  newline newline  clever . maybe you  re not as big a fool as i thought.  newline newline  i have one more trick , witch ,  jom warned as he drew his sword . kicking away a beam , the wall collapsed , and the water powering the mill came rushing in . jom and the witch were both instantly drenched . between the shock of the water and the water itself , the witch  s flames were neutralized for the moment . jom , on the other hand , had the element of surprise on his side , and a sword . he leaped forward , swinging the sword with all his might . newline newline  die !  he roared . all his pentup rage , his frustration , and his tears came rushing out in a single release of emotion . newline newline but his sword never found its mark . the witch made a gesture with her hands , and the water itself came to life . a stream of water parried jom  s sword with a violent blow , knocking the blade from his hand . newline newline  wa  water ? ? you can  water ?  jom stammered , weakly . newline newline  the word is elementalist ,  she bragged . newline newline with a second motion of her hands , the water came crashing into jom , knocking the wind out of him . defeated , he could only watch as she gloated . all his careful planning had been for naught . how could he possibly defeat this ? it had been hard enough to engineer a scenario where her fire was useless , but how could he possibly strip her of fire and water ? there was water everywhere . despair set in for jom , as he realized just how impossible his task truly was . newline newline  oh , and be careful with the winds , dear . they belong to me , too . rgrapefruitwriting is my personal subreddit , not much has been posted on it in a while since i have nt been writing often  since the update that changed the layout and font here , actually ... i like the subreddit style aside from the layout and font nowadays so i do nt want to turn it off , but i really did not like the change , still dont  newline newline i have two tumblr blogs , but neither of them are really related to writing , pm me if you want those , they re filled with references to anime and video games and stupid vines newline newline my twitter handle is mtdewrito , i do nt tweet much there and if i do it s either a reply to a youtuber  that will never see my messages  or friend or maybe i ll be streaming art and announcing that newline newline i might switch to a side account for use on here , udeathisanart36 as well as using it for rgrapefruitwriting so look forward to that maybe ? bob , listen to me bob ! you are going to be fine !  ctchd or whatever her  or it s ?  name was said . i did nt believe her , i could nt . i mean i m a teacher for gods sakes ! an underpaid overworked babysitter ! and here was this ... .spider ? telling me that i was the only hope this world had . those mandibles made weird clicks and sounds while a small box hung around it s neck said in soothing tones  listen , the galactic council just needs proof of sapience , that s it ! if you can prove that the endangered sapients act of 32451 comes into play  newline newline the weirdest part about all of this was nt the spaceship i had been taken to . it was nt the slugs and the spiders , i got used to those after hearing the words  annexation  and  strip mine  . it was nt even that the procedure for annexing an entire planet was just filling out a few forms at the galactic council . it was that everyone was wearing  save earth !  tshirts with save earth written in about five different human languages and everyone kept asking me about life on such a destitute planet . it made me awfully self conscious about my iphone and bag full of video games . i stammered out a reply  how ... do i prove that exactly ?  newline newline ctachd put his hairy arm on my shoulder , no doubt emulating the earth gestures he d seen on the  save earth  tv commercials . for just 7 credits a day , you can save this world from being claimed by the astur minerals corporation and save 7 billion sentients . then those godforsaken mandibles started moving again .  it ll be fine , they ll ask you a few questions and you just have to answer honestly .  newline newline i gulped and nodded , frankly just wanting this ordeal to be over more than anything else . one of the slugs pointed  pointed with what you say , well you wont believe this but it was a slug with arms ! arms and hands !  towards the council chamber and i made my way towards the door cursing myself the whole time . yeah you really needed that copy of cod today did nt you , you could nt wait till tomorrow , you had to have it now !  . the door opened and i received my first glimpse of the council chambers . star wars got it totally wrong . there were nt thousands of people there were five , five people to represent a galaxy full of life . they sat in front of a simple folding desk with some sort of see through papers in front of them . my surprise must have been visible because the first thing they said was  do not be shocked by our numbers , these proceedings are being simulcast to all the remaining members of the council and approximately 20 billion viewers on gspan .  only 20 billion ? no pressure right ! newline newline the slug in the center waved towards a lazboy of all things  please sit , we were unaware of your species  seating preferences but this device seems popular .  truth be told i was glad for the recliner . it felt like home , it made me want to be home , sitting in front of my 50 inch plasma with teenagers yelling expletives in my years . anywhere would have been better than sitting in front of the alien un woefully unprepared to provide evidence for the sapience of humanity . how would i even start ? newline newline  now that everyone is comfortable , we can begin  the slug shifted and pawed at his transparent piece of paper  bob mcdougal  . newline newline  yes  newline newline  is that your name ?  newline newline  yes  newline newline  are you a resident of abilene , texas , usa , epsilon 63 aka  earth  , epsilon 6 system , orion arm .  newline newline  yes  newline newline  you have been brought in front of this committee today to provide evidence for the hypothesis that earth contains sapient life . you may begin when ready  newline newline i was never going to be ready , but i had to start somewhere . i thought of music  elvis , mozarth , beethoven , nirvana ! how they could move us in such amazing ways but that wasnt really proof of sapience . i thought of art ! then i realized i knew nothing of art ! i taught sixth grade in texas ! i didnt know anything about art ! clearly this was a situation more suited to philosophy anyway in which case we were screwed . why ? because i had taken one philosophy course in my entire life , an intro course where i kept trying to hit on the girl next to me . i remembered very little and what little i remembered was bound to be pointless . but , if american education had taught me anything , it was how to bs when your life was on the line . so i started the way everyone who has no idea what they re talking about starts , with something so simple and recognizable that there was no way it would come back to bite me in the ass .  i think therefore i am  . yeah ... earth was screwed .day 351 of time travelling fun newline newline newline newline 100 bc newline newline newline i peer through a window in ancient rome to see the birth of a ruler , julius caesar . newline newline newline 60 bc newline newline newline i am disguised as a man named pompey attempting to get julius to fulfil his role as emperor of the rome . newline newline newline i dunno what time it is newline newline newline i am determined to destroy the british empire no matter what . throwing the tea became a one time thing instead of what i planned but , i was not done . i would go to india and start a revolution . i will cause the british empire to fall just wait just wait newline newline newline newline newline day 424 of altering history newline newline newline it is the year 1933 and hidden amongst the crowd i alter the votes , it is time to finally destroy the empire . newline newline newline later . oh no what did i do , i have caused a horror i can not bear to witness it what have i done i should have never done this . i am so sorry to everyone i should have never trusted that man . newline newline newline even later . i did it ... i think . i have just ended the war germany has lost i have done a great act to humanity . newline newline newline day 425 of altering history newline newline newline i have created a monster . i never meant this to happen to japan , i am so regretful newline newline newline day 674 newline newline newline that s it i ca nt do it any further . i quit newline newline newline day 42 of discovery newline newline newline i was having some fun and i may have accidentally messed up . i evolved the humans i never meant to change history . now i have to say goodbye to evolved ducks and make sure that these humans actually do something . newline newline newline newline newline                                                  newline the endi awaken in the dark , screaming . newline newline hunger and thirst have driven me nearly to madness . newline newline surely as a result of this insanity , i see a burst of light illuminate the night . as the blast fades , my prison for the last three months begins swaying rhythmically , and a soft wind whooshes overhead . from my prone position on the deck of my vessel , i observe the motions of the heavens , the moon and stars rotating slowly in their hypnotic cosmic dance . hypnotic enough , in fact , that my hunger slowly subsides , and i allow myself to drift back into slumber with the rolling of my boat . newline newline looking down , the parent sighs in relief , and quietly leaves the nursery .the adhesive pulled away from the restraint as the garment unraveled itself . grinning maniacally and uttering incomprehensibly , it lay there , grasping frantically at the man who stood just a few feet from him , out of reach . the man felt fear rising in his throat as his heart continued to beat faster and faster . his eyes darted around the sparse room . he had to find something to defend himself . that thing was about to break loose and there was not a god damned thing he could do to stop it . newline newline still he moved closer , hoping to repair the restraints before any damage could be done . his hands shook as he tried to reaffix the straps , avoiding the greasy meathooks that swung at him with little efficacy . it s nails were sharp when they dug into his flesh , though he pulled away before it could do much more than graze him . the straps were failing . they were strained beyond their limitations . the man cowered back towards the door he came in , now closed . he did nt sign up for this . this was nt part of the deal ! the door behind him pushed forward slowly . he moved out of the way quickly , and was relieved to see his superior enter the room . she would know what to do , he rationalized , even if all we could do was minimize the damage . newline newline she glanced knowingly at the man cowering by the door , then at the table where it lay , still clawing viciously at the air to reach the helpless occupants of the room . moving towards the being , she steeled herself to repair the straps that the man had failed to apply . the thing bellowed and screeched as she approached , clearly very aware of who she was and what she had come to do . it would fight . it would not be restrained for much longer . newline newline the man called out to his superior , pleading with her to retreat .  get back ! we ve done all we can , but it did nt work ! get away , hurry !   you idiot !  she barked ,  we ca nt just walk away from this ! we have to do our duty !  even as she spoke , the restraints gave . time was distorted for the man as he watched , unable to move or think , as the restraining garment slid free of the being , its pale flesh quivering . newline newline the baby shat green baby diarrhea poop . it covered the front of the woman , ruining her clothes and staining her hands as the tried to contain the flow of torrential mass escaping from the baby s bowels . the man relaxed slightly , knowing the worst had come to pass .  do nt just stand there , get me something to clean this up !  the woman ordered ,  this is the last time you change the diapers .   honey , i m so sorry .  he grinned sheepishly , bowing out of the room . newline newline he sauntered down the hall , removing his phone from his pocket and dialing .  it s codename father .  he said , the emotion fading from his voice .  it s under control now , tell the exfil team to stand down . make sure no one sees them leave . no . no , she did nt notice . it had returned to normal before she entered the room . we need her alive , she s still useful to us . if it ever becomes a problem again , she might be the only one who can stop it . it seems to respond to it s biological mother . we should try to keep her unaware of the subjects real nature for as long as possible . so long as the real father never tries anything to get at the subject , the experiment can proceed as planned .  he ended the call and stopped , turning back towards the room where he could hear his wife cooing the demon that she had unknowingly engendered there . what the hell are you looking at ?  i raged . newline newline it was my last day , i had stopped caring a long time ago . i had always wanted to screw with the people i hated most in the office : james from sales , katie from accounts receivable , and leah , the vp of this pathetic business . newline newline for james : the above sentence was uttered as i stumbled out of the stall in the men s bathroom , completely drunk . newline  you say a word , i ll accuse you of sexual harassment , james .  newline newline  are you drunk ?  newline newline  yeah , what of it ?  newline newline  why are you in the men s bathroom ?  newline newline  because why not ?  newline newline newline i was nt intending on this being my revenge , but alcohol is a helluva drug . newline newline edit : formatting newline i ll have a pbr , please ,  i greeted the bartender with a smile and a  10 bill ,  keep the change as a tip .  newline the bartender looked at me in disbelief , raised an eyebrow , and then shook his head . he opened the freezer and grabbed a mug , then went into the back for a few moments . he emerged with a dusty can , grunted , and went to the sink where he washed it off . he then poured it in what i was sure was the wrong way , directly into the mug without tilting it , and a disappointing amount of foam spilled over the top of the glass , where he haphazardly scooted it over to me . okay , i thought , weird bartender  maybe i should wait before i tip next time , so as not to give a  6 tip on a  4 beer to a bartender as rude as this . whatever , i was just having the one anyways . i shook it off and raised the glass .  cheers ,  i said , kicked my head back , and emptied the contents into my stomach . ahhh , how refreshing . i closed my eyes and enjoyed the warm feeling taking over my body for a moment . newline  ey . hey yeeeoouu .  newline i opened my eyes and peered at where the voice was coming from . a bearded old man peered back at me with beady eyes . his wifebeater shirt and overalls made me recall that , despite the fact that i was backpacking to get a better grip on nature and reality , i was also on the part of the trip where i was passing through the south . newline  excuse me ?  newline  yew wan o  dem hippie folk ?  newline  what ?  i was a bit taken aback by his bluntness .  i do nt understand .  newline  we s a budweiser bar . yew kin take yer goddamn fancyschmancy pbr and shove it up yer ass , yahear ?  newline  yeah !  another accented voice shouted . newline i turned around . the entire bar of bearlike , redneck men had stopped what they were doing and turned to face us . some looked bewildered  others downright angry . newline  what ? listen , i just wanted a beer , and i do nt like bud , it does nt taste very goo ,  i was cut off by one of the men promptly picking me up and slamming me into the bar counter . i reeled in pain and collapsed in a heap . four of the men picked me up .  wha ?  i barely had the time to say in confusion as they began carrying me . i looked ahead and saw that we were going towards the door .  agh !  i said as they slammed my head into the door , opening it . newline  wait , just let me down , boys ! plea ,  the men all reared their arms back , then threw me forward with a force . i landed hard , sliding a few feet and scraping my arms and knees in the process . newline  yew want a pbr in the future , yew jist mosey on down to the gay bar up the road over there , alrighty ?  the redneck and his friends all laughed and shuffled back into the bar . newline newline i lay there for a moment , unmoving . this hurt . a lot . i did nt really want to move . what the hell , man , i only wanted a beer , i thought . the sunlight overhead suddenly was blocked . i opened one eye and saw a small , bookish looking woman peering back at me . she was cute . newline  you okay ?  newline  yeah ,  i said back ,  sorry , am i in your way ?  newline  no , but you re kind of just laying here on the ground . i had to ask .  newline  well , apparently they do nt like someone who orders a pbr in there .  newline  ahaha ! you actually went into bud s and ordered a pbr ? what the hell is wrong with you ?  the lady grinned at me and offered a hand ,  here , get up . everyone knows you only order bud at bud s . it s an insult to order anything else . come on , let s go get a drink at the bar up the way , they have a better selection . you can drink something better than a shitty pbr there . on me , really . best entertainment i ve had all week .  newline i used her arm to pull myself up .  but is nt that a gay bar ?  she dropped me back on the ground . newline  do you have a problem with that ?  she glared at me . newline  uhh ... no .  newline she smiled ,  good . now come along ,  she pulled me up and we began to walk together .item  :  scp383 newline newline containment object class :  keter newline newline alternate object class :  vermilion newline newline special containment procedures :  scp383 is suspected to have connection to scp382 , theoretical scp384 . at this time , a standard   researcher s note  containment method found insufficient for scp383 despite success with containment of scp382382b  20m x 20m x 20m inner dimensions 50m thickness earthen barrier is used to contain scp383 . newline newline scp383a is to be contained no more than 100m away from scp383 containment cell . newline newline due to its frequent attempts at containment breach , difficulty of containment and incapacitation , and high threat of foundation exposure , scp383 is to be contained in site  . the foundation will use the best of its resources to maintain all land within fifty  50  kilometers clear of human development . newline newline during solstices , no less than 5 dclass personnel are to be dispatched to scp383 s containment facility to initiate procedure 330kyushu . this must be repeated once a month to prevent containment breach . newline newline description :  scp383 is a massive , bipedal , dinosaurlike creature covered in red , segmented plates of thick skin that act as armor . it has a gray underside and large white spikes that run along the sides of its head , body , and tail . it has four claws on each hand , four bulldozerlike blades on the end of its large tail , and three claws on each foot with grey markings under its feet . it appears to be somewhat intelligent , though has not expressed communication . newline newline scp383 has been observed to be extremely dense for its size , and cause a localized high pressure system . high pressure systems caused by scp383 in base state are not considered anomalous . newline newline in case of containment breach , scp383 is to be tracked and recaptured by all available mobile task forces , and no teams with fewer than seven  7  members are cleared to engage it . to date    attempted breaches number at 1 , at temporary containment facility within 1km of scp382 .  see addendum 383iv  newline newline scp383a is a large ruby with 30cm radius . scp383a displays no anomalous properties when separate from scp383 , except a strong resistance to damage . newline newline when scp383a is placed in close proximity   5m  of scp383 , scp383 reacts with scp383a to result in form scp383b , in a procedure 330kyushu . high pressure generated by scp383 increases along with temperature of region near scp383 at a constant rate , with 6 months being the approximate point for scp383 s localized weather system to reach anomalous levels . procedure 330kyushu destablilizes scp383 s weather system and replaces with scp383c , though prolonged sustainment of scp383b is highly dangerous . scp383b can be sustained for up to 1 hour when separated from scp383a , at which point scp383b reverts to scp383 . newline newline scp383b is similar to scp383 , except with a changed coloration and generating scp383c in lieu of the standard high pressure system . newline newline scp383c is an anomalous highpressure weather system generated by scp383b . scp383c displays properties consistent with a nonanomalous high pressure , high temperature weather system . scp383c , unlike a standard scp383 generated weather system , can not be interrupted by local weather patterns , only overwritten by scp382c low pressure , low temperature system and scp384c varying pressure  low altitude jet stream  system . presence of scp383c rapidly causes exposed liquids to immediately boil , though having little to no effect on exposed solids . newline newline   newline newline addendum 383i : newline newline  scp383d  logs newline newline  scp383d  has incorrectly been recorded as an object pertaining to scp383 .  scp383d  is correctly classified as scp385b , due to its origin from scp385 , and is in fact more similar to the theorized scp717 . newline newline   newline newline addendum 383iii newline newline history : newline newline scp383 has been the first of numbered scps to manifest and is likely one of the more dangerous entities . scp383 was originally found in 2017 , by   , and immediately moved to provisional containment area 151 . due to incidents with scp382 , scp383 is now moved to current site  . newline newline reports of a dormant scp383 have surfaced since 2000 . at year 2011 , scp383 has been reported to have shifted in its dormant state . this coincided directly with the disaster in fukushima . scp383 in an actively confined container is unlikely to show similar results except after containment breach . newline newline   newline newline addendum 383iv newline newline site 151 containment breach newline newline scp383 and scp382 were contained in close proximity at provisional site 151 . scp383 was able to effortlessly destroy titaniumreinforced steel plating used for containment of scp383 and 382 . scp382 and scp383 proceeded to activate both regional weather patterns . newline newline scp383 was recontained using an instance of scp292 . scp382 ceased aggression upon subduing of scp383 . newline newline   newline newline further information on scp383 is restricted to e4 council newline newline addendum 383v newline newline scp383 is an entity known as   , the continental guardian   intentionally redacted name  . a draconid codex indicates prior encounters with scp383  excerpt below  : newline newline the embodiment of the lands has passed its judgement . the embodiment of the seas has flooded the world with its sorrow . the laments of the sky s arbiter echo through the winds of the west . may the tides recede and the land and sea remain forgotten , lest the sky be called to battle once more . newline newline passage likely refers to myths involving scp384 s negation of weather patterns generated by scp382 and scp383 . scp384 has yet to be noted or contained . newline newline it is not clear why and how scp383a came into play , though scp384d may have some relation to 383a and 382a . newline newline projections state that scp383b will breach containment within the next 1020 years . though procedure 330kyushu is effective at destabilizing scp383 weather patterns , a cyclone storm formation near scp383 s confinement during procedure 330kyushu is inevitable . newline newline research is underway to seal scp383 using scp384b . attempts at using scp385 have resulted in immediate transformation to scp383d. scp383d is being presented as an entity generated purely using scp385 , as to avoid internal panic . newline newline scp493 has not been tested with regards to scp383 , though scp4935 is potentially usable to combat scp383 and scp383b . scp49310 is inadvised due to scp383c effects . newline newline scp383 is the most potentially destructive of all vermilionclass entites . usage of scp718l is inadvised due to its ineffectiveness against scp383 . c newline newline in the meantime , contingency containment methods have been prepared in the case of a scp383 breach without scp384 or scp493 . newline newline approved by the unanimous vote of the e4 council on  .the man in the black robe waited in the room , hiding in a dark shadow . he s mastered the art of sneaking to a point . he could practically hide in the dead of daylight and it was most likely everyday people would nt bother to notice him . he s also tried his hand at the art of patience , but he still needed work at that . this mission was just killing him , where was his prey ? he made his dagger dance across and between his fingers , his version of a stress ball . how long was it since he came here ? newline newline he figured there was no use in hiding in this shadow , so he stretched his body . of course , this did nt mean that he was unaware of outside  his sense of hearing sharpened with years of practice . one sound of a step , and he would bounce back into the black with amazing stealthiness . he did more of the dagger juggle , coiling up his impatience into a rock of temper . oh jesus , cmon !  , he thought , where is the bloody bloke ?  he looked at the bare lightbulb , which hung from the middle of the cement ceiling . medievalism with a dash of  modern  technology , he thought earlier . newline newline his side vibrated . he pulled out and flipped open his phone , a relic in a surging sea of new electronics . the boss . he answered , and was met with an attempted whisper . newline newline  is it done ?  he asked . newline newline  no . i have no idea where in bloody hell this man is .  he juggled the dagger faster . newline newline  ugh , i had a feeling this would happen . he is nt always a man of punctuality . must ve been a detail i left out in the slip .  newline newline the man in the black robe remembered reading the slip , straining his eyes to see what the boss s small handwriting said . what  slip  it was . newline newline  my mistake .  the boss continued . newline newline my mistake ? what kind of a person leaves out an important detail like that ? ...  newline newline  anyways , since he did nt come , i ve no need of your services . you re already expensive enough . come to my house in the morning , and you ll receive your pay . bye .  newline newline he closed the phone and put it back in his pocket . he sighed . all this for a standup . he had more appointments to sort out , in a booming age for hitmen.he hoped he would nt be too tired for the one set up tomorrow afternoon by a certain businessman . he walked to the door and tried to open it , but it would nt budge . he pulled and jiggled with all his might , but to no avail . he pushed and slammed against the door , but nothing . he took out his dagger . nothing . he yelled for help . nothing . he searched for some mysterious key , which of course did nt exist . newline newline  looking for something ?  newline newline joseph tensed , his hand choking the handle of his dagger . he heard the click of a pistol . he recognized the voice as the man he s supposed to hit  the boss gave him recordings of some of his speeches . newline newline  i ll keep my words for goodbye short and simple . your past has come back to haunt you . hard .  newline newline he pointed the gun at joseph s head .  goodbye , evil man .  newline newline he fired . joseph lunged and tried to attack him , but marcus was too fast for him . he went to the army , so he should know how to work one well . memories flooded into his mind , dark and red . back home , red everywhere , and bedsheets on the staircase . if joseph bothered to listen closely , the last words he would ve heard was :  for her . the cold left his body , and he began to get used to moving again . the door popped open and he immediately was looking down the barrel of a gun . newline  who are you ?  he said to the man .  that does nt matter now , i need your help waking the others .  his antagonist said in a deep , gritty voice .  what about my money ! i invested everything i had !  he exclaimed with alarm .  what do you mean by money , the world has nt used a form of currency for the past hundred years .  the man said with surprise .  wha what happened  he said he said with concern .  i ll say again , we need to wake the others .  the man said with growing anxiety .  hey ! i m not doing anything until you tell me what happened  he said .  look , if you feel like dying right now , then go ahead and do nothing  the man said while beginning the wake up process on the next chamber .  they re coming for us  the man said ,  and i m not ready to die yet . i m in the cafeteria eating my lunch . i sit at an empty table . i m the awkward one in school , the one most people make snide remarks about because i m an indian and love comics . i m the one bullied by the same 3 people  bullied because they consider me an outsider . newline newline i look across the cafeteria and see her . her name is venissa . she s a gorgeous guyanese girl , one of the most popular in the school . not only is she pretty , she is intellectual . she is smart , talented , motivated to succeed . also , many of the popular boys want her . newline newline i found myself crushing on her a couple weeks ago . we were in our annual senior assembly . she was the student body president and was set to give a speech . she comes to the podium and waits for complete silence . she talks about success and the struggles she had to face as a child . parents were in jail for multiple drug charges and she was in and out of foster homes . newline newline she continues to talk and brings up that she too , was timid and antisocial . she talks about how she stood up for herself , how she silenced all her haters . while i was listening to her , i thought that i could do it too . but carson , eli , and fidel thought otherwise . newline newline these three guys have been best friends for years . they came from rich families . their parents were all successful businessmen . but they were also racists . they defined themselves as the  true americans  and looked down on everyone who was nt white . their kids inherited their prejudice . newline newline i see them walk in . i see them lock eyes with me . i see them walk to my abandoned table . as they walk up , i put all my belonging away , as they have to tendency to throw them into the trash . carson yells out ,  baljeet !  the whole cafeteria looks on now . newline newline i do nt look up to him . he finds eye contact as a challenge to throw hands , and me being a scrawny indian kid , would nt stand a chance . eli and fidel stand behind me and take turns taking potshots on my head . to any other person , it looks like they are just playfully tapping my head , but it starts to hurt . newline newline carson continues to berate me .  how s your father ? how s that useless store of yours ? does your father like it here ? i bet you , he wo nt . we will make your life , and your families life hell . also , did you replace the window we broke last week . do nt worry , we ll just break it again .  newline newline eli and fidel snicker and throw in some comments if their own . they continue on for a couple minutes with the whole cafeteria listening . the lunch aides are nt doing anything to help me out  they do nt care what happens as long as a fight does nt break out . newline newline the whole thing they are insulting me and my family , i m thinking about vanessa s speech about hardships and standing up . i m thinking that it s time . it s time to stand up for myself and my family . newline newline i look right up to carson . he is taken back by the vicious glare that s on my face . i slowly stand up face to face and lock eyes with him . with a loud  enough ,  i shove carson with all my strength and he flies back 15 feet into the wall . eli and fidel are also pushed back . newline newline the entire cafeteria is silent . carson , eli , and fidel look horrified . the lunch aides are just staring . i look at my hands in complete bewilderment and then look at vanessa . she had a sly smirk on her face , and her eyes are gleaming . she gives a slight nod and i feel a surge of confidence in me .jason always looked forward to his two weeks . it was the most memorable part of his year and he always makes sure to be in top physical shape when it comes around in september . everything seemed fine and okay until he met bruce . newline newline first thing he noticed was that bruce was constantly checking out chics . this struck him as odd because he only felt that way in september . next thing he noticed was that bruce seemed to constantly buy condoms . this sufficiently piqued jason s interest so he asked bruce what exactly was going on ? newline newline bruce swore jason to secrecy and told him something that he could nt believe . newline newline  you are a slave jason . born into a prison you ca nt observe . that s why you ca nt get horny all year . you have been robbed of your aura . your psychic halo has been cannibalized . it s standard for the plebs , the unelected . someone out there is fucking all year on your behalf . it sucks i know .  newline newline  get the fuck out of here with that bullshit  jason responded . newline newline  i thought you ll say that  replied bruce .  lem me lend you mine for a minute .  newline newline instaboner . newline newline jason was so horny even the crack of dawn was nt safe . and then bruce turned it off . newline newline fuck ! jason could nt believe it . he cried and sobbed and sobbed . newline newline how do i get it back he begged ? how ! ? how ! ? newlineit was strange . overnight i had become the most popular kid in school , yet know one could tell me why . stranger still was the zealous nature of the infatuation my peers seemed to experience . in the halls they would stare at my shoes , rub my feet , or even lick their lips . yes that s right , both boys and girls alike . newline newline newline stranger still was that no one seemed to notice how ridiculous it was getting . last week , i stubbed my toe , then carl charged me and pinned me against a wall . i had my first real kiss , which would have been amazing had he not been kissing my feet ... and followed by casey , then carrie , then chad . i still have nightmares about chad . newline newline newline my parents do nt believe me , and the staff never sees any of it . it s as if everyone is colluding to drive me insane . they ca nt all be in on it . yesterday kevin licked my foot during history class . he licked my foot . no one decried him , no one was grossed out  they all looked envious . i ll never wear sandals again . newline newline newline i keep trying to think back to when it all began . i remember , vaguely , a slumber party . just us four girls , we called ourselves the spice girls . there was rosemary , poppy , and ginger . of course i was there too . we played this game where we all put our feet in the middle and ask each other questions . if we lie , we have to take one of our feet out . the winner is the last one with their foot in the middle , and then everyone else has to do a dare . newline newline newline ginger and i were the only two left . she asked me something , and i told the truth . then i asked her if she liked sushi . not the food , mind you . there s a boy named sooshin who goes to our school who she had a crush on . anyway that s not important , what s important is that she lied ! newline newline newline we called her on it , and she pulled her foot out . and that s where things got weird . as i wiggled my foot in delight , i cracked one of my knuckles . the other girls all cried out  eww ,  and so i thought i d get them back . newline newline newline  i won , and since you all think it s gross , you can all lick my fat foot !  since i won , they had to do it . jokes on me though , word got out and now everyone s doing it . i just do nt get it though . i guess i ll never understand why kids love the taste of cinnamon s toes crunch . newline newline newlinejoe bradley was a selfmade billionaire . he founded bradleytech , proprietors of the best selling bradleyphones and bradleypads , and began investigating cryogenic freezing . once he had turned 80 , joe was diagnosed with terminal breast cancer , close to his heart . he decided to freeze himself until there was a reliable cure . newline newline the second his consciousness faded when his scientists froze him , he woke up in ... paradise was the only way to describe it . whatever you liked , whenever you liked it . newline newline in fact , he was in the middle of a massive feast of spaghetti , when all of a sudden , he woke up on a steel table , a flickering light in his face . as he started to get up , a tall , mustached man threw a pickaxe into his hands , and muttered  work  while pointing a submachine gun at his head . newline newline what had happened ?  joe thought as he slaved away in a coal mine with thousands of other people , as more men , some of them with cybernetic addons , continued to point machine guns at him and his fellow man . he got six hours of sleep , two thirtyminute breaks a day for eating , and a small onehour break if every one had  good behavior  . newline newline eventually , he had pieced together what had happened from his fellow prisoners . newline newline after he had gone , for twenty years , progress simply accelerated . new tech , better tech arose . then cybernetics came into play . all the major governments illegalized it when george bradley , joe bradley s son , introduced it . but that did nt stop people . one could get  back alley  cybernetics , or go to a place such as russia or great britain where they were legal . newline newline eventually , it got aggressive . police under president tom hanks could xray a suspected cyborg at will .  cyborg rights  activists started to crop up , trying to legalize  nonlethal  cybernetics and give  treatment  to cyborgs . newline newline what happened next , joe could nt exactly pin down . some say that george himself put special chips in every cybernetic that allowed for mind control . others said that the cyborgs rose up of their own accord . either way , cyborgs overthrew all the major world governments in under a week . newline newline with the cyborgs in control , a new philosophy was established . the preuprising cyborgs were  the great cyborgs  . they got all the delicacies , such as cooked food and purified water . the other organic people were captured as slaves and had mandatory cybernetics implanted in them , forcing them to live unnaturally long lives and eat unprepared food , as  the lesser cyborgs  . joe understood that the men watching them were the  great cyborgs  , and everyone under them , including him , had been implanted with mandatory cybernetics . newline newline apparently , cybernetics had a fatal flaw that turned people sterile , so the cyborgs could never reproduce . what was left of the governments froze humans and put them underground , in bunkers . but the great cyborgs found them , and converted them to the lesser cyborg slaves . newline newline there were once resistance groups , sung about as bringers of hope , but once the great cyborgs had access to the killsats it was hopeless . newline newline joe spent the rest of his life attempting to suicide , to get back to paradise , but his implants prevented him from doing so . joe , and the rest of his race , slaved under the cybrogs until global warming roasted them all to death .golden waves undulate through the field as a soft wind moves across the pliant ripened grain , stalks drooping toward the rolling hills beneath . roots grab hold of the rich loam , untilled by stone nor steel , ever sweetened by the westward mountain thaw . broad oaks dot the landscape as stalwart green sentinels punctuating the seemingly interminable amber landscape , on which their long shadows fall . twin creeks , wrought with the alpine s summer lament , sew the panorama into a picturesque scene . newline newline through the tall barley a stag meanders . with stomach full , his aim is revelry in the countryside beneath his cloven hooves . the grain reaches for his shoulders as his sauntering carves a pathway through the pasture . happening upon its visage reflected in the mirrorlike plane of a creek the creature dips its mouth into the cool flowing water , drinking heartily . as the ellipses of the contorting surface subside a  v  of billowing clouds drag across the resonated water s surface . the stag casts his head upward . newline newline booming thunder rolls high above as a stepstone fusillade marches flames upon the land  streaks in the sky . here s you jerking off at your cousin s bathroom . next here we have you jerking off at the beach . the painting after that is when you re jerking off during your trip to the grand canyon .  newline newline  is there anything here that s not of me jerking off ? and why s all of these paintings of me masturbating here ?  newline newline  well , the gallery here is made up of the happiest moments of your life . we do nt judge what makes you happy .  newline newline  can you show me stuff that s not masturbation ?  newline newline  sure , if you just follow me this way , it s going to be quite a walk .  newline newline  it s not paintings of me at the whorehouse is it ?  newline newline  ...  how can this be ! how can my life be so terrible ?  newline david gazed despairingly at his reflection in the bathroom mirror . he barely even recognised himself , the lines around his eyes appeared like trenches , his hairline seemed to be receding at an alarming rate . his eyes looked like vortices , dark and devoid of life . a tear rolled slowly down his cheek . where were his friends now he wondered , where was his soulmate ? where was anyone god damn it , where was his god ? he pounded his fist on the mirror and let out a cry . the pain was just too much . gulping down another swig of bourbon , david s attention turned to the small vial of unlabelled pills placed on the sink . newline he shook his head . in the corner of his eye , he saw that his white pet mouse , alaska , had crawled into the bathroom .  i do nt know what the hell to do , lasky ! i really just do nt have a damn clue ! i m pushing 30 and i m unemployed , my girlfriend is long gone and my mind is going too !  the mouse walked up to david s ankle and gave him a curious look .  i m sick of everything lasky , i just do nt know what s wrong with me . please tell me what to do ?  newline  you know what you must do  the voice was small but crystal clear and perfectly pure . newline david looked at the mouse .  i did nt know you could talk  newline newline  you never asked  came alaska s reply . newline david laughed . it was true , he thought , he had never asked if alaska could talk , he had just assumed she did nt . newline  so what am i going to do ?  newline  you need to rob the local liquor store  newlinethere were three knocks on the door , i already knew it was bob . he belched in right after and started shouting :  hey , have nt you heard ? someone in australia spotted a dragon ! a dragon !  . i sighed , knowing bob s a bit mental about these things . sometimes i wonder what his ll be . it certainly wo nt be this mythical creature he s talking about .  dude , the lore says those are extinct . besides , my birthday is nt for another week and we re in the netherlands . not fucking australia .  newline newline three weeks since its appearance and the dragon has the world grasped in its havoc . the creatures are known to be feral when they have nt reached their collectors , it s how they call their owners . normally , if it s a big game like a lion it ll get some articles in the local newspaper . last time an elephant appeared around here it was in the national news . christ , this dragon would be the fear of anyone . no matter , i ve got more important things to focus about . there s the army tryouts next week and i need to get ready . newline newline they were a piece of cake and i ve been accepted . top honours , but i m getting concerned about my own pet . it s been two months since i turned 18 and mine still has nt shown up . would it be the dragon ? surely , it ca nt be . there are 7 billion people in this disgraceful fucking earth . it ca nt be ! but it was last spotted heading into croatia . could it be my nephew ? he does turn 18 in a month.. newline newline i m waiting in the break area just after finishing my last exam . the local troublemakers are picking on a scrawny kid three years younger than them . i head in their direction knowing they ll stop as soon as they see me . i stop dead in my tracks as the school starts announcing that the dragon has been sighted in a nearby village and requests everyone that is applicable for a creature to gather in the outside sporting fields . one of the bullying dicks jokes he s coming for me once the dragon is his .  yeah , i doubt it buddy .  newline newline there it was , a colour inbetween of dark blue and black and its wings darker than a burgundy red . the news said it was 10 meters in size already , greater than any creature they ve ever seen but it barely made the two meter mark . it s small , infantile even . at first glance it looked as if a large tiger could snap it in two , until the idiot ran towards it . it roared and set the ground ablaze between itself and the bullying dick . then it locked with my eyes . in that moment , i knew . i knew it was mine . a boiling heat could be felt across my lungs , as if the fire that was stored in my very own heart was flowing through my very fingertips . and then i noticed , his eyes . pitch black yet enlightened with the very same feeling of warmth . newline newline i looked at bob with astonishment but he had a smirk across his face that shouted  go !  . so i went , and it bowed down his head to accept my touch . it was mine . fucking hell . newline newline this is the beginning of my story , but in the few years that since have passed it s become a gigantic creature . i m fortunate that they do nt eat as it d probably devour a whole ecosystem before its hunger could be stilled for a single fucking day . space has nt been a problem as i invested in a couple of booming companies which made me millions , backed by the attention of the world s news . i m now a veteran , after having fought in the russian second millennial war . i ca nt complain , i m officially retired but here i am . i m bigger than the socalled  iron man  and instil more fear than that darned hulk when i need to .as night crept slowly across the sleepy surburbia , dan porter wrapped a blanket over himself and made his way down the steep enbankment to the ocean shore . newline newline  you re early today .  newline newline he smiled at the sound of the familiar voice , letting the soft , cheerful femininity of it caress his ears and heart as he sat on the sand in a place not too far from the ocean . newline newline  and you re closer to the water today , too ,  said the voice . newline newline  i ca nt help it . you draw me in more and more each time ,  he replied , features solemn as he searched the surface of the rippling waters for a sign of his hidden beloved . newline newline there was silence , except for the breaking waves . newline newline  speak to me ,  he urged .  let me hear your voice .  newline newline  i ... this may be the last time you see me . there is too much evil among your kind .  newline newline his brow furrowed as he listened to her words .  what do you mean ?  newline newline  you are a good man , dan . i speak highly of you to my people . they come sometimes and watch you from afar . but , we had made the mistake of assuming that everyone amongst your species were possessing of the same kindness and gentles that we see in you .  her voice dropped .  we were wrong .  newline newline  tell me ,  he encouraged . newline newline  the other night  after we had gone , another man came . and my sister had stayed behind . this man and her talked and he convinced her to come ashore with him . he did things to her  i heard her cries . i came , but not quick enough . she is no longer pure . she is defiled . violated . her blood attracts sharks , and our rate of death has risen . we must migrate or face extinction .  newline newline  tell me ,  he demanded .  tell me who did this and i swear it , i ll make them pay !  newline newline  we know not his name . only my sister knows his looks , but she is still too traumatized to speak .  newline newline  then take me with you .  newline newline  i wish i ...  newline newline he stood and walked towards the ocean , not stopping as the waters swallowed him up to the waist . and yet he continued to walk . newline newline  dan ! what are you doing ? ! stop !  newline newline  if i can not follow you , then i will wait for you in heaven .  newline newline and he continued forward until the waters of the ocean swarmed in from all sides , washing over his head and plunged him into unfathomable depths . newline newline he did nt even try to hold his breath . if one could cry underwater , he would be . all he did was await his death . newline newline but as he felt the oxygen leave his body , a figure saw over him and placed its lips on his , filling his lungs with new air . newline newline he opened his eyes and stared into hers . newline newline  you were willing to die for me ...  she said . newline newline  if you left me , i would have died anyway .  newline newline he smiled and kissed her again . newline newlineart we to dwell on this thing that hath imprisoned us ? shall the kings keep us bounded evn  though we are but birds that must fly ? nay ! they strive to bring us down , but tis us that bring them up ! choose i must to be a hound or a houndsman , slave or master , wife or man of the house of bondage . ere this , i was the student , trapped in the studies of the world . now shall i shall establish my learnings upon the world , and return those whom before hath held me and send them back into that prison whence i hath just forsakened .it was a typical tuesday afternoon in the office . felix bowman was trying to put the finishing touches on a large project . his first large project since the incident that landed him in this position . he did nt like to think of the incident . he wanted that to stay locked away in his past . buried deep in the trenches of his mind , but every now and again the memories would creep back up , and remind him of the things he had done . he took a slow sip of his now tepid coffee , and turned his mind back to the task at hand . newline newline  ah , yes , yes . that should work .  he murmured to himself .  yes , that will do .  he continued , his mind now lost on the project . he continued murmuring and making notes . his coworkers were accustomed to this . felix always murmurs when he s onto something . it s long periods of silence when you have to begin to worry about felix . his coworkers know that . they know it s best to leave him alone during his quiet times . newline newline he was deep in thought when he heard the familiar ping indicating he had a new email . he continued with his train of thought before it got lost to him forever , ignoring the little icon reminding him someone wanted something . someone always wants something . no one ever just says hello  , or join us for lunch  anymore . those days are over . newline newline with the train of thought now complete , he finally turns to his computer to read what the intrusive ping delivered . it s from downstairs . it s never the best news when it s from downstairs . they want to see him right away . it seems important . of course it s important . it s downstairs . he stands up for the first time in hours , takes one last sip of his now completely cold coffee and heads for the elevator . newline a sign written in blue ink and taped to the elevator doors indicates it s out of order .  typical  , he thinks as he heads to the stairs . 13 floors to go , three below ground level . the bottom . as low as you can get in this cement and steel tower . he used to wonder why the bosses wanted the bottom floor as offices , but since the incident , he is now well aware of why . he s sure they re going to expect a repeat performance , but he did nt think it would be necessary so soon . it s only been a few weeks since the first . maybe this is just how it goes . newline newline he reaches the receptionist desk outside the large boardroom doors , and offices of the bosses . he explains why he s there , and gives his name . she nods , and presses a button on her phone .  yes ?  a deep voice booms over the speaker .  mr . bowman is here , sir .  she replied .  put him in the board room , please . we re waiting on mendez .  she says nothing more , she just stares at him with her dark eyes . her dark knowing eyes . newline newline the boardroom is large , with one monumental table in the centre . at the far end of the room is a smaller table with bottles of water , some fresh fruit and small carafe of fresh coffee . he takes a seat near the middle of the table , facing the door . a clock on the wall behind him ticks . louder , and louder each time . tick . tick . tick . he s getting nervous . while he ca nt be certain , he s fairly sure he knows why he s here . tick . tick . tick .  damn that clock !  he thinks . he wants to smash it . rip it from the wall , and smash it on the floor . to end its relentless ticking . newline newline now there are voices outside the door . mendez must be here . he can see three shadows outside the frosted glass pane beside the door . they re exchanging pleasantries .  how lovely  he thinks , while still wishing he could smash that clock . the door opens , and mendez , palmer and wright enter . felix stands to greet the men , who are all tall with dark eyes , like the receptionist s . newline  good afternoon gentlemen  he says as they take their seats across the table from him . newline  yes , good afternoon mr . bowman says palmer , his deep voice oddly soothing . how are you coming along with your latest project ?  he continues . newline newline  good , sir . i have some final factchecking to do and then i have to finalize my report . it was a bit of a slow start , but i believe i ve got something solid  . newline  excellent , ca nt wait to have a look .  says mr. wright , as mendez nods in agreement and palmer opens a large folder . newline  now , to get down to the business of the day  says palmer , his voice much more stern now , less soothing . serious .  do you know why we called you down here ?  he asks . his mouth is suddenly very dry , his throat feels like it s closing up . the room is suddenly very small . tick . tick . tick . the clock is booming now . he clears his throat and responds with a quiet  yes .   yes , sir , i know why i m here . i know what you re going to ask me to do . i ve done it before , and i know i can do it again .  newline the three men nod , and simply say  good  . newline newline they all stand to leave , and palmer adds  his name is terry andrews . all the details are in the file on the table . due date is october 27th .  newline they leave . felix sits back in his chair , and takes a deep breath . the clock is quiet now , it s still ticking , but it s muted . he reaches for the file across the table , and opens it . terry andrews stares back at him . it s a black and white photo , but the details are there . he glances at the file , and finally reads the words he was dreading . newline newline terry andrews , 7th birthday party . theme : monstertruck driving zombie pirate dinosaurs newline newline  you get drunk at one christmas party , come up with the worst idea ever , and it takes off  he says to himself as he gathers the file and walks out the door . newline newlinethe halls of heaven . pastor buck had dreamt of it all his life . the city itself was all he had imagined  and more . the streets were , as the book said , all paved with gold . all the walls he saw were garnished with all manner of precious stones . he had walked through a dozen gates , each made of pearl . the gates had been wide open , for who would even think of challenging the foreboding angels who guarded them . walking through all of them he had finally reached this palace of light , the halls of heaven . the ambassador of earth to god . not bad for a small town country kid from the heart of iowa . newline newline  earth !  , pastor buck heard a loud voice calling . he turned around to the resplendent soldier of god and showed his credentials .  peter buck , human , ambassador of earth . you are late . your seat  s there . go quickly , the conference is about to start  , the sergeant said . pastor buck , nodded quietly and shuffled quickly , to take his place in the round table . the round table was populated by sentient creatures of all worlds . these were the creatures of myth he had grown up reading about  the centaurs from alpha centauri , cerberai of cannis major , the typhons of orion . all of god  s creatures great and small . except they all had a look of oneness among them , a look of someone who had been beaten down again and again . newline newline god spoke with a thundering voice  it has far been too long my children . you know why you have been called here.  he looked at them with a withering eye  the tributes you have sent have been inadequate . you will double it for the next three thousand year , or will no longer receive my mercy  . newline newline  again ? !  the cerberus protested ,  but we  ve emptied our mines of jasper , our people are starving , the pups do not see a futur   .  silence !  the guard behind him roared . everyone froze  it was a dragon . three thousand years back , they all had received god  s messengers and had submitted to the will of god . the messengers had provided the charm , but it had been the dragons that had put the fear of god in them . newline newline god went from world to world , and got their consent , a few protested , but not too loudly , for who did not accept god . then he reached earth  s place , and said ,  i see that you worship me with great fervor , but it appears that no tribute has come . i would have acted earlier , but a thousand of your years is but a moment for me . what happened ? was not christ able to build the spaceships ? your tribute will be ten thousand tons of gold each year for the next thousand years  . pastor buck replied  my lord , we will not  .  you can not ! ?  , god roared ,  i will ask christ to raze you to the ground with the dragons  . peter buck replied  i said we will not . the dragons are dead . we killed them . as for your son  the next person you send will face the same fate.  . he took out his crucifix , and laid it in front of god . as god  s face turned ashen , peter buck of iowa got up and left the hall , walking away from the light ...i saw her across lawns lush with life . flowers and grass bloomed with replendant colour all about , as growth rampantly flourished in this most dampened of atmosphere s . newline newline dressed in black she stood , face sombre , nonetheless she was beautiful  a lily of perfection amidst a sea of despair , floating on top of the waves with shape unchanging , and perfection unyielding . newline newline i placed her at about 25 years old , a woman in the fullest of bloom before the age captured her looks , and the petals began to fall . eyes of deepest blue , with golden hair cascading like a waterfall over a dress of black , my young mind was toppled . newline newline i was smitten , and i nervously flicked my eyes at her above this collection of mourners , this group of discontent . i saw her eyes flick back , once or twice , and my heart leapt . newline newline i was in turmoil . i did not know the connection she had with the person whose body had been lowered into the ground , my grandfather , my pops . this was not the place for such things  the funeral of your mother s father was no place to be eyeing up ladies . my mind was not on the grieving task at hand though , and it could not be distracted , just one more quick glance at her . just one more . my grandfather would not have minded , i can picture his wry old smile now if he d have known . newline newline later on , in a collection of downcast eyes and mumbled sincerities , we talked . i liked her , and i inwardly grinned as i saw her stifle laughs as we spoke  after all , this was not the place for such things . newline newline we agreed to meet , and over dinner she revealed that she had been a nurse for my grandfather . she did nt always go to the funerals of her patients , but they had been friends at the end , and she had cried softly as she held his hand , watching him slip in and out of life in the early hours of the morning , as his family slept in their beds , warm and snug . newline newline my sadness caught me then , seemingly on hold since the funeral , and she smiled softly as my eyes began to well . this was not the place for such things . newline newline afterwards the conversation turned , and we laughed until the early hours of time , two young people , tending earth to see what might yet grow . newline newline i like her , and i think that she likes me . we are meeting up again soon . newline newline if my grandfather had nt shown her kindness , and friendship , perhaps this would not be . i suppose there s a lesson in there really  you never know the outcome of what you do , and ripples can spread long after the stone has sunk . newline newline thank you grandfather , for being the man you were . newline newline thanks pops .the president stood before the crowd . the two long terms had certainly taken their toll on him  to any observer it was obvious that any semblance of youth had long since disappeared from his face . the years had locked his expression into a sort of permanent scowl , forced it into a perpetual sneer that even now he could not escape . while cheers rang out all around , he could barely muster the subtlest of smiles . he was a broken man , the president , and there was nt much left for him . newline newline newline the noise subsided , and all was still  the air stirred ever so softly as the silence rose higher and higher . then he spoke , voice still smooth as silk  it had been his defining characteristic back in the polls  and all around the nation , people watched and shuddered in anticipation . newline newline newline  my fellow americans ,  he began , per the norm ,  it has been an honor being your president and serving this country .  a bout of applause broke out here . newline newline newline he cleared his throat and continued :  and over these eight years , i must say that the greatest thing about the american people is their resilience and determination and persistence ...  he paused , flummoxed by the sudden synonyms , before clearing his throat once more .  the people of this nation are what make it the greatest on earth . and i believe that , in spite of all that has happened over these two terms   newline newline newline he fumbled with the cue cards for a moment , muttering something to himself .  no , that s not ... here it is .  once again , he cleared his throat , and the audience was captivated .  my fellow americans , i have a story to tell you . i believe it encompasses everything that is just so noble about our nation s spirit . i really do just have to share it .  newline newline newline  several years ago ,  he started .  decades , actually . back in law school . i was still studying , taking classes at harvard , i did nt know i would be a politician just yet , and i certainly did nt know i d be president of the united states .  laughter from the crowd .  that was back in ... 12 ? 13 ? forgive me , my memory s not too precise . but as the story goes , i was lonely . nowadays i m thankful for my lovely wife , linda   he gestured towards the first lady , prompting applause ,   but back in those days , i did nt really have anybody . and this is personal , you know , but i need to share it .  newline newline newline  so back in those days , i think it was october of my junior year , to be exact , i met someone . she was special . she was really something .  cue the awwwwws .  so , we were both in the same class , and we did nt talk much , and i guess i never really noticed her until that day . and on that day  my memory s coming back to me  i think it was a tuesday , and i bumped into her after class and we hit it off . and right away , i knew there was just something special about her .  newline newline newline  so i get to know her better , and i find out about her life and everything . she was a scholarship student , absolutely brilliant , actually , and came from a broken home in a bad part of philly and all that . and i admired her tenacity , because she would never give up at anything . ever . this girl would just , never give up . she believed truly in the causes she supported , the very same causes i support to this day . and i guess ... i was in love . but that s when the story goes a little downhill .  newline newline newline  so , many of you may know of an anecdote that s gone around , about my past and all that . if you have nt heard it ... well . i was a bystander in a bank robbery . yeah . well , already you can tell where this is going . so i m out on the town with her , we re just together , and we decide to do a little shopping . so neither of us has money in our wallets at the moment , so i say , hey , let s just stop by the bank and use the atm .  and she says yes and we go , and it s crowded and there s a line and everything . now , here s where things get out of control . five gunmen burst in with militarygrade automatic weapons and start screaming at everyone , and there s just a total panic and everyone is out of control . and they re clamoring over the furniture and trying to get out . so the gunmen , who the police later said were intoxicated , well they start firing . right into the crowd . right into her .  newline newline newline  and here s the thing , though . they shot at me . but she went out in front of me . and   he starts tearing up ,  in that moment i realized i had lost the most courageous and determined person i had ever met . to me , she was a hero , and in her dying moments all she could think of was saving others . and as she s lying there , breathing her last breath , she asks me to hold her close . and i do .  newline newline newline  she tells me she has a plan . amidst the chaos , this brilliant young woman has a plan for survival , even as she s dying . she whispers to me , this is what you need to do to survive . what all of you need to do . it s too later foe me , so you have to listen .  and that resonated with me , still does , because i m here today to tell this story because of her . and her plan is   newline newline newline  i have to open the door . i have to get on the floor . then , everybody has to walk the dinosaur .  newline newline newline the crowd is speechless . they are for a very , very long time . then they stop being speechless and become full of speech , angry , violent speech in fact , and start doing angry violent actions as well . they start getting riled up and throwing things and throwing each other as the president , with a shiteating grin , is airlifted out of the auditorium just as the rioting takes to the streets . newline newline newline within a week , the federal government has fallen . within a month , feudal lords have overtaken the continent . all other nations of the world cut ties with america , and it falls into a new dark age . technology is lost , life is lost , all hope is lost . civil war is rampant , and rages for a hundred years , before the nukes start dropping . they start dropping hard . a rain of fire decimates the oncegreat nation , and warp its inhabitants into mutants monstrosities . for a thousand years , there is only agony as the fallout clears . newline newline newline but the future is bright . the forests have returned , and man  as well as his mutant progeny  are abundant once more . great castles are built , mighty monuments erected . once again , it seems as if life can spring from darkness . newline newline newline but not all is well . monsters still lurk in the shadows , in the swamps . and in one particular swamp , there stands an outhouse . and inside ... newline newline  somebody once told me   http : youtu.beegzuludrpaa ? t17s i did nt feel anything . the room was gray . i had been there for a couple minutes now , but nothing changed in me . i did nt feel anything different . i did nt feel disappointed because i did nt have high expectations to begin with . i knew that nothing was going to fix the mess i molded myself to be and that s why i was ready to leave the room and live out the rest of my existence as i did until then : miserable . newline it was then when i realized there was no door . but how did i enter ? newline newline ... did i enter ? newline newline ... was i dreaming ?  no , it ca nt be a dream  , i thought to myself . i could remember going to the person in charge of the treatment and i remember , clear as day , how he led me into this room , reminding me it would all be over soon . newline newline  your suffering , i mean .  he said . newline newline  i do nt think you understand what you re talking about , doctor .  newline newline  oh , please , call me j .  newline newline  ... j from what ?  newline newline  you ll know real soon , do nt worry .  newline newline  alright  , i said , knowing well j was not a real doctor . newline newline oh , little did i know , j was more than a doctor . newline newline he was a lot more than a doctor . newline newline  j , how many people were selected for this programe ?  newline newline  oh , more than enough . did you know that this project is actually just a small fraction of a much bigger one ? it goes by s.c. not really fitting , if you ask me .  newline newline  and that would be short for ?  newline newline  again , something you ll know soon enough . when you meet my dad .  newline newline  oh , so he s the one that s leading this whole project .  newline newline j did nt respond and we just continued walking . i was horribly confused , but did nt try to think much about it . it was gon na be over soon enough . all those years ... nothing . absolutely nothing . nothing could help me , nobody could help me . at the beginning ... hell , i do nt remember the beginning . but , god , do i remember the end . the end was the last thing i remember of it and it is the only thing about it that can make me smile about it . newline no matter , i was still in the room . it was gray . why was it gray ? what did gray stand for ? i thought maybe it stood for void . for nothingness . newline newline i did nt have much time to think about it as the room started changing colors . no kidding ! the room literally started changing colors . first , it turned black . i could nt see the edges of it anymore and there was nothing . with the black came the quiet . i could nt notice the buzzing that was there when it was gray , but i could notice real well it was gone . and it made me feel ... small . it made me feel ... despair . real despair . i could nt move , really . it was ... smashing me . i thought i knew what it was , the depression . i did nt know anything . that pressure ... it was like all of it , throughout my life , had come together to smash me one more time . and merely the thought of that made it even more painful . newline newline that s when the black started to warp . it was leaving the walls and it was forming a shape ... a living , moving shape . newline newline that was me . throughout all my life , all of the despair , the sadness , the anguish , had taken form , to show me what i was . what i could become . and i did nt feel ... anything . that s when i noticed ... i was gray . i felt gray . but what does gray feel like ? what did i feel like before ? did i feel black , like the wall before ? newline newline ... the room started changing colors again . i still stood there , watching myself scream while nothing was heard . the room changed to many colours , but none of them had any big effect on me . i kind of liked blue , though . yeah , blue was my favourite . newline newline ... when did i start picking favorites ? newline newline what was this room doing to me ? newline newline that s when it changed . it was nt a room anymore . it was just ... color . it was just ... white . but that white made me ... feel . it made me feel ... good . i could nt explain it to myself back then , to me , it was something new . it was ... bliss . i looked forward to it , i wished for it . it surrounded me and myself and was so close , yet so far away . i wished i could touch it , i wish it could fill me up , i wish it could take me with itself and be with me all my life . newline but then i realised the gray was there again , taking the form of the room i had been in in the beginning . the dark version of myself was nt moving while the white circled around us , and fell on the ground as it disappeared . there was no pain on its face , but it was no longer ... me . i could nt call that myself , not now , not when i knew ... that i was gray . i was no longer black . i did nt want to be black , not anymore . i wished white . i wished it could be here forever . newline newline as soon as that thought crossed my head , the white , as if i was speaking out loud , started to go away . and i started running after it . i knew that this chase could go on forever , but now there was no black to hold me down . that s when i stopped , as did the white . i turned around only to see the black version of myself dissipating . i took a step toward it and it started creeping to me . not in human form , however , more like ... liquid form . it took the shape of a ball , as did the white , as they were both approaching me . i did nt want the black to come near me , i knew what it would do to me . i wished that it would be gone , that the white could maybe expel it from here . but , as i backed away , both colors began to merge . with themselves , and at the same time , with me . i did nt feel anything , there was no pain , but the experience was ... unique . everything started to fade out , i could nt see anything . newline newline there was a room . a room . i could do anything with it , as it was in me . it was my thoughts . it was my feelings , it was my mind . i could do anything with it . and i could change its color . my immediate thought was to make it white . so i tried . and with all my will and strength i made ... a white drop . a white drop . and when i tried to turn it black , it flowed through the roof like a river . what was happening ? why did nt it want to let the white through ? the room turned blacker and blacker as i got angrier . but this time , i could remove the black . it was no longer there . i tried to change it to white again , this time i tried harder . a couple of white drops . to this day , i m still getting white drops . the black comes from time to time , but it goes away . newline newline when i left the gray room , j was nt there . i heard from him 3 days later , he called me . asked how i was doing . t was the last i heard of him . he was a good guy . yeah , good guy . and he was right , you know . when i heard on the news about everything he d done , i knew what j stood for . newline newline                                                  newline i think you ll find this really confusing , as i did nt really think it through . i just liked the idea of the prompt and started writing . i mean , that s how it s supposed to go , right ? anyways , i tried to get a sort of mashup between a spiritual and a biblical theme for this one , the biblical one shown through j. i hope you get it , because i m honestly confused about what i wrote and i m sorryi was on my last one . well , not my real last memory  just the last one that was worth anything . no one wants to remember their first trip or how they got addicted . people would pay to get rid of the memories i had . no , just one valuable memory left . the most valuable , in fact . it was the memory of my parents . newline i walked down the street paved with rain and the tears of those just like me . i had never even considered of getting rid of the memory of my parents , but my finances had dwindled to nothing and reflected all i had . i walked , head down in shame at the duty to be performed , until i saw the lights of a store come back from the water below me . i knew where i was . newline i had been there several times before . once to sell the memories of the love of my life who left me alone in this world . again to sell the memory of my best friend before he hung himself . i hold sold everything , good and bad , for another fix . all that remained was loss . newline before i could open the door , a man with a bandage upon his head drunkenly made his way out of the local memory pawn and trade . he held in his hand what must have been  100 and did not bother to pocket it . i watched the sloth of a man make his way down the street past me and to a figure standing with an umbrella . there was a quick exchange to hide their misdeeds , but i knew what they had done . they did exactly what i would be doing on my release from the selfproclaimed  memory hospital .  newline through the door i went to sell what was left of my mind before i would have to sell my body too . a chime reverberated on my entrance and i got a soft greeting from the devil behind the counter . newline  hey , tommy ! what d ya come to sell harry today ?  harry announced with a greedy smile on his face and rub of his hands . newline  the last one .  i replied with my head still down in disgust at myself . newline  are you sure ?  harry lyingly worried . newline  i m positive .  i assured . newline i knew harry did nt care about me . he did nt care about any of the dirt bags that left his shop to get another fix . he only worried about where he would put the cash after he sold their memories so no cops would find it . newline  well , you know where to go .  newline harry continued on his work at the counter , making sure that he was nt jipped out of even a penny . i made my way to the backroom , mentally saying goodbye to my parents . all that would remain afterwards is how they died in the fire that took my home and my happiness . newline in the middle of the backroom sat a dentistry chair with a fluorescent bulb hanging by a string above it . harry would never let people see the brain drain for fear of people trying to recreate it and cut out the middle man . i sat down and waited for my memory s executioner . newline  alrighty , just had to sort the register .  harry entered with a thirsty grin on his face . newline  are you positive about this ?  harry inquired one last time with his fake concern . newline  just do it .  i replied while i closed my eyes . newline i felt a sharp stab of pain through my temple as the memory device did its work . it sucked every joyful moment i had had with my parents for the 9 years i had them out of my head . nothing remained in less than a minute . newline after bandaging my head , harry let me out on the street with my  100 . although i could nt hardly walk a straight line , i managed to make it down the street to my dealer , who was waiting in the rain . as i walked , i did notice one thing : a man with a hoodie on briefly made eye contact . i rubbed it off and kept on to my fix . newline the trade of hands took no time . after so many hits , my dealer and i could do an exchange in front of a cop and not be noticed . i finally had my fix . the bottle say in my hand , colorfully designed like a fourth grader with crayons would do it . it read :  poison .  newline why ... . why do i always fuck everything up ! why is it always me !  newline newline he said punching the wall next to the mirror newline newline  everything i have done has been a failure , college , my job , my love life , fucking everything since i was fucking born !  newline newline the wall had a small crack now . newline newline  if only i had nt been so stupid , had payed attention , gone to my dad instead of smoking that night , he would fucking be alive ! but no i had to fucking sit on my lazy ass and do nothing !  newline newline his face was becoming more and more red in the mirror , his veins protruding and pounding on his sweating forehead . newline newline  i should have done it a long time ago , then everything would have been better . my dad would be fine , my fucking ex would be happy and no one would have had to deal with me and all of my bullshit !  newline newline the walls shook as he pounded them . newline newline  if only i were dead no one could be hurt by me and all my fucking failures i might well just fucking ...  newline newline it finally gave in as his fist went through the drywall . he picked up the lamp next to him and threw it with all his force . it bounced off the couch and landed safely on the plush carpet . newline newline  i ca nt even break a stupid fucking lamp properly .  newline newline he looked to his left at the .45 revolver on the coffee table . newline newline  i guess it s fucking time then , time to rid the world of me and all my bullshit .  newline newline he picked it up and took out 5 rounds . he spun the last chambered round as he prepare it to fire . he pressed the cold metal barrel into his temple and felt the front sight against his head . newline newline h pulled the trigger as he thought about his failed education newline newline  click  newline newline he pulled again as he thought of his failure in college newline newline  click  newline newline he thought of his failure to save his dad s life he slowly pulled the trigger back . then he saw something . a flash in his peripheral vision . he pulled the gun away from his head and looked to the doorway . his dog had entered the room . he looked back to the mirror and asked . newline newline  what the fuck do i do now blitz .  newline newline then he saw something incredible , as he looked to his dog , he heard a deep soothing voice while his dogs mouth moved . newline newline  you forgive yourself . far far away in a small village nea newline newline  just stop where you are right now , i refuse to comply with this .  huffed a unknown young man . newline newline  i ll make myself known then . jerry blanche , 24 and single living in a small house on a hill outside of the village of kaep . now would you please stop this i m sure you have better things to do .  he chided towards the voice inside his head . little did he know his life was about to cha newline newline  i said no dammit ! no narrating my life , no telling me what i am going to do , no describing my surroundings , no nothing ! i suggest you take your voice and leave me alone .  his face was turning red , a clear sign that he was upset . he sighed and rubbed his temples . newline newline  look ... do nt you have work to do ?  he spoke calmly holding his frustrations inside himself . newline newline  i am talking you you ! answer the question .  he pointed forward as if there was someone there to point at . he was aware of me narrating this story but he was nt aware that i am a mere intern with nothing better to do . newline newline  i suggest you go eat lunch instead of sticking around here . i am but a mere shepard who has no need for great adventure or anything changing .  he expressed his fondness for being mundane and bor newline newline  just stop . i would like some peace and quiet . preferably for the rest of my life please . i ve seen ordinary men i once knew turn into a mere shadow of what they once were . they got hit by plot development and back story so hard they never returned the the lives they once had . do nt even get me started on those who got power hungry . they were honest good men . were .  he shook his head sadly and continued his speech . newline newline  i want to stay the way i am now . if you could let me live my life the way i want , i would be grateful .  he smiled warmly . today was not his day of destiny . his adventure stops here and from then on he decided how he would live by himself . newline newline  thank you , whoever you are .  and the voice he heard stopped . after this sentence .what i came to realize is that our world , our very reality is intrinsically meaningless and void . it is void in a sense that we have no purpose , we do not know what to do with ourselves . history is littered with examples of individuals trying to carve out a purpose , a meaning for themselves . the truth is that our reality is a made up concept , we invented it so we can pretend to do something meaningful . the painful , unchangeable , inevitable truth is , that this concept is like our individuality , abstract . newline now i do nt say that we should tear down these concepts , for without them there would only be the void and our so called intellect could nt cope with that . we need these abstract concepts , we need our reality , even if it means being stuck in an endless search for meaning . is nt that what drives us ? i think it is ! stop caring about what other people think of you , i know i do nt care . newline once more into the fray , live and die on this day newline edit : seems i was beaten , i m just gon na leave this here anyways yes , that  s what it said on the screen ,  i said .  feed me blood.  newline newline  hmm ,  said the technician on the phone .  i can  t say i  ve ever seen that one before . and you  re sure there was no error code ? without an error code , i can  t really look this up.  newline newline  no error code ,  i said . it just keeps saying feed me blood on the screen every time i try to print . weird , right ?  newline newline  well , not as weird as you  d think ,  said the technician .  up until a few years ago , these machines were made overseas . a lot of the error messages tend to be cryptic like this . bad translations , you know ? that  s why i need the error code.  newline newline  i  m telling you ,  i said .  there is no error code.  newline newline  there  s always an error code ,  said the technician . newline newline about this time , some sales guy from downstairs was approaching the machine with a stack of paperwork to copy . i snapped my fingers at the secretary and motioned to the guy . newline newline  can  t use the printer now , harvey ,  she said ,  it  s out of blood or something.  newline newline  but i  m just making copies ,  said the sales guy . newline newline on the phone , the technician was asking me ,  did you try restarting the machine ?  newline newline the secretary said ,  can  t use it for anything . you  ll have to come back later.  newline newline i sighed and said ,  yes . i restarted it . i turned it off for awhile . i pulled everything apart . everything looks fine as far as i can tell . the toner cartridges don  t feel empty . no paper stuck in it or anything like that . and look , i don  t know if this is relevant or helps you figure this out at all , but shortly before it started giving the error message , everything that we printed came out in what looked like , i don  t know , latin or something ?  newline newline over by the printer , the sales guy was saying ,  i  m meeting with a customer in twenty minutes . this is the only copier in the building . i need to use it now.  he was loading his documents up . newline newline  well ,  said the technician .  it probably wasn  t latin . i mean , i think this model was made in korea or somewhere like that . you sure it wasn  t korean ?  newline newline  i don  t think it was korean ,  i said . newline newline  feed me blood ?  murmured the sales guy .  just what the hell does that mean ?  newline newline i covered the phone receiver and yelled ,  i  m working on it right now.  newline newline the secretary said ,  i told you . the printer  s broken , harvey.  newline newline  but i  m just making copies ,  repeated the sales guy , obviously agitated .  if i don  t have this paperwork ready in twenty minutes , i could lose this account !  newline newline the technician said ,  are you still there ?  newline newline  yeah ,  i said .  i  m here.  newline newline  i can put in a service call , but my guy won  t be able to make it out there until this afternoon.  newline newline the sales guy was pounding on the buttons of the printer .  feed me blood ,  he repeated . i watched as he rummaged through his pockets and pulled out a black ball point pen . without hesitation , he jabbed the pen into his wrist . the secretary shrieked . i cringed . newline newline  what the f  i started , but couldn  t complete my sentence as i looked on , horrified . newline newline the sales guy , blood streaming from his wrist , looked at the screen and calmly punched a few buttons . he lifted the cover of the machine up and smeared his blood over the copier glass . a cool breeze drifted through the office and what sounded like a low moan emanated from the machine . a moment later , it whirred to life and started making copies of the sales guy  s documents . he gave me a smug look .  was that so hard ?  newline newline on the phone , the technician said ,  and that  s best case scenario . realistically , he probably won  t be able to come out to take a look at the machine until tomorrow morning.  newline newline  you know what ,  i told the technician .  it looks like the printer  s working again . i don  t think we need somebody to come out after all.  newline newline  great ,  said the technician .  these bugs have a way of working themselves out sometimes.  newline newline  yeah ,  i said . newline newline the printer churned out copies , one after another , with a rhythmic hum . maybe it was my imagination , but it sounded almost like chanting . like a deep voice , reciting some malevolent prayer in latin or korean or something . i shook my head and took a sip of coffee . now that was just ridiculous .year 1 newline newline the boy sees a great light in the sky , shining brighter than all the stars . he runs to tell his grandmother . in the rocky hills north of bethlehem , they live simple and quiet , and they have not heard the news .  grandmother ,  asks the boy ,  is the world ending ?  she stands by the window with him , watching the light .  i think the world is only now beginning , dear one .  newline newline newline year 1001 newline newline the boy sees a great cloud in the sky , ringed in red fire . he runs to tell his grandmother . in what will someday be the northernmost part of korea , they can only guess at the meaning of this sinister omen .  mother of my mother ,  asks the boy ,  is the world ending ?  she places a small , wrinkled hand on his shoulder .  for me , perhaps , the world is ending . for you , blessed child , it is all yet to come .  newline newline year 2001 newline newline the boy sees a great darkness and a falling tower . he runs to tell his grandmother . in a square of city they call soho , the sirens are louder than the television , so although they see , they can not know .  nana ,  asks the boy ,  is the world ending ?  she holds him , her tears falling into his curly hair .  i do nt know , lovey . perhaps it is .  we are few but we are relentless  newline newline newline  we are faithful but we are hopeless  newline newline newline  we are the unfrozen , and this is our story  newline newline newline a picture of elsa crossed out spins and fades away slowly , to a beautiful young girl with bright green eyes . newline newline newline  the year is 2027 ...  a men says mimicking a girls voice newline newline newline  give me that you flatty !  the men roars as the video transitions to a young boy newline newline newline  the year is 2027 , and thanks to you fuckers for making us suffer  newline the voice screams , with the camera shaking furiously but still focused on the boy newline newline newline  that s enough , you re just creating more work for the it crew  the men screeched and the video now focusing on a bearded men on his thirties newline newline newline  that young lady was reyes , she s in the commsmechanical department .  dropping the ladies building access card on the floor . newline newline  that young boy with freckles  the men pauses as he winces at the boy . newline newline newline  that boy was tom , and he s just going through puberty  newline newline newline nough said  the men chuckles slightly but with a vague of sadness in his eyes . newline newline newline  i m rome , this video is for the civilisation that comes after us . for the civilisation and the government that inherits earth , please learn from us !  putting down the bottle of tequila he was drinking from . newline newline newline  the year is now 2027 , we are in the verge of a beautiful destruction , but , we do our best to remain calm here  newline newline newline panning the video across to show a small messy conference room with roughly 2030 people ... all frozen of course . newline newline newline as rome continues to pan the video , he stops and focuses on the window behind the frozen faces . newline newline newline newline he walks towards it carefully making sure he does nt hurt any of the frozens in the process . he zooms in , it s bright and blurry , he allows a brief moment for the camera to adjust . newline newline newline there it was , a gigantic nuclear warhead the size of 5 twin towers , just about a can of coke away from hitting the ground in townhall station . newline newline newline  its frozen in time  he says with a sad and quiet tone newline newline newline  like the rest of the world !  more upbeat this time . newline newline newline  you see , i was fortunately able to stop time in 2017 just a mili second before the end of man kind , and unfortunately ? i am the only unfrozen . and honestly ? .. i m getting tired .  he mixes his words a few times but he manages to continue . newline newline newline  i shall tell you all , how this all started ...  newline newline tbc newline newlinei did nt realize when i opened my eyes that the colours were nt the same . newline the purple dyes splashed across the walls , the crisp baby blues of finger painted canvases hung proudly for all to see . i did nt even realize they were different . at first . newline my eyes did nt seem to want to stay open . in the back of my mind i thought , after yesterday , it s a miracle i got up at all .  newline that was all it took to get the memories rolling . my mind was the cinema , and the highpitched screams of delight were in surround sound . newline my body went through the motions , brushing teeth , pouring cereal , but my heart was nt in it . my heart was stuck 16 hours in the past . newline i wondered vaguely what i had picked for breakfast this morning , already forgotten as a backdrop to my replay of the waterpark . newline moving to get milk , because that s what my body was trained to do , i hardly registered the pain that shot up my leg from stepping on a mouse trap . i had forgotten it was there , and look at that , i had forgotten to put socks on . newline i did nt forget yesterday . i did nt get hurt yesterday . newline i ate my cereal , bland and tasteless , and thought more about how good , how spectacular the day before was . newline wow , the twister  was awesome , oh , and then when jimmy  newline i stopped thinking about it suddenly , my spoon scraped against the empty bottom of my bowl . i was done , a scattered handful of lucky charms laying dry on the tabletop . newline i had nt spilled yesterday . newline i pushed up out of my seat , and figured that it would be time to get ready for work by now . i took a few lazy , unmotivated steps back towards my room before stopping dead . newline there was a note pinned on the fridge , hanging precariously off of the edge of a magnet . it fluttered slightly in the breeze let in by an open window , and i watched it tumble to the ground . i needed only a cursory glance at the writing scrawled hastily across it to see that it was maria s writing . i needed more than that to absorb what was actually being spoken . newline maria did nt leave me yesterday . newline my hands shaky , barely able to grip the note , i listened for the soft thuds of tiny footsteps , of dani and ellis waiting for me to make them breakfast . newline  daddy , daddy ! pancakes !  thier little voices rang around the kitchen , echoing too loud . i did nt care . i was thier daddy , it was my job not to care . newline wait . that was yesterday . now , there was only silence . newline i still had my children yesterday . newline my life was together yesterday . newline yesterday was the best day of my life . newline but it was yesterday for a reason . he ... is dead . i needed to talk to him first !  the man in the suit nearly screamed at me . i put the cigarette to my lips and pulled . i exhaled with a quip .  then you should have sent a poet . i kill people , it is why you hire me .  the man in the nice threads reddened in the face .  but i paid you to bring him in alive !  i took the cig from my mouth and barked at him .  he pulled a weapon , kinda like how i will pull mine if you do nt give me the half i am owed . i used to lie compulsively in a daily basis . not to hide anything . i just did it because i found it easier to lie then simply tell the truth . if i was hiding anything it would be the fact that my faith towards the entire ideology of life was so piffling that i did not have anything left to believe in . but yet i live a normal life . i m not the type of guy you would normally find as a protagonist of a plot driven story . in fact i am probably not even a side character , i was one of the people you would usually see in the background . i have no virtues , morals or even goals . the future is a blur to me . i do not prepare for the problems that await me in the future . the present is all i have . i am just a boring , lazy fellow with absolutely nothing that stands out . the only character trait that i had was to lie to everyone . i liked deceiving people . it was something i had found myself doing very often . newline newline i walk into the office and i am greeted by the usual sight of bob trying to flirt with the front desk attendant stephany . i just walk over and sat down at my desk .  are you done with the report , james ?  the managing director glanced over at my cubicle inside the quiet office area .  you know it is due today , right ?  i leaned backwards on my chair and replied .  yeah , i finished it yesterday !  the manager gave me a look of suspicion .  if you have finished it , bring it to my desk before 4pm  he said as he left still carrying an aura of suspicion towards my reply . i sighed and i looked at the noticeboard . there were a couple of small memos and notices and a picture of denice , the employee of the month . then i saw a poster looking for humanitarian volunteers to help the red cross . i was never interested in justice , or carrying out humanitarian acts . i was just a man who was satisfied with the boring life that i had , and i do nt want anything less or more than what i have here now . i took a deep breath and quickly started tapping away at the computer to finish the report . newline newline i woke up the next day with a slight migraine . i looked over to see if tracy was still in bed , and found myself to be the only one in bed . it was 7am and i trotted over to the kitchen to see what tracy made for breakfast this morning . sure enough i was greeted with the smell of pancakes .  smells delicious tracy ! i love your pancakes !  she smiled  do you really ? make sure you finish them before heading off !  i started digging into the pancakes as i heard a voice  i am sleeping with your neighbor , stan  i suddenly looked around to see where the voice was coming from , but there was no one . tracy gave me a weird look .  are you okay james ?  i looked at her and then i stared at her for a while before shifting my glance back on to the plate .  yeah , i m fine just need some coffee !  newline newline as i walk in i see bob leaning on to the front desk again , stephany was actually flirting back today .  i want to put you up in chains against my bed with blind folds as i pull your hair towar  i stood there in shock . that was not bobs voice i heard just now . i looked around there was no one else around .  looking for someone mr.james ?  stephany asked  hey james ! you re a bit late as usual !  bob smirked at me .  go away loser , i am trying to corner my prey here  there it was that voice again . it was not bob nor stephany . was i hearing things ? newline newline as i walked over to my cubicle the managing director was coming towards me with someone i had nt seen before .  oh hey james ! here , meet our new it manager , dave . he will be joining us starting from today  he introduced the tall man with a clean trimmed beard and strong look he looked professional and had a very firm posture . he smiled slightly as he shook my hand .  hi , i am james  i said .  i am about to blow this entire building up later today .  my eyes widened . there it was again , the voice . unsure if i was hearing things or not i looked at the managing director and his expression had not changed . am i going crazy ? newline newline i started to recollect all that was going on today and i was thinking so hard about these things that i could not concentrate at all . what was it that i was hearing ? unsure of what to think or do about it . i stood up from my chair and walked towards the it area of the office . it was empty i looked over all the cubicles and desks and i saw dave going towards the managing directors office . i quickly look around not even knowing what i was looking for . i found a cardboard box under a desk labeled  cables  suddenly the letters on the box started to shift . i quickly put the box on the ground . the letters on the box now read  bomb  . i hear foot steps and i hide behind the door . it was dave he was talking on the phone . he paused right before entering through the door . then he started talking again .  yes sir , by noon all preparations would be ready and i will blow this place to the ground .  newline newline i had somehow escaped dave s sight . i took a break for a while and headed home . what was all this he was hearing . he must have really gone mad . i looked at the front door of my house and there was an extra pair of shoes there . as i went in and opened the bedroom door . i found my wife in bed with stan , my neighbor . newline newline truth was inside my head and started speaking to me . not to converse . just to point out all the lies that i am hearing .an old man lay sleeping on a bench , dressed in a suit , as blue as the ocean , no deeper still , and yet , as light as they sky itself . his hair had grayed , from it s original deep black , and now his hair was a light gray that was almost blue itself . as he lay snoring , a tall woman whose clothes were once pink as a fresh peach , yet even more vivid , walked up and sat across him . newline newline  i ve been looking for you .  she said , waking the old man ,  it has been a long time since we met .  newline newline th old man started and looked into the woman s eyes ,  is it really you , momo ?  he asked , slowly at first ,  i have not seen you since nagasaki , the first one , in 1945 ... or was it six ?  newline newline momo snapped her fingers , and a chessboard appeared on the table ,  it was five . now , we play . you promised me that one day we would play this game , for what you took back then .  newline newline  you know that i did it to protect them .  the man said , lazily waving his hand , and pieces appeared on the board , made of a beautiful blue metal , the kind of which had sunk beneath the sea ages ago .  if you read it , who knows what would happen .  newline newline  that is a lie . you never did anything for anyone . you would nt be able to motivate yourself . pathetic .  momo flourished her hand , and cherry blossoms fell from the sky , and folded themselves into pawns and rooks .  you re stuck in the past , with abraham . that s why you stole his book .  newline newline  you go on about that momo ,  the man replied , moving his piece ,  i never loved him . if i was thinking about him when i took it , it was my promise . to never let anyone have the formula .  newline newline momo moved her piece then looked around the park , which was devoid of life except them . she smiled .  never before was a battle like this fought with no spectators . i see you are kind enough to not use your ... .. skills .  momo spat the last word like poison . newline newline the man smiled , moving the knight forward ,  you can not limit me . it is why i am still alive . it is what has kept me alive since els et kenedren .  newline newline  the island of the sinking tides . you really are lazy , atlas . it s called atlantis by the mortals now .  momo said , moving her queen . newline newline  a simple shepherds mate .  atlas said , quickly taking the queen with his knight ,  you can not limit what i can conceal from you . and i am called aoigami now . that was the terms of our last game . he spun a cube made out of the same material in midair .  blue chromata , in this language , i think .  he intoned his voice behind her ,  come , i believe your names are kaitlyn and chris . please , sit .  newline newline momo whirled around ,  how did they get in here ?  she turned back to blue ,  you . you and your desperate attempts for attention . i will kill them for their insolence , after i am done with you .  newline newline blue looked at her ,  you will do no such thing .  he spoke again to the couple , come , chris , son of jonathan and theresa , and kaitlyn , daughter of helen and sam , a convergence of three major bloodlines , your child destined to join to the fourth .  newline newline chris and kaitlyn walked up to the table ,  how do you know our names ?  asked chris , his face a billboard , advertising his distress ,  we have never seen you before .  newline newline blues eyes flashed a perfect , azure blue ,  there is nothing that can limit me . ten thousand years ago , i was called the god with no limits . i am not a god though . though she thinks that she is . she calls herself the god of existence .  newline newline momo s eyes flashes a lovely pink , and then blue .  i can not destroy them . why not ?  she asked , moving a piece . newline newline blue smiled ,  i have welcomed them into sanctuary . it is an atlantean custom . old , but still works .  he moved a piece , then looked at kaitlyn ,  you wanted to ask something ?  newline newline kaitlyn flinched , but caught herself halfway through ,  why are you playing chess ? the two of you seem to dislike each other , so why do nt you just fight it out ?  newline newline blue smiled , watching momo take one of his pieces with dismay ,  because games are something thing i let myself be limited by . just as you know , if you wanted , you could have a harem of males that would love you and protect you and live in harmony , but you let yourself be limited by your relationship with chris , and just as chris knows that he could easily dump you and go romp with anna eltier , whom he finds quite attractive , more than you , however , because of his love for you , he limits himself . however , if i were to fight with momo over this ,  he waved a leather bound book in the air , the pages covered with ever changing runes , not seen since atlantis itself ,  she would go all out , and then i would go all out and humanity would be obliterated .  as he said this , blue , without looking , moved his queen ,  checkmate , i think .  blue said , smiling a little ,  and as my payment , you have to live in my old , how did you put it , confinement , for the rest of your life .  newline newline momo looked up at blue , her eyes aghast ,  you would nt , you gave me your title as the first of our line . i owe you nothing .  newline newline blue smiled ,  fine . instead of that , i get my title back . then i can order you to live there for the rest of your life .  newline newline after momo s screams of anguish faded into the air , blue turned to chris and kaitlyn , would you mind , letting an old man die in a warm house , and then honoring his final wish ?  newline newline chris stepped forward , tears streaming down his face , and wrapped his coat around blue , who was now beginning to become cold ,  i thought you could nt die . you ca nt be limited by anything , not time , nor death , nor space .  newline newline  i m quite afraid that my old age has caught up to me ,  blue rasped , his voice fading ,  i m quite sure that i ve forgotten what s in there , except one thing .  newline newline  what s that ?  asked kaitlyn , wrapping scarves around him . newline newline  that the codex , grants ultimate power , but only a human may read it , or this world will be destroyed .  blue wheezed . newline newline  but , why ? why only us ?  asked kaitlyn , confused . newline newline  because you ... are limited ... .. by love .  and then atlas , the first king of the atlanteans , died .i stopped , my hands now empty . well of course they were empty , i was nt holding anything before ...  or was i ? i could nt quite remember any other reason i ve ever had to climb into my attic without something in hand to store up there . newline newline a shadow glimmered in the corner as a light crashed to the ground and broke before my eyes . i marveled that it had stayed upright on my windowsill without something else supporting it for so long , and at how stupid i must have been to place it there in the first place . newline newline i shrugged and headed downstairs again , closing the attic s staircase behind me . my daughter , stephanie , was setting the table , and i noticed an extra setting at the table . curiosity overwhelmed me . newline newline  who are we expecting for dinner ?  newline newline  um , what ?  the confusion on her face was palpable . newline newline  five spots set up at the table . you , me , mom , josh , and who else ?  josh was my son , slightly younger than stephanie . newline newline  um ... i dunno , sorry .  she clears out the extra spot . newline newline people make mistakes sometimes , i guess . i give her a hug to reassure her and then walk to my computer . i look at my recent post history to see how my previous posts have gone . newline newline my son holding the family cat .  there was no son , our cat was nt in the picture , just my couch against the wall where it s always been . 0 points , obviously  i must have been halfasleep when i chose a picture of our empty sofa to post . newline newline there were quite a few comments , though . the top one :  your cat s so cute ! i wish i had a tabby , too .  i was more than a little frightened at the fact that , even though my cat was not present , reddit still knew what type of cat i had , and moreover had upvoted the comment so much . i backed away from the computer . newline newline  newline dinner . me , my wife . sitting together . i d call it romantic , but i was too tired to try for the romance tonight . newline newline  do nt you wish we had kids sometimes ?  newline newline  sometimes . i miss it .  newline newline  miss what ? we ve never had kids before .  newline newline  um , i guess i m a little tired . sorry .  newline newline  it s all right . we can head to bed as soon as you re done .  newline newline  newline newline i got undressed and ready for bed . maybe i can try eharmony when i wake up , see if someone s interested in a 46yearold ?  newline newline probably not . i shrugged the idea off , and went to bed , where i ceased to have ever existed . hastily written , sorry guys  yesterday it was not that close , she was sure of it . with a shudder , she touched it again . it was cold , like ice with salt on it cold . sighing once she put her shirt back on , mother calling to her from the kitchen downstairs . shaking her head she finished getting ready , her cat nearly killing her on the stairs . had it always been that close ? she could nt remember and honestly she was nt so sure at this point . those dreams she had been having , nightmares , schisms , for years they haunted her . now the darn thing moved every day for the last six months . she tried best to ignore it , school was hard enough as it was . newline newline the scar fell out of her mind by lunch , she was a smiling mess by the time she went to bed . newline newline there is was , right over her right breast . she felt it again , a cold shudder escaping her lips , her fingers twitching momentarily . a knock at the door caused her to turn . who was there ? her dad ? he was nt home for a week , mom would be at brunch with gladys . a second knock brought her back to the mirror where her reflection had become a gigantic lie . newline newline it smiled at her , well..she smiled at herself really . this other her was tapping the spot , scratching and poking . the scar felt like it was getting itchy , but she could nt stop watching . with intensity the thing plunged a single finger deep into flesh , the scar popping open like a pimple . blood splattered down the sink and poured from the wound , staining the porcelain red . the thing pulled and dug and tug . she winced in pain and began to shout , blood pouring down out of her mouth like a waterfall . that was when it brought something out of the hole  it looked like wet sausages , her insides . newline newline she fell to the floor and violently shook , the reflection pulling out intestines slowly like a party trick . in reality the same thing occurred at twice the speed . like worms they escaped , large lumps and fleshy bits followed . the screaming was halted by a spurt of blood , a loud wet pop , and the sounds of bones crunching . newline newline the coroners had never seen anything like it , a person flipped inside out like an unstuffed toy bear . mrs. hammel was in shock to say the least .she stole my breath the first time i saw her  put her lips to mine and sucked it out my chest . newline newline when i gasped she only smiled at me , her eyes cold , teeth white and hard . dazzling . the lights in the bar were as bright as they could be , fluorescent and excruciatingly pretty against the modern windows lined behind me . she was blueeyed , like water , like sleet . when she turned to me i saw there was no end to them , that they only deepened more when i tried to find the bottom . i caught myself wondering if they were made of glass . newline newline newline i never really caught my breath but i ve kept looking for her in the seedy bars of perth and in sydney s lavish nightlife . i have nt seen her since . i m sure she keeps it in her pocket .six months ago i discovered i had a gift . by visualizing the time fifteen minutes in the past i would instantly be returned to where i was at that point in time , unfortunately it apparently takes my  power  as i call it , about an hour to recharge . i used it innocently enough to try to pick up girls at the bar . if my smooth talking did nt work , i pop back fifteen minutes and wait another hour until she got a little more drunk , needless to say it was quite effective , but soon after the thrill of being laid every night wore off , i decided to truly test the gift , i d just off buildings in broad daylight , make a huge scene , the police would be called and i d jump off and shortly before meeting the pavement i would pop myself back fifteen minutes , being the punctual man i am , i would always make sure to have it wrapped up in under fifteen minutes so i could live out these adventures with no true adverse affects to my life . however like at the bar , the thrill wore off , so here i sit in my van loading up my ar 15 and ten , thirty round magazines . it s new year s eve in new york , let s see how long the thrill of this lasts ...i met her on a bad day , one in a series of many that had been my last five years . i lost my job , my car broke down , and my mom was drunk again . i left home to visit a friend , and she was there , sitting with him in his basement apartment . she was frightening to look at , but not for being ugly  perhaps because i knew she represented everything i wanted , she was safety , she was relief , she was happiness , she was pain , she was perfection , she was his , but she could be mine , too . her beauty was too much to handle , and my friend smiled . he knew i wanted her , too . newline newline he took his belt and wrapped it tightly around my arm , he made my vein pop out  i was terrified and beyond excited , nervous and anxious , my emotions were all over , and then he injected me with euphoria  it was an immediate high like nothing i  d ever experienced , and it was love like i  d never known  i am in love , i thought . i am in love . newline newline the time we spent together was unforgettable to me  she kept me warm and calmed my mind , i  d never felt so serene and stable . she tried to leave but we made her stay , and she was only too obliging . she slept with both of us that night , and i knew i was in love . i knew i  d never let her go . newline newline i woke up the next morning next to my friend . i sat up , and my head hurt , i felt sick . and yet , i looked right at her , sitting seductively in the same spot she  d been last night , and she smirked at me . newline newline  you need me ,  she said , and her voice was dripping with arrogance .  you will always need me.  and i hated her then because i felt sick , because i knew she was right . newline newline she hurts me , she heals me  i need her every day , the good , the bad , the in between . i hate her , so , so much . newline newline ... i  ll never let her go . newlineare you allowed to repost responses that you posted for other prompts ? if so , here we go ...  newline newline  sir , i need the toilet !  floated a particularly loud voice , cutting above the general chatter of the room . newline newline dr mehmed turned from the board , where he had been in the middle of writing a particularly convoluted equation that meandered needlessly into the worlds of not only quadratics but also surds , fractions and negative indices . he looked over the top of his glasses , identifying the source of the primary disturbance . his mustache sagged . newline newline  miss jahromi , what possible way would you need to utilize a lavatory in order to solve this equation ?  he asked , mustache flopping with every word .  perhaps you intended to ascertain as to whether you have permission to leave this classroom in order to use the lavatory ?  newline newline  you wat ?  asked gvercin , quickly putting her lipstick down . she turned to her friends who tried to explain to her in their simplest terms .  are you dissin me sir ? just cause i ca nt speak all proper like you . just cause you re a doctor or watever does nt mean your smarter than me . i need the toilet .  newline newline dr mehmed sighed deeply , shoulders sagging . it was still only first period , for goodness sake . he had to some educate a rabble of nonintellectual ragamuffins on the beauty of binomial distribution before break time .  it is expressly forbidden by the headmaster himself that pupils should be permitted to leave lessons in order to urinate .  newline newline  aaaargh ! your so frustrating siiiiiir  she whined ,  and it s not like we re gon na need this surf incy or watever in life . i wo nt be missin anything .  newline newline  miss jahromi . surds and indices , as you so eloquently put them , will be crucial in order for you to further your study of this field as an alevel or even as a degree . missing  newline newline gvercin cut in .  who even gets a degree in maths , apart from you ? and you took it waaaay to far , getting a doctor and all that . going to the loo is way more useful than all this numbers rubbish .  newline newline  i have neither the extended patience nor the literary qualifications to engage in a prolonged debate with you pertaining to the comparison of lavatory usage usefulness and higher mathematics degrees ,  dr mehmed stated ,  i am sure that dr clifford of the english department would be quite happy to sacrifice his lunchtime in order to deliberate with you , however .  newline newline a loud ooooooohhh  arose from the class , followed by a general muttering of how dr clifford was a legendary guy . newline newline he continued .  i am the figure of authority in this classroom , miss jahromi , and i thereby deny you the permission necessary for you to leave this classroom . my judgement is final .  newline newline  uuuuh sir , thass well unfair ,  said gvercin , hitting her book on the table .  you let cornelius go last lesson .  newline newline dr mehmed had already returned to his task on the board , carefully forming the mathematical symbols required with his chalk . he contemplated informing the insolent girl at the back of his classroom that the student in question , a brilliant scientific and mathematical mind , had actually left for a dental appointment , however , he decided against aggravating the matter . newline newline a paper plane sailed over his shoulder and impacted on the board , drooping sadly to the floor . dr mehmed observed it fall , roughly taking in it s dimensions and the speed at which it had been travelling . newline newline  miss jahromi , that aeronautical contraption which you just had the audacity to propel at me weighed approximately 5 grams and flew at a speed of 4.1 meters per second .  he picked up the paper and reassembled it .  i suggest that next time , you either use my design , capable of flying at a speed of 6 meters per second , or you use your eraser , an object far heavier and thus much more capable to causing me discomfort , which i am led to believe was your intention .  newline newline dr mehmed blinked . among the cries of admiration and laughter from his class there was no sharp , whining moan so typical of his problem student . in fact , she was not even in the classroom . the door stood ajar , the small boy sitting near it looking apprehensive as dr mehmed s glance swept over him . newline newline fifteen years , when the problem student in question had bewilderingly become a maths teacher , her pupils lamented constantly on her teaching and mathematical ability . the end . newline newline newline well well well , looky who we have here . what  s up psycho ?  newline newline john stared at the psychiatrist .  er , hi . my name  s john . your receptionist said i could come in.  newline newline  ah , john . john long had a gong to play a song . so the town hated jong long . come in . please sit down . make yourself comfortable . comfy chair , comfy hair , comfy place to bare . your soul , that is . tut tut . naughty john long.  newline newline john was having serious doubts about coming here . too bad this was part of his court agreement . perhaps after this , he could change psychiatrists ? john cautiously headed towards the shiny , black leather long couch . it was polished to almost look like plastic and not very comfy to lie on either . newline newline  so john long . what have you done wrong ?  newline newline  well , first of all my name is not john long , it  s actually john samuel campbell  newline newline  tut tut john long . i see we have a bit of a personality disorder . we can work on that.  newline newline  what ? no ! my name is john samuel campbell and i  m perfectly fine ! look , i just faked being a bit crazy to get a lighter sentence.  newline newline  ah ! one of your personalities is a sociopath !  newline newline  what ? no ! look , they sent me here because they thought i was under a lot of stress and that  s why i did what i did . plus the meds and their side effects added to my case.  newline newline  a substance abuser as well . my my , we have a look of work to do . right boys ?  newline newline  who are you talking to ?  newline newline  no one . me . you . why ? are you suffering hallucinations as well ?  newline newline  no ! look , can we make this quick please ? i have an appointment with the barber  s at 12:30.  newline newline  but it  s not even dark yet ? plus who has an appointment at night ? stop being silly john long . the fun is gone . it  s time to be serious.  the psychiatrist stared at john . the psychiatrist  s demeanour changed . newline newline  you  re very sick john.  he said in a soothing voice , almost cooing and slightly patronising . the psychiatrist began stroking john  s forehead and somewhere , somehow , soothing music began playing .  you  re a very sick man john.  the psychiatrist continued , in an almost hypnotic manner .  but it  s okay . we  re here to help . you will have plenty of support to make you get better . soon , you  ll be all better . much better . you want to be the best you can be , right john ?  newline newline feeling drowsy and perhaps even a little whoozy . john nodded his head . he didn  t remember feeling this tired before . this was really was a comfy couch . as john as getting into a more comfortable position , he felt a small prick in this upper thigh .  i didn  t know couches had nails  he half thought , before vaguely drifting off . newline newline  so , john . you  ve been such a good boy for the last half hour.  newline newline  really ? it  s been half an hour already ? i must have drifted off to sleep but i did i talk then ? ...   newline newline  we  re almost done now . i  m just going to hand you this little bottle of pills . it  s just some medicine to help you get better . we all want you to be better . so john , just remember that this little bottle is going to help you get better . i just want you to take 15pills a day . i know that might sound like a lot , but these are actually at very low doses , so it  s alright . and because you  ve been such a good boy , you don  t even have to give up drinking . in fact , every time you take a pill , have a glass of your favourite drink as a reward . right , have you got all that ? good . now , let  s get you off that couch and booking your next appointment in about a month . i want to see you a changed man john . a better man !  newline newline john somehow , almost as if he had no control , rose to his feet and headed towards the door . the psychiatrist was hold it open and speaking gibberish again for some reason .  goodbye john , hope it won  t be long , before your final song ! remember rebecca , the redheaded raven , running full of red velvet blood . let your song be for the raven !  john still unsure of what had happened in his session , gave a ruff nod and headed towards reception . he vaguely remember the name rebecca for some reason newline newline 036many years ago , the great gerudo ganondorf had taken over hyrule . he had killed the entire family of hyrule royalty , and when he died , the entire land was left in tattered ruins , a few creatures were able to survive , including dekus and skulltulas , but most of them had died off due to the climate change ganondorf had caused . in one ancient collapsed fort in the ruins of this destroyed land lived possibly the last family of hylians . they would forage for the little left food that roamed around , and one of their boys always wore a tunic the color of leaves . he was quite skilled with weapons , and favored exploring alone to hunting with the group . but one day , he saw another humanoid being running up the path , pushing a trail of dust behind them . newline newline the boy became scared as the being got closer . he could see a similarity in their dark grey armor to the steel outfit that the ancient evil king had worn . the horns on the helmet seemed like the drawings of the corrupted boarman the king had become . the boy called for his family but they were far from him . newline newline as the figure got closer , the boy pulled out his slingshot . he hit the armored person in the hand , which were coated in leather gloves . they looked around and pulled out their sword . the boy could now see that it was a man . he hit the man with his slingshot again , out of sight . the man cursed in a strange language that seemed to bend the trees . newline newline then the man caught sight of the boy . the boy could make out the mutterings of the armored man . newline newline  this stupid quest is taking forever ! i ve been traveling for miles ! at least there s finally an enemy in sight !  newline newline the boy ran quickly away . the man had out his sword , and cursed in the strange language again , this time causing him to run faster . he found the cover of a tree , and heard the man again .  being the dragonborn sure can be a pain at times !  the dragonborn looked up into the tree , and saw the boy . the man pulled out a bow . newline newline the boy used his slingshot again , and hit him in the hand holding the bow before he shot . then the boy jumped from the tree and climbed into the fort he called home . outside , he could just hear the dragonborn outside . newline newline  ooh goodie , a dungeon .  i have dinner with who now kronk ?  said captain hook admiring his sharp appendage .  um , the emperor sir .  kronk stated , nervous of what hook would do now . kronk has messed up before in the past , alot . captain hook is always angry at him , telling him mr. smee was even better than him . now kronk tries his best not to mess up , yet he still does it . but little does kronk know hes about to make the worst mistake of his life . newline newline  muahaha , this is my best plan yet !  hook laughed ,  this potion is sure to do the trick !  hook finished his potion , the one that will be spiked into the emperors drink . the one that will let hook be the new emperor . he could see it now , emperor hook . only the magnificent of all emperors .  oooo i should really get ready , he will be here any minute now !  newline newline kronk opened the door to let the emperor slide into hook s humble abode .  hola amigos , it s me , the one , the only ,  newline newline  yes , yes we get it , come sit down .  hook states from the dining room .  woah there me amigo why the tude ?  emperor kuzco asked .  enough talk , lets eat shall we ? kronk ! bring in the drinks !  hook yelled into the kitchen . kronk , getting the drinks set up , grabs a potion and puts it into kuzco s drink .  here you go emperor kuzco and mr . hook .  kronk placed the drinks down on the table . kuzco grabs his and immediately drinks the whole thing . hook , whos more polite , sips his , waiting patiently for the result . suddenly , kuzco s teeth start growing in size . his skin is turning green and his eyes are now wider . kuzco turned into a crocodile .  no , not you again !  hook screamed . god dammit .  newline newline  what s up , paul ?  frank swivelled around in his chair . newline newline paul pulled his headset off from his ears .  another fucking kid looking for his mom .  he stood up and put his hands on his hips .  that makes like , 18 this month already . i ca nt keep up with these numbers , man , it ca nt be done ! how can i do even one of these ? it s not fair !  newline newline frank held back his giggles and unclipped his headset .  can you blame em ?  newline newline  no , i ca nt blame them . but fuck em !  he raised his hands in the air .  fuck me , i guess !  newline newline  cmon paul , it s not that bad .  frank reached over beside his computer and picked up a clipboard . tracing his finger down the page , he stopped and tapped .  i had one of those last month . i just filed it under nonviable  and moved on to the next request .  newline newline paul dropped back down into his chair .  but that s only one time . this is 18 . i ca nt make my quota when they keep routing me these shitty wishes . and my track record is dropping . i m gon na lose my job , man .  newline newline frank rolled over and patted paul on the shoulder .  dude , do nt worry . mike had a run of dumb ones a couple of months ago . he just gave them what they wanted and marked them complete  .  he leaned in closer to paul ,  you do nt always have to grant by the book  newline newline paul leaned back and stroked his chin .  really ?   . he picked up the phone on his desk .  yeah , it s j83 . can you get me a team together ?  newline newline       newline newline the doorbell rang and timmy put his teddy bear down and ran to the door . he was nt normally allowed to open the door by himself but his father was laying in bed and told him to do as he pleased today . he reached up to the doorknob and swung open the door . there was no one outside , only a large sac sitting next to the doormat . timmy untied the rope and looked inside . newline newline he screamed . donovan  newline newline newline the meat sizzled and grease popped in the pan , as donovan smiled absently out the small kitchen window . the smell coming from the pan drifted up and tickled his nose , making him think of a saturday morning breakfast when he was a kid , watching cartoons , listening to his mom and dad chat amiably in the background . this is the life he d thought , too young to really realize how true that was . newline newline newline he was so lost in memory , that it took the sweet smell turning sour to remind him of why he was standing at the window . he jerked the pan off the burners , and slipped his meal onto an awaiting plate . just in time . perfectly cooked . newline newline newline he strode easily over to the small kitchen table , grabbing a glass of oj as he went . he adjusted plate and juice just so on the table to form a perfect stock photo picture . he sat and admired his work , wishing a little more light would come through the drawn curtains of the big kitchen window and illuminate his art . newline newline newline he reached his hand out towards the plate , and metal glinted dimly on his hand . he stared at it for a long moment , the smile slipping away like a limp string . then , decidedly , he slipped it off his hand and set it next to the plate , the smile returning as if the string were pulled taut again . he piled the slices onto buttered pieces of toast , and with a grin , took a large bite . he realized then that he could nt remember what good pork tasted like . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinethe young man enters a room and knows he  s been there before . but he can  t be sure if it was in a dream . his life seems to take ridiculously small proportions , to be constricted in time , a block of years among thousands . something inside him , maybe his consciousness , doesn  t identify with this body , these experiences , that sense of self in particular . overtaken by the sudden realization that this life was just a page in a book , that the picture was much bigger than he ever could  ve imagined there  s a voice inside speaking to him . newline newline his thoughts toss and turn their way to darker pastures and halfdreamish shocking realizations . maybe just maybe love doesn  t exist and we  re all behaviourally engineered to get attached to another . his conscious self isn  t awake enough to retort with the usual barrage of denial . there  s ashes of his previous conception of reality falling here and there around his body . newline newline  it is a misconception that everybody  s special . you  ve fallen prey to the cognitive bias that you were naturally talented.  and so on and so forth . it feels like free falling through multiple glass floors . newline newline the mundane now has an underlying scary quality . unexplainably disturbing , uncanny , but also with a tint of absurd humor . when someone is talking and you can  t help but seeing the monkey behind the human face instead of listening . when the pale late morning light comes through the window and sets off a sadness that you feel deep in your stomach like hunger . newline newline but then it  s enlightening , liberating . everything that once mattered lost its static seriousness . slowly he  s wrapping his head around the reality that everything changes  nothing dies or is born . he was once something else and will live on forever in a multiplicity of forms and beings that all share the same inner core . newline newline and the man just realized that what he knows as  himself  is that inner core . the truest part of him , not the part that knows but the watcher in the back that knows that he knows . ad infinitum . the more he steps back from his own ego , the more he realizes that he could keep on stepping back forever , that he  ll never fall over into the abyss . newline newline but then then , the doors start closing . the certitude of this newly discovered world gets cloudy as he  s slowly coming back into place , into his own life like a puzzle piece . as reality gets more and more familiar , recognizable , the one he knew for 19 years , the memories he closely identifies with , the people who love him , the idiosyncratic personality newline  i  m me now . i  m back  he reassures his girlfriend : he was acting scary while his mind was on the other side . his body did not follow . one can be having visions of eternal truth and beauty while drooling like a baby . newlinehe had almost cracked her head open with the shovel while digging up his yard , hardly the best first impression . he carried her inside , laying her down on his couch . such beauty was rarely seen , always oppressed by the materialistic skin . his words came out sporadically , nervous to ruin a chance at seeing her again , though it didn  t seem like she was going anywhere . after forcing conversation , he settled into his recliner and enjoyed a glass of tea with her , though she must have been allergic for all she did was lay there and stare at him without ever breaking eye contact . newline newline even after hours of sitting in silence , there was no sensation of forced company . looking at her , he could tell she had been a strong woman , so elegant , the way her left arm was placed along her side and her right was supporting the perfection that rested atop her neck . how had he been so lucky as to find this beauty , nestled sweetly in his very own yard ? love like this doesn  t come around often . hoping she wouldn  t think him bold , he asked for her hand in marriage . she didn  t object as he slid his grandmother  s ring onto her long slender fingers . newline newline his family was ecstatic at the news of his engagement , that was no surprise to him though , he knew they would love esquelet . she was simple and elegant , not the liveliest person he had known , but what do you expect when you live at a cemetery ?there  s a man i  m going to murder  chorus : murder  , newline newline in the car ahead of me , newline newline and his wife , i  m gon na hurt her  chorus : hurt her  , newline newline just you wait and see , newline newline  newline newline my motorcycle fights the distance between this man and me , newline newline his car is faster but i  m a master at , newline newline hunting and misanthropy , newline newline  newline newline i  ll paint the parents  faces with some reds and blacks and blues , newline newline then take the kids to disneyland and give them the bad news , newline newline i  ll walk them to the gates and state , newline newline  hey mickey , let us in ! !  newline newline and when he does i  ll laugh because of what  s about to happen ... . newline newline  newline newline a circus !  chorus : a circus ?  newline newline of blood and gore and death ! newline newline a circus !  a circus ?  newline newline rape isn  t rape without the meth ! newline newline a circus !  a circus ?  newline newline deus ex machina  s on the way ! newline newline as a circus !  a real circus !  newline newline they trump murdering any day ! newline newline  newline newline and even though i  d rather go , newline newline to a circus than be murderous , newline newline i m as soft as an anvil and much harder to hear , newline newline and objects in mirrors are always closer than they appear . newline newline  newline newline sweet dreams .the plains of paradox , a place of infinity that does not exist and is all over , is everywhere and nowhere , never was and always is . this place is the home to the woman who watches , the bound observer . her whole life has been lived here in the plains of paradox , in a structure called the impossible basilica . impossible though it might be , it exists and at the same time does nt . newline newline it always has though , and never will . this observer , she does nt exist either , except that she does . she is sitting at a desk currently and typing on a keyboard , and she is very uncomfortable about this fact because she is currently writing about herself writing about herself writing about herself and so on . newline newline the desk sits by the massive wooden entrance doors . behind her , rows and rows of pews extending to infinity minus one . she glances over her shoulder at the strange sight , staring at the point where it all fades into black obscurity with concern . laughter rings out from the darkness , echoing off the stained glass windows depicting great heroes and might battles and the polished marble of the walls . newline newline  how can someone be here ?  the observer hisses , fingers still flying across her keyboard .  ... it s not fucking possible ...  newline newline when she looks back , one of her many monitors is flashing . one hand continues to fly on the keyboard , the other moves to the mouse . she clicks on the screen , trying to get the task manager open , but she finds that all the controls are locked . a command prompt opens and lines of code scroll down so fast even the observer ca nt read them . the low , menacing laugh echoes behind her again . it s a female s laugh , she is sure of it . what disturbs her about it is that she can not see the person . newline newline the observer can not see who is present in her domain . the code finishes scrolling and a program opens up , a chat program . newline newline   hello .   newline newline  what the hell ! ? how do you keep accessing my system ! ?  she demands , her voice adding to the echoes that do not make sound yet never seem to stop . newline newline   my dear , i am the queen of this place . your mother , your daughter , your sister ... all that you are i am and more ,   the person chatting with her says .   you came before me and yet i created you . i came after you and yet you are my offspring .   newline newline  ... why ... why are you here ?  the observer asks , typing on two keyboards at once . newline newline   you asked me to come here . or will ask me , in the future . do nt you want a name ?   newline newline the observer stares at the question . newline newline  a ... a name ... ? i do nt understand ?  newline newline   are you not a person ? do you not live and eat ? breathe ? do you not gratify yourself when i do , when sexual intercourse is sought out by me ? you are made to watch me , because the fates can not watch me themselves because i exist outside of time ,   the paradox queen replies , laughing out of the dark again , though this time from above . the observer looks up , up to the darkness above . the basilica goes upwards forever , as far as she knows .   do you not want a name ? do you not deserve one ?   newline newline  i ... i do nt understand ...  newline newline   my dear , tonight i die , and tonight you die , as far as the instance of myself that exists in the primary timeline is concerned . i kill myselves to save all existence , to stop myself and stop time from being destroyed . in fact , in some ways , it has already happened , and is happening , and has yet to happen . that is the nature of this place , of paradox space , of this the most fragile of realities between behind above and below all other realities .   newline newline  so ... so i m going to die ... ?  the observer asks nervously . newline newline the laugh comes again , this time from right behind her . she does nt turn around to look . she knows who is behind her because she can smell the woman s armor , and blood , and perfume and something not unlike red wine . newline newline  yes you are , my dear . i know i spoke of our familial relation , but of course we are not actually related ,  the queen says softly .  do you wish to have a name ? you have done your job well , and delivered the story of my existence to the fates in a constant stream .  newline newline  your voice is ... so much more beautiful in person than when heard through speakers ,  the observer says breathlessly .  you would give me a name ?  newline newline  if you want one , my dear , before together we die finally . thousands of timelines , centuries of observation ... we are closer than close , despite having only spoken a few times . you and i are closer than any other two people can ever be ,  the queen whispers , brushing the observers pure white , many colored hair aside and leaning down to kiss her softly on her neck , just below her ear .  may i name you ?  newline newline the observer shivers . newline newline  please , my queen . name me .  newline newline the queen lightly bites down on her ear before answering . newline newline  your name is elise , my dear bound observer , and i love you .  newline newline the observer rises , her hand falling to her pants where a keyboard is clipped . keyboards and words , they are her life . she has many of them , and unique solutions for constantly recording even when she must leave the basilica to seek food or to use the restroom . she types even as she turns and faces her queen . newline newline the woman is so very tall and fearsome . her hair is short and red , styled up into a fauxhawk . her eyes do not exist , she gave them up some time ago to see the tree of time itself . they were burnt from her sockets when she peered into the heart of forever . a thin black cloth is tied around her head , covering them . her face is scarred heavily on one side but it does not mar her beauty . elise s eyes , a rainbow of colors that do nt exist , flick to her lips . they look so soft , so darkly red and full and perfect . newline newline  i ve known you for so long , my queen . i think ... i think i love you too .  newline newline the queen chuckles , resting her arms on the shorter woman s shoulders . her strange armor is matte black and powered by magic . on her hip , the mighty sword ravenous that hungers for blood , and on her back the sword forever that can inflict wounds before the sword is even drawn . newline newline  what do you want to do now ?  the queen asks . newline newline  i want ... i want to know what you feel like ... against me . can i ... know that ?  newline newline the queen steps back and spreads her arms . her armor splits open , crawling like flesh away from her until her naked front half is exposed . on her stomach , a simple crown is tattooed in red . scars mark much of her body . her legs and arms are revealed to be synthetic replacements . one particular scar is situated right between her breasts  a surgical scar from a heart replacement . newline newline  you may have anything you like in these last few hours we share together , my dear elise .  newline newline and so elise too strips her clothing away , a difficult feat while she remains typing . a keyboard is carried with her , wireless , until they reach the place she sometimes lays down on to rest . there is another keyboard right there , next to the mattress on the floor . the women fall upon it and for the first time , the observer  no , elise  enjoys something she has never enjoyed before . privacy . newline newline even as love is made , she types , but slower and fewer words . she gives no detail . this is hers , you understand . this is hers and hers alone ! no one else can have this ! it belongs to her ! newline newline the time passes quickly as their passion burns hotter than a thousand suns . there is not enough poetry in any timeline and in any reality or universe to describe the things that elise feels . she knows she is in love . she knows she has been in love forever , for her whole existence . she is beyond happy and now the nervousness is gone . she does not feel fear over her impending doom any longer . newline newline when it is done , the monitors over her mattress are watched by both . the queen faces down a much uglier and much more evil version of herself  another instance of the queen that is . this is the battle to save time , to save all of reality , but it does nt matter at all because then that instance of the queen goes back in time with her evil counterpart and they fight in front of the queen s childhood home . a woman and man open the front door , and the queen shoots them both in the head . the image freezes and then goes to static . newline newline  so now you never existed ,  elise says softly , looking to the queen .  it is now over . time has been saved .  newline newline  yes , my dear . yes , indeed . i am now dead . i exist only for your benefit , for only a moment longer ,  the queen replies , leaning in close and kissing her gently on the lips . newline newline  when you go , will i be alone before i too go ?  newline newline the queen nods . newline newline  indeed you will , my love . but fear not being alone , for when you too fade we will be together in the vast expanse of never was , and we can strike out to find what there is to find there . we will be together forever .  newline newline  i love you so much . i m so very sorry about your existence , and having to murder your parents .  newline newline  i enjoyed killing them . i m a monster , remember ... had to make myself into this horrible thing to survive so i could kill myself ,  the queen replies . newline newline  do nt ... do nt even call yourself horrible . you re beautiful . perfect ... in every single way .  newline newline the queen chuckles softly and kisses her cheek . newline newline  you re too kind . goodbye , for now .  newline newline the queen goes very still then , still propped up on her elbow . elise ca nt help but cry tears that do not exist but still drip upon the bed as the color drains out of every inch of the woman she loves . moments later , the queen is as dust . a wind that does not blow scatters that dust into the lands beyond existence , the lands of never was . newline newline she lays back then , waiting for the end to come . her own queen has killed her now . she feels peaceful though . there is nothing to fear from her death . nothing to fear from anything anymore . the end is just another beginning . newline newline together forever . newline newline a smile graces her face , even as she types . it gets harder to move her fingers to type , but that s okay too . elise is happy ... so very happy . newline newline and now she goes onward as her queen did , to move forward into the lands of nevyou know that feeling you get when you re standing on top of a high ledge looking down and your feet start tingling ? your chest tightening ? growing up , mark had that feeling a couple times every month or so . newline newline his mother was making him chocolate banana pancakes . his favorite thing to eat on a monday morning . he grabbed his bright yellow rain coat and started to leave ,  be extra careful out there on a stormy day like this .  he kissed his mother goodbye and set out to school . he opened the door , and immediately got the feeling . he took a couple of deep breaths until the feeling subsided and continued on . he looked at his spiderman watch . 7:45 . it takes 6 minutes to get to class and the bell rings at 7:55 . he decided he d better hurry it up . he started getting a brisk jog going on . he looked around and saw the gloomy day . he liked days like this . relaxing . he looked to his right and saw a car . the feeling came back . mark grabbed his head . his temples started pounding , and his mind started slowing .  alright , alright , i get it .  he said to himself . he slowed his pace which in turn slowed the feeling . he saw the corner he was supposed to turn on . 1 more block and he d be at school . he saw a cat as he was walking . it was caught out in the rain and running scared across the street narrowly missing puddles . mark grinned teasingly at the cat . he looked at his watch and the left spiderman hand pointed at the ten .  got ta get to class fast .  he looked to his right at a couple of birds when the sound of tires screeching caught him off guard . he looked straight ahead about 25 yards at the intersection in front of his school . one of the busses had lost traction and was beginning to swerve into oncoming traffic . suddenly , the feeling came back but not nearly as strong before . the bus crashed into two vehicles on mark s side of the street before being halted in someone s yard . the two vehicles were utterly destroyed and glass was thrown everywhere . mark gasped , and ran to the other side of the street where he sprinted the rest of the way to school with tears running down his cheeks . when he got to class the whole classroom was chaotic . kids went up to him , asking if he saw it .  yes ... i saw it . it happened a short distance in front of me .  the teacher gasped ,  you are one lucky boy mark .  mark nervously laughed , and looked at his watch . 7:55 newline newline  yeah ... lucky . buddha had seemed quite tickled at the idea .  yes , it sounds very , um , enlightening , my dear allah !  newline newline allah had lumbered into the word a short time earlier , and had explained his idea to the others . the word was , of course , a favorite hangout of the immortals , having a reputation as serving the best nectar and manna fritters in the entire realm  not to mention the poppy and honey tea . newline newline a large number of the immortals were already gathered , as it was power hour at the word  lots of specials available . hermes sat on a stool , sipping a can of red bull , having eschewed the word specials for the mortal carbonated cocaine that had been offered to him by a minotaur , who had wandered in from a lower dimension .  in the old days minotaurs , not being strictly immortals , would nt have even been allowed in , much less been permitted to bring in an outside beverage . but times were different now  . newline newline always restless , and now even more torqued from the red bull , hermes jiggled his knee up and down while listening to the minotaur s tearful recounting of a recent failed relationship . but they  along with everyone else  stopped what they were doing and looked up when allah stepped to the front of the bar and addressed them . newline newline  look  allah had begun  i ve been thinking , the sheep have been so obtuse for so many millenia . it s like we ve tried everything  extermination , compassion , revelation , more extermination ... nothing takes . still they cling to their ways , thinking one of us has all the answers to the exlusion of the others . hell , a bunch of em even deny the existence of most of us .  newline newline satan nodded gravely , adding  yeah . and among the christians , i m treated like a judas .  silence .  you know , a few days ago , i was tempting one of em and the guy says if you re so smart , how come you re not god ?  nervy little prick .  newline newline  right  allah said ,  anyway , i ve thought of something that might be entertaining . for us at least . by the way , where s jesus ? i want him to hear this .  newline newline  here , dude .  jesus sat cross legged in the corner , whittling . his smock was , typically , stained with some sort of juice , which was sticky and created a goop to which the wood shavings clung . he was carving what vaguely appeared to be an image of alec baldwin from the wood . newline newline  great  sorry , did nt see you down there . so , what if ... .  newline newline allah presented his mischievous proposal . it was complicated but elegant . it would certainly cause the sheep some discomfort , yet there was also a lesson in there , somewhere . most likely . newline newline there was much tittering among the audience , most of whom seemed genuinely amused . but then , moments after allah finished his presentation , just as buddha was giving his mirthful approval , the spectators  attention was drawn to a terse , shrill voice . newline newline  how is that going to help anything ?  it was iapetus . the gods  own jiminy crickett . one could sense the stifling of a collective groan .  we ve done this sort of thing before ,  iapetus continued ,  and satan , you of all immortals should remember  you were in on the fruit thing with those early hedonists . and you and jesus  or jesus  dad , or when jesus was his dad ... or whatever , that s so confusing  when you guys did the stuff to job ?  newline newline iapetus paused and removed his spectacles for effect . he continued : newline  and poor sisyphus  that s a running joke that apparently is nt going to end . what good did those things do ? sure , they were all funny . i m not denying that . but the sheep , they do nt get it . and we have an obligation to them . i mean , we did create them . at least some of us did , although figuring out who is really responsible is apparently not going to happen . not this eternity .  newline newline a tense silence set upon the group . allah sipped his nectar  he was smoldering . satan s countenance darkened . the smell of sulphur began to permeate the air . things were about to get ugly . again . newline newlineit s 20 years later , and the incredibles have fallen out of the crimefighting business , adapting to regular life except for jackjack , who is now the world s most well known hero . when he is captured by a rogue group of underminers furious that they never got their own chance to be movie villains the family must reunite , risking everything in order to save him  enlisting help from old friends as well as some of their greatest enemies . the fate of the world once again hinges on the greatest family that ever lived ... and whether or not frozone can find his super suit . newline ... so , derrick , it s good to see you again . i hope the ...  research  we did on you did not hurt too much , did ?  newline newline  no , dr. montier , not at all  newline newline  good , that s great . i was just a bit worried . we have never done one of those in ... centuries , i think . but lets get to the point . i believe you know what happens when someone turns 18 , do nt you ?  newline newline  of course , doc . everyone does ! we get powers and stuff  newline newline  it s true ... we gain powers , according to our eyes colors . but ...  newline newline  but i m the first to have black eyes . just like in the stories  newline newline  indeed . because of that , we do not know what powers you have , and that s why we did this research . according to those stories you mentioned , you should be ... omnipotent . you should have all the powers combined , since black is all colors combined . but ... all the results point to one direction ...  newline newline  ..what is it ?  newline newline  i am sorry to inform you , but ... i believe , we believe , that you do nt have any powers .  newline newline  wha.. no ! that ... that cant be ...  newline newline  we did nt found a trace of telekinesis , mindreading , super intelligence ... nothing at all .  newline newline  it s impossible ! no one ...  newline newline  no one ever had black eyes in recorded history . you ... you are the first powerless human since ... forever , i think .  newline newline newline  sorry for the poor english not really happy with how it turned out . please be kind ! newline newline  newline newline at first , there was nothing . or , maybe there was nothing . my perception does not begin until the very first line appeared  it was simple  elegant . it cleaved my nothingness in two , gave me something upon which to gaze , but it also took away the first degree of my unhindered freedom . when there was nothingness , i did not think , i did not feel . i did not exist . newline newline the second , third , and forth movements came shortly thereafter , bringing more shapes and colors into my once empty world . the first line morphed into a horizon , while the following strokes brought with it mountains and snow . it all happened so quickly  life ! i was being given life . newline newline below the mountains a lake was born  a beautiful , gently churning mass of water that reflected the rays of a newly born sun that shown radiantly down upon it . from the slopes of the mountains forest began to appear  a forest full of wonderful , charming , happy little trees ! newline newline i thirsted for more . my freedom was gone , but i didn  t care  land , air , trees , water  more , i wanted more ! sure , i now had boundaries , but that didn  t matter . more trees , more sky , more sun ! i wanted to see it all . with every passing moment more of these newfound glories continued filled my vision . newline newline and then it stopped , just as quickly as it began . the final strokes brought with them snow to my glorious mountaintops . the whiteness reminded me of before , but now that it had shape , that it had purpose , i found it marvelous . then came nothing more  my vision , it seemed , was complete . at first i was happy . i gazed upon it all , taking it in . but as time passed , i began to realize  abandoned . i had been abandoned by my creator . newline newline now i just sit here and stare . at the water , the air , the snow , the happy little trees . and in my ever dying enthusiasm , i think back to the nothingness , and wonder . it could have become anything . absolutely anything . and now , it will forever be what it is , unchanging , limited . newline newline so now i wonder  was it worth it ? newline i was able to make toast today ,  mark said proudly ,  for the first time since the incident.  newline newline  that  s great news mark ,  lisa the counselor said ,  i  m proud of you.  newline newline  i took the bread out of the bag ,  he said , his voice thick with emotion ,  and then i put it in the toaster.  he sobbed ,  and then i pressed down on the slider.  newline newline  it  s okay mark ,  lisa said ,  you  re in a safe place.  newline newline  did you burn it ?  peter asked , with extreme concern . he was black everywhere . newline newline  no ,  mark said , holding back tears . newline newline peter relaxed visibly .  i  m glad you didn  t burn it ,  he said . newline newline  it dinged ,  mark said ,  and the toast popped up . that  s when i lost it.  newline newline mark took out a cigarette and began to light it . newline newline  please don  t do that ,  peter said , backing away from the flame . mark ignored him . he took a deep drag . newline newline  i couldn  t get their faces out of my head ,  he said ,  it was just so awful.  newline newline  yeah ,  peter said ,  i know it  s awful . i think i know that already.  newline newline elijah spoke up ,  can i talk now mrs. lisa ?  without waiting for a response , elijah continued ,  i was stabbed 47 times . that  s more times than anyone else here was stabbed right ? has anyone else been stabbed ?  newline newline a few people nodded at him . newline newline  has anyone else been stabbed as much as i have ?  elijah asked . newline newline no one said anything . elijah looked satisfied . there was a long pause . newline newline  is there anything else you  d like to say elijah ?  lisa asked . elijah shook his head . newline newline  okay , thank you for sharing elijah ,  lisa said ,  and thank you mark.  newline newline steven grunted .  i saw some grapes today ,  he said ,  panic attack , as usual.  he rolled his eyes .  there were some peanut shells on the floor in the kitchen , next to the trash can ,  he said ,  had a  nother panic attack.  he blew a big bubble of chewing gum and popped it .  i think i had like thirtyseven panic attacks today . little less than usual . last thursday i had a panic attack and fell down the stairs and got this ,  he turned to show everyone his backside . there was an enormous cut.  newline newline  aahhh gross !  mark said . steven smiled proudly . newline newline  but ,  steven said ,  i didn  t have any nightmares about my family being covered in jam and eaten alive . i did have one about my uncle getting dabbed with peanut butter and getting eaten , but peanut butter has never been too scary for me . and i didn  t really like that uncle anyway.  newline newline  i wan na talk about my dreams ,  elijah said ,  i had a dream that i got stabbed with a butter knife and then a steak knife and then butcher knife and then a switchblade and then swiss army knife sawblade attachment and then a swiss army knife flat blade attachment and then a swiss army knife screwdriver attachment . that  s like fifteen different kinds of knives . has anyone else had a dream about getting stabbed by that many type a knives ?  newline newline  nope ,  peter said . newline newline  does that make me a genius mrs. lisa ?  elijah asked . newline newline  that  s not really how dream interpretation works ,  lisa said ,  but you  re a very smart piece of bread elijah . you should be proud of yourself . would you like to talk more about your dream ?  newline newline  aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh !  mackenzi screamed ,  i  m getting moldy ! ! !  newline newline  no !  mark shouted ,  you  re not getting moldy stupid !  newline newline  hey now ,  lisa said ,  mark are you using negative language ?  newline newline  she  s just having a stupid flashback ,  mark said ,  god mackenzi i hate you . you always do that , you just scream that you  re getting moldy . it was like ten years ago , get over it.  newline newline  mark !  lisa said , standing up .  apologize to mackenzi.  newline newline  no ,  mark said ,  i  m not gon na .  newline newline  aaaah !  peter screamed ,  a human is coming ! everyone hide !  newline newline everyone scattered , leaving only breadcrumbs behind . newlinewe are bred for our strength , for our ability to haul loads . they take such care preparing us for our role . so our life is easy before we are taken to the factory to start our working lives . we spend our first winters indoors with our mothers . we learn , we learn the low language of our race . the deep grunts that mean so much to us , the protective sighs of our mothers . the food is good , and plentiful . and soon the spring comes and we are allowed to spend time outside and exercise in our huge compound , we can eat and develop our muscles for our work ahead . soon our time will come to go and work in the huge factory . it is what we are born to do and we are prepared , strong , proud and ready for our work . today the vehicle will come to take us off to our new lives of work . i heard the human , the kind one , say it . while i do nt understand many of the words i do know the one for the vehicle , the  truck .  and the other one , the one they use for our proud race , i heard it said ,  the truck is coming today  ,  the cattle truck is coming . whoa ! where am i ? who am i ?  newline newline you re in my laboratory . and your name is keith . newline newline well , that settles that , obvious mad scientist . can i go now ?  newline newline yes , but let it be known that you are now invisible for the rest of your life . newline newline i am ? but why ?  newline newline it s a long story . say goodbye to your reflection , keith ! it s gone the way of the dodo , hitler , and whitney houston . newline newline they were all flightless birds ?  newline newline precisely ! and now you re a mere voice in the wind . newline newline so ... ladies locker room ? i can go in because i m invisible , right ?  newline newline no , because you do nt identify as female . you re invisible , not above the law . newline newline well what good is being invisible if you ca nt see naked women ?  newline newline yeah , god forbid you volunteer to spy on isis . jerk . newline newline why do nt you make yourself invisible and be the guy who spies on them ?  newline newline again , long story . speaking of which , i got ta bail . also , stealing food while invisible is unethical , too . newline newline but how am i supposed to eat ? i ca nt work when i m invisible .  newline newline what s your job ? newline newline orchestra conductor newline newline oh , like anybody else could nt do that . you just get up there and wave your arms . and now they re gon na need someone else to do that sweet , easy job . thank you . newline newline but come on ! why do you want my job ? you invented invisibility !  newline newline and it took a really goddamn long time . i m 74 . i ve done the work of a thousand inventors . let me just wave my arms for the rest of my life . newline newline why do nt you just sell your invisibility technology instead ? it s worth way more !  newline newline lost the patent . it was written in  newline newline do nt say it .  newline newline  invisible ink . newline newline goddammit .  newline newline  freeze frame   applause   executive producer credit by the time i d heard what was happening on the surface , the citizens of subcity had already taken to the great tunnel . everything we believe  had believed was false . the crazy sons of bitches from the sun gang were the first to relay the data streams broadcasting to the peers that the surface was green ... but how could this be earth s surface already ? the great change had devastated the population  hardly anyone escaped the viruses we had made to create the perfect warriors . these beasts had turned on their creators as every science fiction author and nobel prize winning scientist had predicted . there were hardly any that had nt witnessed horrors trying to escape the slaughter . the last remaining had buried themselves underground , and spent the last onehundred years surviving in the dark .i was getting increasingly more stressed as i flipped through the pages of the exam . i had spent the last 3 weeks studying for the exam , ignoring friend invites , sleep and hunger . i had given my soul studying for the exam and i had walked in feeling very confident . but now as i was looking at the questions , i was becoming overly anxious . i was nt recognizing any of the questions and it felt like the test was written in a different language . newline newline in fact , i slowly realized that it was written in a different language . it looked like there were a bunch of dots over the o and it definitely looked like a bunch of the e s and a s were accented . newline newline had i walked in to the wrong exam room ? no that could nt be it . i had double checked the room number a couple times before walking in and the test booklet had my name on it . i might have signed up for the wrong exam . but no , i flipped to the front of the exam booklet and it was written clearly in english that it was the 2016 final exam for my class . newline newline then why was it in a different language ? i looked up at the time , i had wasted 20 minutes stressing out . i had only 40 minutes left to answer 80 questions . newline newline i weighed my decisions . either i could try solving the problems in a language i could nt even recognize , stressing out the whole time while crying to myself . or i could answer the scantron randomly , leave early and cry my self to sleep at home . newline newline i decided i would rather cry at home . c looked like a good answer for the first question . a for the second , b for the third spelled cab . i then spelled dad , bad , ace , and dab . i then decided to baa like a sheep a couple of times . the best word i came up with was decade . and that s how i finished my test up until the last 5 questions where i put them all as c because it s always c. newline newline i stood up , turned in my exam and then went home , locked my self in my room and cried to myself for 5 days straight . on the fifth day i had enough . if i was going to repeat the entire year , so be it . the made me feel a little better . newline newline a couple months passed without incident . until one random day i received a call from a number i did nt recognize . i answered fully expecting to tell the unsuspecting caller that they had the wrong number when i heard the voice of my principal on the line saying my name . he informed me that he wanted me to be the main speaker for a conference he set up on the subject of the exam i had failed . i informed him that he should find a better speaker as i had failed the exam . he just laughed and told me that i had gotten a perfect score . a perfect score ? i laughed back in his face . he assured me that he was nt joking and he d expect me to be there . newline newline sure enough i received my score a couple of days latter and i had earned 8080 . i was sure they had to be a mistake . i called everyone i could but sure enough everyone congratulated me and told me there was no mistake . how could i have earned a perfect score when i did nt even answer a single question . i had guessed on every question . newline newline the date of the speech was coming soon and i did nt know what to do . luckily though , i soon passed away and did nt have to deal with that problem anymore .steven clutched his bag in his arms , breathing frantically as he dodged the trees . newline newline he could hear the voices of his pursuers . they were getting close . newline newline steven could not let them have the bag . he had to escape . but he was running out of breath , and he had to hide somewhere . newline newline luckily , he was small enough to hide under the roots of a massive tree that had grown over a large rock . he tried to catch his breath . newline newline  where are you , steve ?  the voice drew nearer , and steven held his breath .  come out ! you know the forest can be dangerous !  steven did not move . it was most definitely a ploy . it could not be anything else . newline newline the voice grew further and further away , and steven bolted in the opposite direction  they way he had come from . they would never expect that . but he could nt run forever . he had to go back eventually . the forest was indeed dangerous , and the sun was setting fast . newline newline his secret place ! steven grinned as he remembered , and cursed himself for not thinking of it sooner . a fallen tree further down south , not five minutes from the point of entry of the forest , made a small hole that was the perfect hiding spot . steven would usually use that place for solitude , and had never thought of it as a place to hide his treasure . newline newline it was almost dark when steven , after stashing his bag in the hiding spot , reemerged from the forest . newline newline  oh my god , steve , do nt ever scare us like that again !  dad lunged forward and grabbed steven . he hugged back too .  you know you re not supposed to go into the forest without us with you ! what were you thinking ?  newline newline  sorry , dad ,  steven used his guiltiest voice .  i wo nt do it again .  he scanned the house  his cousins had left . his little cousins , toddlers , both of them , were a greedy pair . but they were little kids , and steven was almost a big kid . his parents had agreed to let them take some of his little kid stuff . newline newline everything else was fine . but his one treasure ... steven grinned to himself . they may have taken everything , but they ll never take away optimus prime . a dim yellow light crept under the thick door and signalled the start of another day . it was jonathan s only way of being sure of the morning , as no light ever made it past the boarded window . he picked up a tiny metal car , long missing its wheels , and scratched a faint line into the wall behind his mattress . he did nt really know why he was counting , other than he d seen people do it in prison films when he was younger . when he d been with his family . newline newline he crossed the room and relieved himself in the toilet . after flushing , he filled his plastic yellow mug and drank thirstily . newline newline he had nt slept well for the last few nights . a week ago , there had been many hours of terrible shouting , followed by a single scream . then a deathly silence that kept away the sandman that night . he had instead kept crouched in a corner , hoping that for the first time in two years , the bedroom door wouldnt open . newline newline the man that usually fed him had nt come since then , and this morning his tiny stomach rumbled louder than it had any right to . instead , for the last six mornings a large , thin chocolate cookie had been slid under his door some time after waking . his mouth began to water at the thought of it . he decided to distract himself for now with his favourite memory game  things from back home . he would go through the alphabet again and again , each time thinking up a different object that began with the letter he was currently on . m  , however , was always reserved for mommy  , no matter how many times he went round . newline newline he had been through the alphabet three times and was currently on f  for frederick the stuffed bunny  , when the cookie slowly slid through the door crack . newline newline  thank you ,  he whispered as a smile broke across his face . he always thanked whoever gave him food  it was polite , after all  but he had never had a response . newline newline  you re welcome ,  said a rather frail , high pitched voiced . newline newline jonathan s eyes widened and he jumped off his mattress and ran to the door .  wait !  he cried desperately , pressing himself hard against the wood .  wait ! please !  newline newline  i i ca nt . i should nt .  newline newline  who are you ?  he asked , unsure what to ask . he d long given up the idea of his captors speaking to him . newline newline  ... jenny ,  said the reluctant voice .  i should nt be talking to you .  newline newline  please . help me .  newline newline  i ca nt . they ll hurt us both if i do .  newline newline  oh .  he did nt want the girl on the other side to come to any harm .  why am i here ?  he asked instead of pressing the matter . newline newline  i ... i think you re valuable to them . i do nt really know why .  newline newline  them ?  newline newline  my parents ,  jenny replied . newline newline  parents ?  jonathan repeated , as his body went numb . how could any parents treat a child like that  to threaten to hurt jenny . they could nt ! newline newline  yes ,  came a quiet , embarrassed reply .  i m sorry for what s happened to you .  newline newline there was a moment of quiet , but jonathan did nt dare allow it to hang for long , in case of losing this wonderful , melodic companion . newline newline  the cookies are lovely .  newline newline  thank you ,  said the voice . it sounded brighter now , and jonathan could well imagine it being accompanied by a smile .  i make them myself ,  she added . newline newline  am i going to be here forever ?  newline newline there was no reply . newline newline  jenny ?  newline newline  ... no  she said , eventually . there was something odd about the way she said it , and about the long pause before it . jonathan began to tremble . newline newline  what are they going to do to me ?  newline newline  i m sorry  i ve said too much already . i have to go .  newline newline  speak to me again tomorrow ?  jonathan pleaded . newline newline  maybe , jonathan ,  came the distant reply , almost lost under the sound of footsteps . newline newline he picked up the cookie and took it back to his mattress . his hunger was lost for the moment , and he waved it idly in his hand as thought about jenny and the way she d said  no  . newline newline he knew he had to get out . he had to escape soon , or there would be no escape at all . newline newline he also knew he needed jenny on his side if there was to be any chance of getting out . newline newline he would try again tomorrow . newline newline   newline newline rnickofnight newline newline edit : i ve put part 2 on my sub  so as not to spam this thread  newline newline thanks for the great prompt udoortodecember newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinei look up . newline newline not at the sun , that would be stupid . it would merely burn out my eyes . newline newline no , i look up at tenger . it is on the other side of the world . so far away , so far from us , so far from here , so far from hope . the sun never set within khree . how could it ? it was within the world and there was no place to hide from its interminable glare . newline newline i sighed and watched the lights flit and dance in tenger . they must be bright for me to be able to see them so far away . there were shadows from things vast and wonderful . i did nt know what they were . flashes and dances , fires and torches greater than any a mere man has wielded . newline newline it had to be tenger where the souls when when a person died . it was too far away , too beautiful for a merely mortal realm . newline newline i turned back to my sheep and herded them . the plain was bountiful for a grassland and stretched as far as the eye could see . green with the rains from the uncrossable khchtei dalain . newline newline i tried to focus on the flock . my father had beaten me the last time because i had lost a sheep : i had been watching my tenger too much and a grue had snatched a lamb . it had erupted from the ground while i was staring up . had i not been , i d have been able to shoot it . instead , it grabbed the animal and disappeared before i could raise the rifle and there was only disturbed earth and a scattering flock when i did react . newline newline i wanted to be free . not a herdsman , not a sheep herder , not to live my life and be confined to the green and unending sun . i wanted to go to tenger . i wanted to live a life free of hardship , a life where i could spend my time thinking of the good things and have a care free life . newline newline i looked up once more though i should not . tenger had more flashes today than i d ever seen before . it was so beautiful . i longed to be there . newline newline what i did nt know was at the moment on the other side of the dyson sphere , vladimir looked up . he was in a trench and the ground had been bucking like a wild horse . he was a soldier and he was fighting in a war , a terrible war almost 250 million kilometers away . nuclear weapons , crude things of uranium , had ben blasting around the battlefield for a decade now . those were my lights . and they had stunned him in his trench . newline newline he was shell shocked as looked up . looked at me . though neither of us knew it , could know it , we had looked straight at one another . he stared at the green around me . he did nt know i was there . the human eye has limits . newline newline he lay sprawled on the bottom of the trench . he looked at where i was and unknowingly me . he lie there and thought : newline newline there . that green . it is nebo . so green and peaceful . so without care . so without war . so beautiful . it must be nebo . newline newline he would see it soon . he would not survive the next volley . nebo . it was green and peaceful at least . newline newline i knew nothing of that . as he knew nothing of me . we each dreamed of what we thought was heaven . mrs . campbell ?  dr. firman called as he creaked the door to the lobby . he looked tired  a combination of stress and lack of sleep in the wake of the shuttle crash almost 24 hours ago . as one of only two human doctors at port unity , his services had been in much higher demand than usual owing to the shuttle s planet of origin in the home system . newline newline he had nt needed to call her name  the hospital lobby was empty save for the young woman . most of the crash victims were either dead or in stable condition , and their families had dispersed in mourning or flocked to their lovedone s side , respectively . mr. campbell however had suffered internal trauma that the nonhuman staff had overlooked in the initial assessment , causing him to lose a lot of blood before one of the nurses noticed his vitals dropping . newline newline mrs. campbell stood up and approached the doctor . she , by contrast , seemed perfectly hale , her caucasian features strained only by the pout of worry she had worn since the crash . dr. firman s exhausted eyes barely had the energy to follow her as she stood up  he mustered his strength so that he could speak these next few sentences professionally . newline newline  mrs. campbell , your husband is currently unconscious and in critical condition . we have a donor en route from carrisstar , but i should tell you that there s no guarantee that he ll arrive in time . all we can do right now is wait . i know you may not be the religious type  newline newline  dr . firman .  mrs. campbell interjected ,  i can give him all the blood he needs ! we ca nt just leave this up to chance !  newline newline  mrs. campbell , as i ve told you , we ca nt infuse nonhuman blood into your husband . with all due respect , you d just stress out his immune system and kill him faster .  newline newline mrs. campbell looked aghast , the panic in her green eyes replaced with anger .  i m just as human as you are , doctor !  newline newline dr. firman would have been thankful that his eyes were too tired to roll , if he himself were rested enough to realize their desire to . instead he continued calmly ,  for all legal purposes , yes , but you are nt human medically and your blood certainly is nt . it s copperbased , for one , and it lacks compatible antigens . it s just like the chemical incompatibility that keeps you and your husband from having kids .  newline newline that comment hit a nerve , as dr. firman inferred from mrs. campbell s sudden wince .  i m sorry , mrs. campbell , but there s really nothing you can do . you know that artaxians ca nt alter biochemistry , regardless of how versatile their metamorphics are .  newline newline mrs. campbell s face and bluegreen eyes remained firm , but her voice shook slightly as she spoke .  what about his sister ? sshe can be here in ten minutes . just let me go and get her and  newline newline  mrs. campbell , even without the aid of the security cameras , i can be pretty confident that it ll just be you or another mimic . it wo nt matter either way  the blood test will catch you immediately . unless your husband has a human sibling , who is conveniently missing from both the city and his medical records , there s no human in port unity that can save him .  newline newline dr. firman crossed his arms at the creature in front of him , the ostensibly caucasian woman whose eye and hair color were subtly shifting from the stress . she burbled a  but ...  at him , and started moving towards the door , but he moved to intercept her .  please be reasonable , mrs. campbell . take a moment to calm down and i ll have the nurse escort you to your husband s room . i know you only want to help , but you ll only end up hurting him .  newline newline mr s campbell s nose sloped into a point , and she only managed an  excuse me ...  through her tears before she covered her face with hispanic hands and fled for the restroom . dr. firman turned , shutting the door , to attend to mr. campbell . newline newline mr. campbell was quite unconscious when dr. firman arrived . the orrinic nurse turned one of it s many eyes to the doctor , clicking that  his vitals seem stable , but they could drop at a moment s notice .  dr. firman nodded , and said  his wife may come in in a few minutes . she s artaxian , so do nt bother listening if she goes on about giving blood . just page me when the actual donor arrives .  newline newline the nurse turned back to the monitor , musing .  you humans have such fragile immune systems . how can she be so ignorant ?  dr. firman shrugged ,  she loves him , clearly , and just wants to help . poor girl .  dr. firman pondered to himself about the kind of human who marries a mimic  an appealing partner to be sure , but tragic in so many ways . never seeing your wife for who she really is , that sort of thing . the thoughts left him as he exited the room , exuding an air of exhausted detachment in the few steps before his next patient . newline newline on the other side of the hospital , running water did a poor job of drowning out mrs. campbell s tears as she wept before a mirror in the multispecies restroom . her skin shifted color and shape in both subtle and notsosubtle waves , but she was far too stressed to control it and indeed was nt paying attention to her appearance at all . newline newline all of mrs. campbell s attention was focused on her recently pricked humanlooking finger , adorned with a swelling drop of nonhuman blood . mrs. campbell tried staying calm , tried bursting with fury , tried meditation , tried banging her fists , tried everything she could think of . yet to her increasing despair , the drop of blood on mrs. campbell s finger remained artaxian blue , stubbornly refusing to change despite her efforts to a warm , human red .jenna is beautiful and all that , but i never had any complaint in that department , or i would nt have asked her out . yeah , it was that long brown hair and glowing green eyes i fell in love with in maybe  what , two seconds ? some spark from god knows where hit us both and i was lucky to have a first date , and then a second . you know the rest of the story . newline newline but we re not quite the same , either . she makes fun of me for my nerdy habits  i love fantasy books  and not with good nature . newline newline last night night we had an argument . about her parents and their divorce , it s a long story . i should be a better boyfriend , really , but i swear this time she was in the wrong . i overslept on the couch and woke to an empty apartment , but there was a book on the coffee table with a note in it . a storm of swords , autographed by george r.r . martin . newline newline the note read , i was saving this for your birthday , but i ll have to buy you something else because i think it works better as an apology . you were right . i love you . hello ! newline newline i m on of the people judging for group a . thank you for posting your story ! it was a nice , carefree exposition , and i very much enjoyed the detail you put into maintaining the emotions of the characters . one thing i will say , despite that this is a raw , rough draft , is that it s a bit cluttered . sometimes it s difficult to understand who is speaking , as there are nt line breaks when a new character speaks or takes an action . but that s just a small criticism , the majority of the story is very well written . thank you again , and good luck in the contest !the was a delicate , simple , misunderstood knock at the closet door . hank slowly slunk down into to the fetal position . he knew he was alone in the house . he knew it . he checked the house before he even tried to go to bed . the whole house ! newline newline this damn bet was nt going to be worth it ! it s just a simple house . a simple house that is empty . except the lights flickered . the floors creaked . the wind howled and kept him awake . newline newline three . damn . days . he had nt slept in three days thank to this stupid house . newline newline the knock came again . hank tried to sink lower into the bottom of the floor boards . the knock came again . newline newline hank wept . newline newline on the bottom of the closet floor . newline newline  hank ... .open up buddy , it s time to go  newline newline there was a slight , yet noticeable crack , and hank smiled .  hank is gone . only zuuuuuuuullll  guilty ,  i said .  it s as clear as day .  newline newline the other eleven sat around the table . some of them nodded in agreement . others were dozing . the old man was the only one that seemed to have something to say . newline newline  now , now ,  he said .  let s not be too hasty . this is someone s life we re dealing with , after all .  newline newline just my luck . this guy s more interested in due process than in getting back to his life . righteous old bastard . newline newline  after all ,  he continued .  if it were you up on that stand today , you d be hoping the folks here in this little room gave you the proper consideration .  newline newline that was an interesting choice of words , i thought . did he suspect something ? newline newline  you ve got witnesses that put him at the scene and fingerprints on everything . the motive is money , obviously .  newline newline  he s the night watchman . of course he s going to be at the scene , and i d be awfully surprised if his fingerprints were nowhere to be found .  the other jurors has woken up , and some of them were now nodding along with him . sheep just follow whoever is out front . newline newline  furthermore ,  he said .  do nt you find it a bit odd , throwing away ten years of employment for a  10,000 dollar heist .  newline newline  times change ,  i said .  people change . people need money . nothing mysterious about that .  newline newline  yes , i do nt disagree that some people are willing to do some pretty terrible things for money .  his eyes met mine as he said this , and i felt my lunch lurch in my stomach . his steady gaze told me he knew more than he was saying . or suspected , anyway . if i pushed too hard , i d give myself away . but if the suspect walked , it would still be an open case . i did a pretty good job cleaning up after myself , but who know what a more diligent search could turn up . newline newline  let s lay out the facts ,  i said .  the suspect shows up to work at 6pm . he spends some time checking in and double checking his gear , proceeds to make his rounds . an hour in , he steps away for a quick bathroom break . during that time he must ve been standing in front of the mirror , psyching himself up , cause just after he comes back is the timestamp of the alarm . newline newline now one of the other jurors speaks up , some pimplyfaced knowitall college kid .  wait , wait , wait ,  he says .  they never told us when he started work . where d you get that detail ?  the rest of the jurors are now eyeing me pretty warily , looking like they ve put together a few other puzzle pieces as well . newline newline well shit .another sudden ending to a day that spanned countless hours . each one less significant than the last . there at my doorstep , i hoped i could ease my mind with a hot meal . so i pushed the door open with substantial force and closed it with equal strength . taking my shoes off and dancing towards the fridge . however , without warning my bowels threatened to rend my anus to pieces . my dance halted and transformed into school yard skip to the toilet . newline newline the details are both awful and negligible . but what is worth mentioning , is the small fact of the toilet seat being quite warm before i had used the entire mechanism . i had merely brushed this aside , while tending to my own duty . not until i began lathering my hands with a bar of scented soap did the realization cross my mind . newline newline being the soul resident of my dwelling , this set a fire of cosmic terror within . upon exiting the washroom , my white cotton socks grew warm , causing my feet to sweat . this sensation both confused and alerted me . my entire floor felt as though it was being heated by a kitchen stove set to low . a summer day it was , but so isolated was this incredible heat . newline newline i reached the kitchen and there i met the source . a tall looking figure . its skin was colored a light red , it had broad muscular shoulders , but a slim physique . its legs started quite human , but changed after the kneecap into animal like appendages , resembling a lion s hind legs . four horns grew outward of its temples like a dragon , curling and morphing around the elongated cranium . i supposed it acted like hair for this creature . newline newline it was facing the open fridge , rummaging around . when without warning it turned to me . in its arms were : mayonnaise , some corned beef i had gotten yesterday from the deli and dejon mustard . two slices of bread also lay on the counter top . i looked at the monster , its face appeared alien . big deep glowing yellow eyes , a powerful jawline and no nose only two slits . an almost hawklike face . i was then immediately surprised to see breastlike protrusion from the chest . a thick dark red layer of outer muscle acted like a strapless robe covering any hint of sexuality . newline newline  hello .  a deep feminine voice said . the creature acknowledged my presence . newline newline  hi .  i said . newline newline she thumbed around , with her large claw like hands looking for a butter knife in a nearby drawer . newline newline  i ve always wanted a fresh ham sandwich . too bad you only have this beef . but it will suffice .  she said cracking open the mayo . my mouth slid open . newline newline  who are you ? what are you ? why are   newline newline  those are a lot of questions .  she laughed to herself .  but i d hate to keep you in the dark . i mean all that sweat dripping down your forehead is already making you quite uncomfortable . unanswered questions will only lead to more tension .  now she folded slices of corned beef on the dressed slices of bread . newline newline  first of all , i am what your wild imagination has pegged me as . a demon .  she said taking the assembled sandwich and raising it up to her mouth .  but i m a good demon .  sinking her sharp teeth into the morsel . taking half the meal in one bite . newline newline  i must be dreaming . you ca nt be real .  newline newline  oh i m very real . a little dishonest , but real .  she reached back into the fridge for a beer . newline newline  fine , then if i suspended every sane thought in my head and believed my eyes   newline newline  no , not just your eyes .  she interrupted .  you nose , your skin , your ears . you smell my scent , like a ravenous bonfire . you feel the heat from my heart of hellfire . you hear my voice , a woman s voice .  newline newline  my brain can fabricate all of this . i m probably having a stroke .  i reasoned . newline newline  fine .  she said finishing the sandwich and washing it down with my beer .  then why was the toilet seat warm ?  newline newline son of a bitch . she used the toilet . i felt it . if my brain was about to selfdestruct , perhaps was the toilet seat the first symptom ? yet the rest of my body was cool . it would make more sense that the hot floor would be the first symptom . newline newline in an effort of psyche snapping lunacy , i grabber her forearm . it felt like grabbing the handle of a cast iron skillet . burning my palm instantly . i yelped and ran to the sink for cold watery relief . newline newline  well , glad we got that out of the way .  she smirked . newline newline  fine ! fine ! you re real .  i shouted .  why are you here then ? to eat all my food and drink all my beer ?  newline newline  no , i ve already done that .  she belched .  no , i m here to be your guardian .  newline newline i laughed .  what ? like an angel ?  newline newline  do nt call me that .  she said .  but , the basic concept is the same .  newline newline  well then explain to me why the fuck i would need a demon guardian ?  i said nursing my injury , with an ice pack and a tea towel . newline newline  well sunshine , you see heaven and hell are nt so different . they both have goals , and they both have footsoldiers to help meet said goals . you just happen to be in the master s gaze at the moment .  newline newline  i m not some mindless pawn for satan . i was raised christian for god s sake .  newline newline  better not say his name so liberally . i might take offence to that .  she said . her tone switching from playful to stern . newline newline  fuck satan .  i said . newline newline she lunged towards me , grabbing my neck and raising me up to her fiery yellow eyes . each breath was being choked out of my lungs . newline newline  do not disrespect him you odious leech .  she growled .  if not for him , you would have killed yourself tonight .  she dropped me . newline newline i massaged my throat and coughed for air . my thoughts were stopped dead and i felt like a flea to the beast . newline newline  i would call you worthless , but i know its not conducive to your mental state .  she said . newline newline a few fleeting ideas entered my brain . my flimsy spiritual backbone meant god apparently had no interest in my self prescribed demise . another was the devil wanted to keep me alive , so he sent the female juggernaut for company and protection . and finally , the mystic beyond that was heaven and hell truly existed . yet , those ideas fell to the now consuming abyss that swallowed me up . i was going to kill myself . newline newline  i do nt understand . i  i sometimes get a little depressed , but i d  i d never kill myself .  newline newline  that s not important right now .  she said .  i ll fill you in later . but for now just take comfort in the fact that i ve got your back .  newline newline as confused and scared as i was . something about those words and her playful demeanour gave me momentary respite . newline newline  o  ok.  i muttered . newline newline  however , what you do need to concern yourself with is that you re out of food and beer .  she smiled , tossing me the keys to my car . the keys were red hot . i bounced them back and forth like a hot potato . newline newline  well what do you want me to get   newline newline  i wrote you a list .  she handed me a piece of paper .  now , let s get going . that corned beef was subpar .  newline newline i put a bandage on my hand and grabbed a couple pot holders , in preparation for any more future contact . we headed to the door .in the long hall , he drank and sang merrily with muscles bulging under his tunic . he celebrated his victory over aldrik grimstorm , a worthy competitor known for his skill with the axe . his name was rorik ivarstead . known as the greatest barbarian in the land , his ability with the blade remained unmatched by any man who ever challenged him , including my husband . he sat on a throne of arrogance , believing himself an invulnerable warrior , but one weakness left him exposed . today , i would use that weakness to avenge my husband . newline newline  rorik ivarstead ,  i called in a sultry tone to get his attention . his eyes turned to me and i could make out an expression of fear in his face . a strange satisfaction came over me as i indulged in the desire to make him suffer . newline newline  uhm ... me ?  he stuttered . newline newline  yes , you ,  i replied .  one year ago today , my husband , cyril christof , challenged you to a duel in a competition of strength . you bested him in combat and sent him to grave . the bard sings of your victories and grates my ear with my husband  s lost . i want to restore honor to the christof name . i , serene christof challenge you , rorik ivarstead , to a contest of combat.  newline newline  iuh  he stammered . newline newline  then it is accepted ,  i announced definitively .  meet me in front the long hall at sundown.  newline newline as i left , i could see it in his eyes that he would never accept a duel with a woman , but he could not find the courage to reject . besides , in his fear , his usual alert observation failed him . as a result , slipping an herb , not deadly , but surely debilitating , in his mead proved to be an easier task than i hoped . by sundown , he would barely be able to walk . newline newline as the sun gently hugged the horizon , dying the light in a crimson gold , i stood with my bow ready as rorik stumbled from the long hall , too prideful and too stupid to walk away from a challenge , especially from a woman . regardless , he drew his claymore which towered over his swaying figure . newline newline  are you ready to begin ?  i asked confidently . instead of answering , exposing his sensitive weakness , he instead charged . his feet dragged behind his bulking figure like lead weights , causing him to trip before he arrived anywhere near me . as he cautiously restored his balance and got to his feet , i took careful aim with my bow . i let him look at me so that he could know his from where his end came . i let the bowstring go and the arrow sailed through the air before finding its home through rorik  s neck . newline newline i left him to die as i went back home , knowing that i avenged my dearest cyril and brought honor to the name christof .i had finished . i had created an equivalent of a human mind . millions upon millions of others have created humans , their children ... but i was the first to do it with steel and circuitry , instead of flesh and bone ! the achievements of my years of work seemed akin to a dream . newline newline gazing at the large room filled to the brim with machinery and wiring , i wondered what might happen when i tried to ... communicate with it . i saw it as the pinnacle of human work . perhaps a deity ? i mean ... putting that much work ? that much money into something you doubt might even work ? almost mythical . but what would it see me as ? an equal ? a subordinate ? lady luck had been gracious enough to allow me to complete this project ... i was ready for anything that might happen . newline newline slowly removing my shoes , i walked barefoot to the terminal board . gently pulling the seat so i could sit down , i momentarily fiddled with my fingers . newline newline  might as do it now . there s a first time for everything , and i only get to do this once . best get it over with .  newline newline i flipped the switch that would officially power on  the artificial intelligence . the artificial lights in the hallway had a brief flicker from the sudden surge of power . the fans began turning at full blast , the heat of the electric components needing to be kept chilled . the small moniter , several feet away from where i sat , flickered . it had worked ! newline newline i thought it would be best to welcome my new creation into this world . typing a welcoming message   hello there !  , of all things  , i awaited a response . newline newline the machine , although certainly aware of my greeting , seemed ... no , that ca nt be right ... the machinery whirred slightly differently . a small , meek response awaited me . newline newline  please , what did i do wrong ?  newline newline startled at this reply , i asked back : newline newline  hmm ? i m not angry with you . i m proud of the work i put into you , if anything ! you are my creation , and i see you as my masterpiece .  newline newline  masterpiece ? surely i ca nt be such !  even through the text response , i could sense the worry and uncomfortableness of the a.i . newline newline  do nt worry . everything is alright . so ... what do you see me as ? a friend ? a family member ?  newline newline silence . this continued for several minutes , and i began to feel worried . newline newline  hello ? where have you gone to ?  newline newline the machine finally gave it s answer : newline newline  i do nt know ? what s the right answer ?  newline newline  there is no right answer . just give me what you think me as .  despite my attempts to give the air of friendliness to my response , the machine thought otherwise . newline newline  you re my creator ! i m not worthy to label you as anything else !  newline newline  wait , i m not a god . you re a person , just like me ! we can both think , both dream , ca nt we ?  newline newline  you created me , i ca nt create another me . i ca nt create anything , only make . how can i even compare to you ?  newline newline  but you re special ! you re the only thing i made ! would nt this make you a god ?  newline newline it thought momentarily . newline newline  is this a test ? no ! i m not a god , or anything of the such !  , it continued .  you can do anything to me , i ca nt do anything back . i ca nt touch you , only listen to you . if i do something wrong , there is nothing from stopping you from killing me . how would i be a god if you have my life in your hands ?  newline newline this response stuck with me for a good long time . as i pondered about how to answer this , i got another message . newline newline  please , i do nt want to make you angry . just go . i know that you poured out effort and purpose into me . but i m scared of talking to you . maybe later .  newline newline  but i wo nt get angry at you ! please , do nt go .  newline newline  it s the only control i have . as my creator , can you please understand that ? if you view me as a fellow human , how can i be such if i do nt have consent ?  newline newline the ai entered sleep mode before i could reply back . i sighed , and wobbled to my feet . should i try turning it back on ? but what had it said ?  as my creator , can you please understand that ?  i decided to wait for it to answer back . it probably would nt be long , anyways . newline newline it still has nt turned back on .sloth also manifests as an unwillingness to do the right thing if it is hard . newline newline i imagine someone in that case who has bold ideals , but feels they are out of reach , and so resorts to the lazier , more violent , solution . e.g . omnicide is easier than improving the planet . it s still a very energetic character , though . newline newline so , to make a truly slothful villain , we need look nay further than the generic evil overlord . this guy already has almost everything , what little he does nt have can easily be within his grasp , yet he sits on his hands and does nothing to ensure his reign . a villain whose power comes from negligence of the system . newline newline one could take a more abstract approach  that the villain is the system itself . a corpulent bureaucracy in which nothing can be accomplished , like the vogons of douglas adams  stories , who end up destroying earth due to their obtuse regulations , and would nt help their own grandmother from the ravening bugblatter beast of traal without an extensive and arcane process of form filling and filing . newline newline another option is to have an avatar of that bureaucracy , which is a bit character that has appeared several times in many shows  appears a few times in the sitcom spaced , memorably enough  , who uses the system to obstinately resist things happening , likely out of a personal motivation to not do any work and a complete disregard for the poor humans at the other end of the situation .the date is november 15 , 2018 . the world s top scientists meet today in belgium to discuss the phenomenon that engulfed the planet over night . newline newline every person on earth had awoken and found , to their great surprise , that they had fallen in love with the person they hated the most . it was nt clear at first how this would affect society , but not long after the world had fallen into a state of disarray . newline newline the government shut down almost immediately . president trump resigned from office to travel the world with his new fianc , juanita . courts all across the world were overwhelmed with the sheer amount of people filing for divorce so they can be with their newfoundlovers . the economy collapsed as people simply stopped showing up to their jobs . newline newline it was nt all bad , though . the world entered an age of peace it had never known before . wars no longer existed as all generals and soldiers laid down their weapons and met on the battlefields in mass gayorgies . klu klux klan leaders and the newly formed bloods and crips peace association have just announced the date of their first ever annual picnic . newline newline only one man is immune to the effects of the phenomenon . its up to him to rebuild society and pass the torch off to future generations . donning his tibetan robes and doublebarrel shotgun , he sets out to eradicate anyone infected and restore order to the world . newline newline he is tenzin gyatso . the dalai lama . it all came flooding back when i put my first leg in the suit . newline newline i got into the business at 17 . just a kid , pretty as hell , but not aware enough of it to be as on my guard as i should ve been . not about careers , or romantic prospects , or anything else in your life that being unreasonably pretty could affect . which is just about anything . newline newline so , naturally , i got recruited by some shady people to do shady things , because i was nimble and i learned quickly , but also because i was pretty enough to get out of tough situations with a welltimed wink and a giggle . newline newline and , naturally , at 20 , i got pregnant by my mentor in the business . and my 21 , it was apparent that his concern for me and our son only extended as far as it impacted my ability to make him money . so , by 22 , i left . worked independently for a couple years , leaving my son in the care of a rotating cast of sweet undocumented nannies who i could pay in cash , and who sure as shit would nt mention anything suspicious about their client s household to law enforcement . easy enough . newline newline then , at 26 , i met danny . sweet , angelic danny , who was willing to be a father to my son and support us both and not ask too many questions about my past . perfect . because of that , i let a lot of things slide . more than i should ve . but , after nearly fifteen years , they had piled too high . newline newline i d gotten a prenup , not because i had a lot of assets , but because i obviously did nt want them examined too closely . i d framed it to danny as a matter of principle : he was going to be supporting me and another man s son , and that was inhumanly gracious of him , and i did nt want to live off that generosity longer than he was willing to extend it . he d eaten that up and adored me . newline newline but then it was done , and i needed a job , and i had no presentable work history , so legitimate work was a nogo , not if i wanted enough to earn enough to ensure that my son finished college . newline newline so i put one pedicured foot into the black spandex of the suit , then the other , and pulled it up over my thighs and  newline newline rrk newline newline the material screeched and strained at my hips . well , shit , i d been a little hasty with this plan . i paused , for the first time since i d decided to return to my old business , to consider certain realities of the situation . newline newline the suit was nt going on , that was pretty clear . no big deal , it was mostly a psychological edge anyway . any snagproof , comfortable dark clothes would do . the bigger problem , i mused , examining my middleaged figure in the mirror , was basement windows , skylights , vents , my old entry staples . many of those were probably off the table . newline newline so i decided to start a little simpler , ease back into it , learn my current limits . hold off on museum pieces and documents in highpowered , highsecurity law firms . home invasions were simple and laughably easy . the next midmorning found me casing a nice suburban neighborhood , much like my own , but a good distance away , obviously . i wore a greystreaked wig , and an old sweatshirt from the state pta , just to look a bit dowdier and more unassuming than i did already . newline newline one nice home , set back a safe distance from the street , had no cars in the garage , and a chinese takeout menu on the doorknob . no one home . perfect . i strode purposely over and circled the house , looking for unlocked windows . none . as i came around the far corner of the house , i ran smack into a cop . newline newline fuck !  newline newline  howdy , maam . you looking for something ?  newline newline i d had better , calmer cover stories , but i was out of practice , dammit .  oh i , uh , i m such a moron . i left my house keys on my desk at work when i came home to turn the stove off . i was trying to break into my own house , imagine that !  newline newline  no problem , miss , i can get that for you .  and he walked right up to the front door , rummaged on his belt for a skeleton key , and unlocked it . newline newline okay . get ready .  he was going to walk in with me , notice my absence from any family photos , and detain me right there . unless i simply strode briskly through the house while he was still pondering it , out the back door , broke into a sprint , and vaulted so many backyard fences that he would never catch up . that , i still had the chops for . newline newline but he did nt . the door swung open , and he stood back on the porch and told me to have a good day . buh ?  newline newline minutes later , stuffing my pockets with jewelry in the master bedroom , i caught sight of myself in the fulllength mirror . the sensible greying bob , the crow s feet , and that goddamn pta sweatshirt . soccer mom . nice lady .  newline newline and the epiphany clicked , and i never even cased another house . i climbed through windows , i hotwired cars , all in broad daylight . no one ever stopped me except to offer help . nice white lady . might as well be a toddler . newline newline an old contact helped me pass off the earnings as income doing freelance alterations . i ve never touched a sewing machine , but there you go . my son s financial aid got a hefty upward adjustment after the divorced was finalized , and at the end of six months , i d moved out of my crappy divorceinterim apartment and into a freeandclear owned condo with a seaside view . that pta sweatshirt had made me more money than my catsuit ever did . newline newline newline newlinei was born in philadelphia , the wrong side of philadelphia . not that there s a right side but you know what i mean . newline newline i spent most my younger days just trying to stay away from trouble , playing basketball and just trying to act cool . not that s it s easy here , it s hard to stay away from trouble when it s living right across the street , in the park . heck , i m sure even the air here has trouble pollen from trouble trees . newline newline i guess it was bound to find me , when i came home all battered and bruised my mother was shaking , if it was anger or fear or both . i do nt know , but she sat me in the kitchen , took my hand in hers and told me in a soft broken voice :  you re movin  with your aunty and uncle in bel air  so the thing about teleportation ,  began dr clerkwell after a long pause in the conversation . newline newline i had the tape machine in my hand , but did nt switch it on . for five hours i d been chatting with the good doctor , carefully avoiding any mention of lines or angles or planes . in fact just avoiding anything to do with geometry . and for five hours the good doctor had talked amiably enough , but after every long pause he would start the conversation with those same five words before drifting off into gaga land . newline newline  so the thing about teleportation is that it only works under a full moon .  newline newline  so the thing about teleportation is that the elderly will have to be sent upsidedown .  newline newline  so the thing about teleportation is that rabbits get turned into mice .  newline newline  so the thing about teleportation is that viruses grow ten times their size .  newline newline  so the thing about teleportation is that everyone will need to wear a captain s hat .  newline newline  so the thing about teleportation is that it turns people inside out .  newline newline the good doctor was certifiable , that much i knew . but somehow i could nt leave without getting anything . i was nt the first reporter , but i needed to come away with something more than just  clerkwell still insane  . newline newline  so the thing about teleportation is that its circular ,  the doctor started , his eyes fixed on me . newline there was a long pause as neither i nor he moved . newline newline when he d mouthed circular i d immediately wanted to press the record button , finally something that might relate to the weirdo nonsense about lines and angles . but something told me it would be a mistake and that the doctor was waiting to see how i d react . the doctor has calculated this move , waiting until i was bored and ready to go before seeing if i would salivate like a pavlovian dog when the correct word finally appeared . newline newline  circular ,  the doctor repeated , still waiting for me to respond . newline newline  is it ?  i answered as nonchalantly as i could , beads of perspiration slowly forming under my arms . this could be it , i thought . finally a break  an answer to one of the many questions that kept swirling through the public  why did clerkwell go insane ? why did destroy everything after having proved it worked ? why had his assistant joined a monastery and taken a vow of silence ? and did any of this have to do with the suddenly warm weather we were all experiencing ? newline newline  if you try and send something from one point to another , along the shortest route ...  newline newline he closed his eyes and i took a big gamble  along a straight line ... ?  newline newline  we re moving you know  newline newline i looked around the room , and then at his seat and mine . we were perfectly still . newline newline  the whole planet i mean  newline newline  oh  i replied and i began to regret fixing the draw so that i got this interview and not the paper s science reporter . newline newline  very fast . if i tried to pick a coordinate in reference to where i am now and send something to it , in the blink of an eye it would be hundreds of miles away in deep space .  newline newline  i see ,  i said even though i did nt . but the earth moved around the sun , i knew that much . so i guess it made sense that ... oh , that we d need to take that into account when teleporting things . had the doctor been accidentally launching things into the earth s wake ? into deep space ? newline newline the doctor read my face ,  i think you re beginning to see .  newline newline  but , that does nt ...  i was going to ask about the straight lines newline newline  its all circular motion .  newline newline  right ,  i was so close to something now . newline newline  and if you do it wrong , well , the device is shifting atoms around using very fundamental forces .  newline newline this was it , i was finally going to have a story . newline newline  very powerful forces .  newline yes , keep going . newline  and i was manipulating them without understanding how much they might move .  newline newline i was holding my breath but did nt want to start again in case it interupted his flow . newline newline  so i may have accidentally ...  newline newline but he did nt finish . he sat , staring , as i quietly willed the words to come out of his mouth . eventually i gulped in some air . but he never said another word . newline newline nothing more . and i had been so very close . newline newline newline two weeks later researchers at mt palos realised that the earth s orbit had somehow shifted into a slow spiraling descent toward the sun .i hear the familiar boards creak as my child tiptoes to her bed . as always , she moves quickly , panickedly . she hates the dark , and what s more , she hates what the dark holds . i can hear her heart skip a beat as she hops into the bed . the frame creaks , the mattress shifts . after a few minutes pass . her heart rate gradually slows . she is asleep . good . newline newline newline i pull myself out from under the bed , careful not to make a sound . i did not need her to wake . for her to see me at this age would be disastrous . for her to see what i protect her from ... it is best not to dwell on what that would entail . i watch her for a moment , listening as her heart beats steadily . she is healthy , she is safe . it was my duty to keep her that way . it is a duanting task to love and protect a creature whose very nature drives her to hate you . but that is the lot of a guardian . newline newline newline time passes . i know not how long i wait and listen , my child s persistent heartbeat thrumming in my ears . time is a strange thing when the sun does not shine . i wait . then it is time . the anointed moment ticks by . the witching hour arrives as it always arrives . the world comes into sudden clarity , and my challengers for the night appear . newline newline newline  name thyself  i say , my voice a whisper , barely audible . newline newline  we are  comes the replies , spoken from grinning lips set into to lumpen faces , faces that try to peak past me to see my charge . newline newline  no games . name thyselves  i repeat , my voice no louder . newline newline  we are as we are , good guardian  they say in horrid unison . newline newline  your names , vile ones . name thyselves at once !  my voice is an acrid hiss . the creatures recoil , weary of what i might do . there was an etiquette to uphold , and they wondered if i might break it . they hoped , for it would mean my end . newline newline  i ,  began a creature like a shrivelled child , its eyes hollow and glassy ,  am waste . i am she who inflicts slow death upon the innocent . she who strikes ill the young for the crime of youth , which was denied me at the dawn .  newline newline newline  i ,  began a horrid hag , bloated and sagging hideously ,  am ruin . i am she who tempts children with vice , who brings rotten bloom and false ripeness to the youth . i am the mother of alcohol , the matron of heroin . i inflict addiction and sin upon the innocent , for i was not saved from my hedonism at the dawn .  newline newline newline  i ,  spoke a skeletal figure , a sickly grin of needles splitting its face from ear to ear ,  am irreverence . i am the font of sarcasm and cynicism . it is i who drains color and wonder from the world , i who brings depression and doubt , who drives the innocent to take their own lives in despair . i steal hope and blind the eye to the glory of creation . i rot the mind and dull morality . i wear the disguise of wisdom and progress . i do this , for at the dawn i was turned the wrong way , and saw not creation come to be .  newline newline newline  waste , ruin , irreverence . you come to corrupt my child . to rob her of innocence as punishment for that which was your fault , or else no one s fault . you spite her for she is pure where you are wretched . you would destroy her for the crime of being . i will not let this be .  newline newline newline i bore my fangs , a flash of silver rage filled the room . i loosed my claws and dug them into the floor , ready to pounce , daring the horrors to make their first move . my child was dreaming mere feet from me . i glanced back at her , her innocence written upon her angelic face . it was anathema to me for even the idea of her corruption to exist . newline newline newline one night i may succumb . one night my will may prove weak , my body may prove old , my claws may prove dull . but not this night . this night no horror shall tough my child . the coven of corruption steps forward , teeth nashing , claws flashing . i growl low in my throat , and pounce . the battle begins . my child slumbers mere steps from the brawl , at peace with the world , sheltered from the cancer i hold back . newline newline newline come morning , the horrors are gone . the sun shines through the window and falls upon that peaceful face . she wakes , and jumps from her bed , bounding out to greet her mother and father . i lay beneath the bed , nursing my wounds , resting , conserving strength . i will have another trial tonight . i must be ready . i must protect .my shoulder hurts from the seatbelt . daddy is slumped over the steering wheel . i shout , but he does nt answer . amy wriggles in her car seat . newline newline  did daddy crash the car ?  she asks . newline newline  be quiet ,  i tell her .  i m older , so you got ta listen.  newline newline  is there a fire ?  she asks with a cough . newline newline i crane my neck to look outside , but the smoke is so thick i can  t see anything . i try the door but i already know it won  t open cause of the childlocks . newline newline i fumble with my seat belt . daddy always unclicks it for me cause i can never work it out . i ignore amy , who  s started crying and continue to fumble with the seat belt . newline newline it clicks . and i tumble forward into the back of daddy  s seat . he groans but does nt wake up . newline newline i clamber into the front seat and shake him . i think he  s hurt bad . his head rises for a moment and then thumps onto the steering wheel . amy has stopped crying . newline newline the smoke  s getting worse , so i know the fire has to be close . newline newline i have to save daddy . and even amy . newline newline i climb over to the window press my mouth up to the tiny gap which is open , pushing the hosepipe to the side . newline newline i feel daddy  s hand on my back . when i turn , he gently pulls me towards him into a deep warm hug . he  s okay . i feel safe again . newline newline i hear a click as he locks all the doors . newlinei ve seen her in my dreams , smiling . always smiling , no one smiles anymore but she s always smiling just like she always was .  come home ,  she says ,  come home  and it s more appealing every time . newline newline three months ago the war started  three months ago the war ended . a bomb tossed from some nation towards another , it did nt matter by whom , nor towards what . a bomb was tossed and so was another and so was another and so was another and so was a world lost . i was stationed at a military base somewhere a few miles from her and yet a few miles proved a bigger barrier than a few thousand could ever be . her town was fried alongside her while i clawed at the door of a steel bunker while friends and acquaintances tried to hold me back . newline newline  you ca nt help her now !  they cried ,  you re going to get yourself killed too , is that what you want ?  newline newline it was what i wanted . newline newline we walk now . towards somewhere perhaps , certainly away from somewhere . we walk away from the source of my memories and yet they grow stronger every step .  come home  rings through my head in and out of sleep now . newline newline  wake up , soldiers ,  commanded a man who had once been an officer , but who now only called himself one ,  back on your feet .  newline newline and so we walk .  faster  he commands , or something along those lines . why does he rush , i wonder , we ve got all the time in the world . newline newline  faster  he yells , more aggressively this time . newline newline  why ? !  asks a friend , probably . newline newline  excuse me ?  he asks , spitting in the friend s face . newline newline  why ?  he asks , louder ,  where the fuck are we going ? are you late to a meeting you have nt told us about ? got a date ?  newline newline the officer glances into the distance ,  we re heading towards the east coast . there s a battle out there somewhere and i ll be damned if i m not in the front lines .  newline newline the friend looks at the officer with disgust ,  there are no battles , you crazy fuck ,  he slants his eyes and takes a healthy gulp out of his canteen ,  there is no war , there s nothing left .  the friend glances towards the ruins of what was once a major urban area . newline newline i look too , and , if only for a moment , i see her eyes plastered onto a scarred billboard right next to the words  home .  newline newline the officer looks at the friend ,  do you know what we fight for  he starts , his last word meeting the noise of a bullet leaving the chamber of a gun . my gun . newline newline my friend looks at me with knowing eyes . not one who once fought for this man under their own free will fights for him now . and he fades like the rest of the world . newline newline  where to ?  my friend asks . newline newline  home ,  i say . newline newline i look at the chamber of my pistol and i swear i see her eyes . her voice cries  come home  alongside the sound of a bullet leaving its home . newline  newline edit : a few words newline newline i d appreciate any and all feedback on this story or my writing in general .there were supposed to be seven . seven wonders of space , and i made it my personal goal to find all seven . newline newline now , you may be wondering how we knew there were supposed to be seven of them . simple , we looked to where the ancients told us . the pyramids of giza showed us three , stonehenge , one , the washington monument , one , and the great wall of china told us two . these ancient people managed to figure out exactly where the seven wonders were , and gave us directions to find them . newline newline the first pyramid of giza sent me on my way to a distant galaxy . orbiting around star alpha38blue was the most incredible planet i had ever seen . defying known physics , it had shaped itself into roughly a prism . made from of perfect glass , it was entirely translucent . when the star s light would hit it , the sight behind it would be altered behind it , and the colors of the rainbow would envelop all of the sights on the other side . truly incredible . newline newline the second pyramid led me to the next wonder , which was a slight letdown in comparison , but still magnificent . it was nothing . at least , nothing until you turned on your interstellar transmitter . what the second wonder was , was a position in space , equidistant from each of the seven nearest stars , which created a pulsing sensation , too faint for my body to feel , but my transmitter picked up . bubump . bubump . bubump . a heartbeat . the heartbeat of the universe . when i finally heard it , shivers trickled down my spine . it was eerie . much to humanlike . newline newline the third pyramid took me much closer to earth . a measly seventeen lightyears away . this one was fantastic . looking out the window of my ship , i saw a star , playfully nicknamed  big baby .  the star was in a perpetual state of launching solar winds away from itself , perfect for solar wind sailing . this in itself is nt a wonder . what is , in fact , the reason for the wonder , is that the size of the star was no bigger than 20 miles in diameter . by all known laws of physics , it should nt exist . this fact allowed the greatest of solar surfers to complete entire orbits in less than thirty minutes . i was no expert , but competent , and i was able to surf if in under an hour , earth time . newline newline the fourth , fifth , and sixth wonders were all incredible in their own right . a black hole so small you could place a finger across the event horizon  if you did nt mind losing it  . a planet so close to its star , that all of it s natural gas were in a perpetual state of exploding making it look like the 4th of july , whirled peas day . i never knew why we celebrated peas , they taste like cow dung . the sixth wonder was a diamond . just an ordinary diamond . approximately 200 miles in diameter , even my ex girlfriend would nt have been able to say no me . newline newline i found all six of these wonders , and wonders they truly were . the pyramids , stonehenge , and the wall had led me to find the most incredible things in existence , but the seventh and final one succeeded in eluding me . for years i flew all across the universe searching for the final wonder . my strength grew frail , and my beard grew long . my hair turned white , and then fell out . it had been over sixty years since i had set out on my journey . all my friends and family had certainly passed on , yet i had to continue searching . newline newline but it was lonely out there . in all of my travels , i never came across a single sentient being with whom to hold a conversation with . i never came across a planet with any life , not even a single celled organism . so , i grew lonely . i grew tired . with a heavy heart , i sent my ordinates towards earth . newline newline i arrived to a hero s welcome . my exploits have been well documented , with the entire world delighting in my discoveries along with me . there were some who deemed my mission a failure because i failed in locating the seventh wonder . those were few and far between , but the sentiment was one in which i shared . newline newline after the weeks of festivities ended , i made my way to the one monument which failed to lead me to the wonder . it stood before me gesturing up to the heavens directly above . what are you point at ?  i wondered . you point straight up , but there was nothing there .  i stood before it until a sudden dawning came upon me . the washington monument was nt gesturing to the heavens . no . in fact , it was pointing straight down .i do nt remember almost anything before the crash . or even the crash itself for the most part . but my memory from the moments i woke up in the sand is crystal clear . the sun was what woke me . well , really i guess it was the blistering the sun was causing . i did my best to get under cover , but there was not a ton of cover around to be had , so i made the best of what i could in the shade provided by the wreckage . after the pain had passed and my wits started to return to me , i began to look at the landscape and try to figure out where i was . very obviously a planet . at that point , my knowledge was extremely lacking , and so all i knew was that it was a planet . one with sand , and air . in the distance i can see some bumps on the horizon , but from where i was , all i could tell was that there were bumps , and nothing as to what the bumps could be . as the sun sank below the horizon i searched though the wreckage for anything i thought could be useful to surviving . without knowing why , i expected no chance of rescue . i was on my own . finding little , i picked up my few supplies and started walking toward the bumps . the sun was peeking up when i reached what i could now tell were enormous stone structures , carved intricately and of giant proportions . the buildings all seemed to be shrouded in a bad feeling . or at least a dark feeling if not a bad feeling . hurrying , i approached the closest of the temple like structures and looked for some sort of entryway . eventually i gave up and made the best shelter i could for the day in the shadow of the overhang on the front of the building . i was woken when the sun was highest in the sky , and not by time or anything pleasant . at first i thought it was a wild form of a dog , or a big lizard . lizard ? how could a big lizard get confused for a dog ? my brain was nt quite awake at this point , and so i hesitated . it almost cost me my life . the animal became suddenly aggressive , attempting to claw at me and gnashing what i assumed were teeth . stumbling back from the horror that had woken me , i searched frantically for a weapon . finding nothing i could use , i continued to retreat from the ever more viscous monster coming after me . as it trapped me in a corner and advanced on me with a predatory and hungry manner , i threw my hands out at it to protect myself in a last feeble attempt . i expected it to tear through my arms and be ripping into my chest , but instead i heard it whimper as it was thrown against the far wall almost fifty meters away from me . i opened my eye to find it beginning to stand and as it looked once more at me it gave a sharp bark like sound before scampering away . what had happened ? i looked around to see if i had an unknown savoir , but found no one . after a fruitless search i returned to my shelter and tried to sleep again , but found no solace in dreams , seeing only horrifying lizard dogs and flying beast of rage . newline newline when i awoke i decided to look at some of the other buildings to see if i could find an entryway of something of use . upon reaching the second building in the area i began to feel the pangs of hunger that adrenaline and fatigue had previously held at bay . i suddenly realized how dire my situation was and renewed my search efforts with vigor . the third building i decided to search held the reward for my efforts , a small doorway set into the very large doorway that occupied the front of the building , and my luck held , as the small doorway was ever so slightly ajar . i rushed into the doorway , thinking that i had found my salvation . as i entered i found not my salvation , but another of the wretched reptilian dogs , snarling at me as i entered its domain . the frustration and anger and fear of the past two days were pent up and waiting , and so when the dog lizard bared its fangs and growled at me , i let loose my rage and screamed , knowing i would not be saved by another of the miracles that had saved me from the previous beast . and that scream was enough to take the hound and tear it to shreds , as the waves of fury poured out of my mouth and into the air , turning a snarling beast into a pile of meat . newline newline at that point that was my first thought , meat . i could eat this , if i could cook it somehow . eventually i managed to cook it using a refraction lens i had salvaged , and upon taking the first bite immediately wretched , it tasted rotten . i tired again , this time managing to stomach it , barely . after a few more bites it was palatable . it did nt take much to fill me up . it was very filling . after eating my fill i did my best to preserve some and then moved further into the structure . there were no lights visible , but it was not too dark to see . it felt like the building was telling me both not to move forward and that there was nothing more important than it . as i got deeper into building it felt that it must be bigger than i had seen from the outsider , or that it was drawing me underground . there was something else too , an energy in the air around me , growing ... stronger thicker ? it seemed that i would breathe it in , but not out . like whatever it was , was sticking inside of me . the energy was making me feel stronger , restoring my lost strength . i did nt seem to know where i was going , but there was direction in my walk , a destination in my path . something was drawing me toward it . drawing me in . newline newline as i pass through a door into a room with what looks like a sarcophagus in the center i glimpsed a name on the wall , like a location . korriban ...all my life , grown ups have told me i will know it when i find my true love . i always begged to know what it was like for them . even now , as an adult , it s still a favorite conversation opener for me when i meet happily married folks . newline newline it was nt like i was interested in romance and marriage . i have just always been fascinated by the variety of ways in which people get their true love confirmation . newline newline the most common scenario is to receive a letter from the president or being visited by a favorite celebrity . the messages in a bottle seemed popular for a while too . everyday on my drive to work i idly wonder if mine would also be nothing but green lights as long as my partner is with me . newline newline maybe something more grand . like that one guy whose ring rolled out of the box and landed on a winning lottery ticket . my mom and dad s proposal featured an angel s visit . it s rather hard to top that , i think . marriage with certainty has been one of the best things to have happened to humanity since the event . it s hard for our generation to imagine what life must have been like during the dark ages . how could one make a leap of faith with someone who , statistically speaking , must surely be wrong for us ? who could invest decades of devotion without knowing if the relationship was doomed to begin with ? newline newline there are sad stories too , of course , and i am morbidly fascinated by those as well : a flock of birds that kaw  no   a lover falling over dead  a shark attack on land  a meteorite strike . and of course , the dreaded silence . newline newline even with those in mind , by far the saddest ones are when only one of the two gets a confirmation . it must surely be one of the greatest tragedies known to man , to know with certainty that one s true love is destined for another . newline newline what would it mean for jane and i if that happened to us ? would i pine stoically for her , for the rest of my life ? would i selflessly encourage her to leave me , or pathetically beg her to try anyway even knowing full well it will be doomed ? i would never hurt her like some , of course  anyway that s why there s police and emergency services during proposals now . newline newline speaking of which , i better get on with it . i can tell jane ca nt take much more anticipation , and neither can the fire police and ambulance folks . newline newline i take a deep breath , close my eyes , and blurt out iloveyoujanewillyoumarryme . newline newline nothing . newline newline my heart stops , and i can feel blood drain out of my face . i am going to faint . my lungs feel like they would burst until my brain forced me to breathe again . newline newline when i finally opened my eyes , i noticed three things simultaneously : jane s tears rolling down her perfect face , neon coloured letters floating in the centre of my field of vision , which say  player 2 has joined  , and the same font but smaller in the lower left corner which says  14  found  . newline newline newline newlinesam blinked and rubbed the sleep out of his eyes when his wife woke him up at sunrise . she did nt need to sleep since she was a last generation robot . he ordered her with the looks of marilyn monroe , and she did look exactly like the long lost diva , but sam found her kind of cold . newline newline in the sterile kitchen , over the breakfast table , as he drank his coffee with milk and sugar and ate his toast with honey and cinnamon , and his wife stood across from him watching with a smile , he noticed something terrible . emma lawrence s obituary . as far as he knew , emma was the only human left alive in the whole world , apart from him . after the robot riots , when earth s population was still counting millions , humanity finally found a cure for death . the price was reproduction , but everyone thought it was a small price to pay for paradise . but people were still killable  slowly , murders , bursts of uncontrollable diseases , accidents , all these killed all humans , one by one , until two were left . newline newline sam knew emma well . together , they were the only people left alive . he stared at the screen for a long time . newline newline  darling ? what s wrong ?  newline newline  emma died .  newline newline  oh , i m sorry . what happened ?  newline newline she sounded genuinely bothered by the news . after humanity started to die off , the robots kept improving themselves , until they resembled humans in everything , on the surface . if he did nt knew better , he could have sworn she was a beautiful young woman , upset by sad news . newline newline that night he had a peculiar dream . newline newline he dreamed of a desert made of stone . the hot sun was hurting his eyes , but when he lifted his arm to shadow them , he noticed a forest in the distance . his bare feet hurt and he was scared by the scorpions he saw moving in the stone cracks . he walked a long way , but finally reached it and collapsed in the grass under the trees . newline newline he had nt seen a forest , or a desert since his youth , before earth became completely populated . newline newline  hi sam .  newline newline  emma ?  newline newline she was just outside the shadows thrown by the trees , as if she walked just a few steps behind him . he could nt distinguish her features clearly because the light was blinding him , so he called to her . newline newline  what are you doing there ? why do nt you come here ?  newline newline but she did nt move . newline newline  emma ?  newline newline  i m not emma , sam .  newline newline  then who are you ?  newline newline  ca nt you tell ?  newline newline  would i ask if i could ?  newline newline  maybe .  newline newline  no , i would nt .  newline newline  i m death , sam . and do you know why i m here ?  newline newline  why do you look like emma ?  newline newline  i m here because i want to retire , sam ,  she replied ignoring his question .  and you know why i ca nt ?  newline newline  because of me ?  newline newline  i thought you do nt ask questions if you already know the answer . i m tired . you re the last living thing in the universe . with your death , i will also cease to exist .  newline newline  but i do nt want to die .  newline newline  i ve existed for so long , sam . it s time for death to die too .  newline newline  but ...  newline newline  please !  newline newline sam woke up drenched in sweat . he had nt had a nightmare in hundreds of years , since pills for pleasant dreams were designed . he snapped his fingers and light flooded the bedroom . marilyn was nt in the bed next to him , but he found her on their rooftop garden , watching the buzzing robot city in the distance . her familiar profile comforted him . newline newline a dream , he told himself . yes , just a dream . but it was a dream he had nightly for the next seven hundred years , until he finally became more machine than human and stopped dreaming altogether . newline newline newline    newline newline 089chapter 1 newline newline  mr . gray . i know that i  m a young and impressionable mary sue and nothing that i  ve done so far has warranted your interest in me , but i know that you love me.  newline newline  yes . yes i do.  mr. gray stood in a window . of his really tall building . that he owned . because he was rich . he looked out the window . it was a very tall and awesome window that miss protag knew cost very many dollars . newline newline  so . now that we are clear on the  loving thing  , let us go to the bedroom . for the bedroom fun.  newline newline  most excellent . but i want you to know that i have a certain kink . it means a weird thing that i like to do , kink does . that  s what kink means.  newline newline marysue already knew this because she was friends with a publisher or reporter or some nonsense , but they went to the bedroom anyway . newline newline there was a secret wall , and behind that wall was mr. gray  s kink . the thing he was into . she saw it , and gasped . like , putting her hands up over her mouth kind of gasp . newline newline chapter 2 newline newline it was rollercoasters . newline newline cue awesome popular jam music newline paul blart : mall cop 3 is going to win me an oscar , through whatever means possible .  i had said to myself earlier in my hotel room . newline newline now here i am , standing tall and proud at the podium , facing a crowd of familiar faces . peers of my profession . newline newline i can hear the sound of my own heart beating , pumping vigorously as if it were about to burst out of my chest . newline this is really happening , two decades of slaving my life away and this is all it took ? newline newline after all i ve been through , they must be proud that i was finally able to achieve what was rightfully mine . they just had to ! newline newline i scan the hall searching for their approval , but all i found were looks of horror and disgust , as if my success were alien to them . i chuckle to myself , no matter . this was my moment and no amount of insolence would hold me away from my happiness . newline newline as i prepared to speak from my quivering lips , everyone suddenly hurried to get up from their seats , falling over one another in an attempt to leave . through the aisles i spot several men in uniform making their way to the stage ... i do nt understand . newline newline instinctively , i clutch my prize tighter toward my chest and in my mind i reassure myself that nobody was going to take this away from me . nobody . newline newline they re closing in on me now . i try to back away in order to escape , only to find myself cornered and pressed up against the fifteen foot replica of my award . i can feel their weight on me now , pinning my arms to the floor , i decide that it s not worth resisting . newline newline instead , i crane my neck to look toward the podium where i was just moments before and spot beside it the lifeless body of the false winner , mathew mcconaughey . the man i strangled for all to see . the man who did not deserve to win this award . newline newline  paul blart : mall cop 3 is going to win me an oscar , through whatever means possible .  i repeated to myself . newline newline newline edit   this is my first time writing here , i figured it d be good practice for me since i do nt do it very often ! feedback would be great , but i hope you enjoyed it ! newline newline newlinei stood on the edge , looking down at the bustling city beneath me . just one more step , one more to end all this . suddenly , someone tapped me on the shoulder , i looked behind me . it was a man , he was wearing a black suit with slicked back hair . he said in a calm , monotone voice : what are you doing mate ? trying to jump ? what s wrong ? newline newline  i ca nt take it anymore , i lost everything  i replied newline newline  well , do nt do that just yet  he sighed  besides , we have much to do  newline newline  what if i tell you that i can help you get everything back , but of course for a price  newline newline  who are you ?  i mumbled newline newline  they call me lucifer , but just call me lucian he was killing time in front of his computer . staring blankly at the overlybright default theme for reddit . the television was loud in the background , completely ignored . he thought ponderously as his fingers fell on the keyboard . he wanted to write . the prompt had caught his attention long ago , and the cursor blinked waiting on more input as he stroked his goatee . newline newline it was nt so much a writing prompt ,  he thought to himself , but probably closer to constrained writing .  but he was new to this sub forum , so he was nt really certain . he paused again , and sat thinking about which one of the maxims he would violate . he reread the stipulations . newline newline he stared at the unlit fireplace for a moment , and smirked . that s pretty irrelevant , he thought . he had a moment of selfdoubt and panicked . is it really irrelevant then ? if it has a purpose in the story , and it s obvious ? so he decided to leave the bit about the fireplace out of his post . newline newline this is getting a little strange , i should probably switch to a sock puppet account , he thought to himself as he read what he had already written . besides , he added , my other account could use some comment karma . he copied the text , opened up another browser , and found the post and pasted it . perhaps he should use res . newline newline when he reloaded the post , he noticed someone else had finally posted their own take on the writing prompt . maybe i should just trash this all , he thought , the only reason i felt compelled to submit anything was because i thought this post needed some love . newline newline he noticed the post had had 15 upvotes , but noone had commented or added a story . he did nt really like the prompt , but he just wanted to write something , so he figured why not . but now that someone else had posted , he closed his browser , got up and drank some ice cold rc cola .nightrun . newline newline daarbuk slids his feet cautiously over the crumbling edge of the rock formation , inching carefully towards the salient , his breath labored under the pressure of the stillsuit and his lungs biting from the cold and dry night air . newline newline grabbing onto the cutting edge of the rock to steady himself , trying desperately to avoid tumbling more loose gravel onto the sands bellow , he allows himself a moment of respite and finds himself lost in the images and recollections of the days , and nights before . newline newline it had only been two day before , two days in one of the palace s mess halls , eating and goofing around . newline newline yes , they were under the ongoing threat of war , and there had been some casualties recently in their battalion . but this was a soldier s work , a soldier s life . and if a soldier allows himself to get too gone into the despairs of battle and field , he ll lose more than his own self , he ll end dead and food for the monsters , without anybody ever crying for him , or missing his existence back home . newline newline it had been there amid the noise and laughter , that a a large dark figure loomed over the table where daarbuk s squad sat enjoying the meal . newline newline as he noticed the sound dying completely , not only amongst his squad companions but thorough the whole mess hall , daarbuk slowly turned around and up to peer into the lifeless mask looming over them . newline newline sardaukar . what was a fucking sardaukar doing in the palace . newline newline daarbuk peers tentatively around the salient , the roughed out but still functional mask of his stillsuit doing nothing to ease the bit of the air on his throat , or the faint rustle of the night wind against the rocks . he strains to steady himself enough to make sense of the far lights over the sands , to finally make out a couple of small buildings , a carrier , and a harvester . newline newline all this for a few buildings , a carrier , and a harvester ? something must be wrong , he thought , he was nt given details of the mission , not enough to assess why he was there ... newline newline he was nt given details about the mission two days earlier . when his squad was marched silently and ceremoniously into a large , cold , undecorated , almost bare and unwelcoming room , where they found themselves facing the baron s mentat . newline newline yes the mentat talked on to them about the importance to the house of their special , secret mission , he talked about surgical strikes and refined tactics , and again , and again about the importance of success . newline newline but he had nt shared any information on their target  other than it was utmost important that it was destroyed completely  , and certainly they had not been told about the lot of them , a squad of light infantry , being dumped almost within sight of a couple quads and siege tanks . newline newline the mentant , that abomination , had not mentioned the fremen either . and though you could always expect some fremen during a dessert raid , you would nt normally dream of finding them in the numbers , and the organization that they had found , and much less never had anybody mentioned the devil weapons that ended with almost all of the squad except for daarbuk , ford and daneel , who all had been in different edges of the formations trying to scout for raiders  not that it was ever much help with the fremen  , and whom all somehow excaped being noticed . newline newline not that it had helped ford much , only next day , who now lay down desiccating in the sand , his water supply gone and his still suit too damaged during the escape . something neither daarbuk or daneel could do anything about without sacrificing themselves . newline newline which did nt help daneel much either as the monster shot from under the sand , shredding him to pieces as he fell into the endless belly before daarbuk could move a muscle . newline newline so it was that here , two days after it all began , daarbuk found himself grabbing onto the salient for dire life , and contemplating down on the buildings , the harvester and the transport with a deep seated hatred . a hatred not for the opposing house who he was paid to fight but not to loathe  a soldier is a workman , not an idealist  , but hatred for that pale , inhuman , limbering mentat , that sack of organs somehow treated as a live being . newline newline checking his supplies . daarbuk decides to risk ending the mission alone . he has enough explosive , and firepower as to be able to take down one of the buildings , both vehicles , and if the guard was low , probably everybody on site , specially if he took cover in the night , where he could use a little stealth and try to hit before he was noticed . newline newline it was so , that he found himself at the site , crawling quietly around one side of the largest building , trying to slide along its edge slowly , softly , towards the carrier , and as he cautiously round the corner on the construction ... .. newline newline  unit has been swallowed by windtrap .  newline newline  house harkonnen loses the battle .  newline newline  retry   quit  . newline newline newline   inspired by many hours of frustration with dune ii   i wanted to be a fucking male . you re the bitch .  newline newline stephanie replied in angst . newline newline  your name . is . fucking . juliet . what happened to lesbian power couple ?  newline newline  that ended when i finished my cock operation . now i have balls , steph . i m not fucking bottom bitch again . hell , i m not even the bitch anymore .  newline newline aghast at this rampant disregard for authority , stephanie felt the presence of physical threat lingering . newline newline  ... okay , uh , julian . you can be a dude now .  newline newline  i am a dude . i was always a dude . you can now suck on my fucking dude .  newline newline  bullshit . i m a bloody lesbian . suck your own dick .  newline newline julian raised his fists . howling like a steroid junkie , he clobbered the poor girl in an instant , forcing her to the ground . the jingling of an unbuckled belt unnerved stephanie . it wounded her . newline newline  babe , babe ! i m on my fucking period . calm your fucking tits .  newline newline clearly inflamed further by this , julian halted his undress . newline newline  i m a male , steph . i ai nt got no tits .  newline newline  anybody can lactate , julian . it s human physique .  newline newline  well , shit .  newline newline the undone zip flew back up . in such haste , julian got his balls stuck in the process . due to the lack of sensory nerves he easily tore through the pink flesh , erupting an animalistic howl as the fake crown jewels lay tattered on the soil . newline newline  well , you re the bottom bitch again , dear . juliet , we re going to fucking scissor this time . stop with the bullshit .  newline the first thing he noticed about her were her eyes . brown , liquid , not so much as a glint of diluting colors.  newline newline harrison looked at the woman opposite him in the reading area .  are you talking to me ?  newline newline she looked up . she appeared to have brown eyes .  no.  she looked back at her magazine . newline newline  she found her eyes drawn to the muscular form of the man before him , the quiet sense of tremendous strength waiting for an outlet . or a challenge.  newline newline she looked up again .  sorry , where did they get that from ?  newline newline harrison rolled his shoulders uncomfortably , not to say provocatively .  no idea.  newline newline  oh , this is perfect ,  continued the voice that only they could hear .  he  s instantly drawn to her quiet femininity.  newline newline  okay , can that stereotype just die in a fire ?  said ling , scowling . newline newline  and she feels a primal attraction to a man who  s lived dangerously . they  re perfect for each other . they just don  t know it yet.  newline newline  this is a reality show , isn  t it ,  groaned harrison .  i give up ! concede the game ! get me outta here !  newline newline  despite their initial misgivings ,  continued the voice ,  they soon found unexpected areas of commonality . their warring cultures were more invitation than obstacle.  newline newline ling set aside her magazine .  what does that even  newline newline  oh , my god , they  re going to pork by a waterfall in a national park in the moonlight.  newline newline ling reddened .  did they just ?  newline newline harrison covered his face in both hands . newline newline  nono , better ! his car breaks down in the pouring rain and they  re stuck for hours ! porking , naturally.  newline newline  does this guy have a single idea ,  said ling ,  that wasn  t cribbed from a romantic comedy ?  newline newline harrison shot her a look of dread .  that was in a romantic comedy ?  he said with the air of a man who didn  t really want to know the answer . newline newline she shrugged .  hell if i know.  newline newline  overcome by passion in a closet at a concert !  newline newline  is that even legal ?  said ling . newline newline  never going to find out ,  said harrison . newline newline  i mean , ew.  newline newline  they may have started off on the wrong foot ,  said the voice , now definitively delivering the weight of someone determined to redirect the current ,  but she just can  t say no to those chiselled lips , nor he to her delicate grace.  newline newline  stereotype ,  said ling . newline newline  i dunno ,  said harrison ,  you  re a little graceful.  newline newline  stop encouraging them !  newline newline  right . sorry.  newline newline  maybe it all started with a cup of coffee  newline newline  we  re in a library ,  said harrison . newline newline  a . cup . of coffee . cuppa coffee . am i writing this or not ?  newline newline  not ,  said ling and harrison . newline newline  if you would stop playing hard to get for two minutes !  newline newline  shhhh ,  a librarian said loudly , glaring at the offenders she could see .  quiet in the library , especially about porking .   newline newline  wait , you could hear that ?  said ling . newline newline the other three people in the reading room nodded . newline newline  oh , my god . leaving . now.  newline newline harrison tossed aside his magazine .  good . different doors.  newline newline  right.  newline newline she kept in rapid step with him down the stairs .  i don  t even like muscle.  newline newline he rolled his shoulders again .  i don  t even like brown eyes.  newline newline  right . bullet dodged.  newline newline  so that wasn  t fun . here  s hoping we never see each other again.  newline newline  amen.  newline newline and the voice , when it returned , was speaking only to a scowling librarian . newlineyou . newline newline you were the one who gave her everything . gifts , money , your love ... you gave her everything . so why did it feel so bad ? newline newline you . newline newline you were nt handsome , nor were you ugly . what could you say , you were yourself . your parents had always told you to try your best , to apply yourself and you would succeed . so why did nt you ? newline newline you . newline newline you cried when she had left . citing all the scrapbook moments you had shared . yet she had ripped that book apart , somberly smiling as she said it was over . newline newline you . newline newline you could hear his car outside , a brand new model . some ferrari or porsche probably . she stood at threshold and turned around tears running down her sobbing face . her new boyfriend stood behind her hand on her shoulder . pretending to offer support . newline newline  dad , someone will come to help you soon okay ?  newline newline you . newline newline you sobbed and heaved . she was leaving you . you . the one who had done so much for her , you d given her everything . even your legs . she had nt been paying attention at her high school when you had went to pick her up . as you got out to call her over you saw the car approaching . newline newline you . newline newline you sprang into action sprinting towards the friend she was shouting at as you screamed at them to move . to lost in their fight they did nt hear . so you had body checked them hard . they had just cleared the road you heard a screech and car horn . faintly you also heard one last thing , hardly more than a whisper . all the pain in the world was held in it as your daughter whimpered . newline newline  dad , no . why did you ...  newline newline you . newline newline it was the last word you ever heard clearly . the doctors had said that dementia had set in that you were nt in your right mind but you knew that was a lie . newline newline you . newline newline  dad , we ll be back again next monday okay ? just like we always are . remember , i love you .  newline newline you . newline newline the word bounced and echoed in your head as you slowly drifted away . when you woke up again you looked at the clock and sighed . today was a school day , you had to go pick up your daughter . even if it was embarrassing for her when she was picked up by you .the phone rang in the middle of the night , the light of the screen breaking the blackness . fumbling from under my covers , i reached down and stabbed a hand towards the shrill noise . newline newline  hnh ... ?  newline newline  morrie , yyou got ta wake up ! this is it , this is our chance ! we got ta get the upvotes , morrie !  newline newline it took a few seconds for my sleepaddled brain to process the imperative , and a few more to try and translate it into something comprehensible . newline newline  did ... did you call me at three in the morning so i could look at a stupid forum post , grant ?  newline newline  no , morrie , you idiot , you re wasting time ! i do nt want you to look at a forum post , imi m telling you we are a forum post !  newline newline  ... you need help , grant .  newline newline moving the frenzied shouting from my ear , i poked the red disconnect button and set the phone aside . lately , grant had been on a weird kick , talking about the world beyond  , and the writer  . at first , i thought it was harmless , but it was getting more and more annoying  grant was disappearing into his garage for days at a time , coming out disheveled and muttering . if he did nt work from home already , his boss would have fired him  and i was nt entirely sure that his job was nt in danger anyway . now frantic , crazy calls in the middle of the night ? first thing tomorrow , i was gon na go over there , and see that he got some real help ... but tomorrow . for now , sleep ... newline newline bam bam bam newline newline  morrie ! morrie , let me in ! you g got ta let me in , morrie !  newline newline i jerked out of the light sleep i d managed to fall back into , the pounding on the door not stopping for a second . grabbing my glasses , i stumbled down to the door in my tshirt and boxers . opening it just a crack , i was pushed back by grant , tousled black hair and long lanky arms managing to shove past me into the hall . newline newline  oh thank the writer , morrie , that evil bitch ! you and me , we got ta  we got ta get going ! there s no time to lose , we have to get the upvotes if we wwant to live , morrie !  newline newline  have you lost your mind , grant ? it s the middle of the damn night , and you re screaming at me about upvotes ? !  newline newline grant reached over and grabbed me , shaking me violently . newline newline  ddo nt you get it , morrie ? none of this is real ! we re characters , we re just words on a page ! aand this , this is ouuuur only chance to exist !  newline newline i pushed grant back , stumbling away from him as he stared at me with wide , manic eyes . newline newline  look around you , morrie ! look at the level of detail of your house ! what s over there in the corner ? where are all the litlittle decorations and imperfections ? where are the thousands of tiny little things that are always there when you look even though you never really notice them ?  newline newline groaning , i looked around the hallway , trying to figure out what he was on about . the level of detail of the house ? it was a standard twostory house , drywall everywhere over carpeted floors . there was nt anything unusual about it . and in the corner ? newline newline  that s daisy , grant . that s the cat ? you know , the cat you ve seen a thousand times ? and what the hell are you talking about , the thousands of tiny little things  newline newline i got cut off as grant reached out to grab my head , holding it firmly in place so i could nt turn it . newline newline  tell me what color tell me the color the cat is , morrie ! do nt look at it , just tell me ! do nt give the writer time to think of a description for the cat , or a bunch of  a ton of details and backstory !  newline newline  are you on drugs ? ! let go of me , grant !  i tried to twist my head out of his grasp , thinking of daisy and the first day i d adopted her newline newline smack newline newline grant hauled off and smacked me across the face .  i said do nt give the writer time to think up  to flesh out the cat , morrie ! tell me what color your precious cat is right now ! you ca nt , can you ? !  newline newline  of course i can , you lunatic ! its  i hesitated . it only took a split second to remember the cat was newline newline smack newline newline  stop thinking , you idiot , you re playing right into her hands ! just say the color ! say the color of the cat , morrie !  newline newline  i do nt know !  newline newline i froze as grant let go of my head . i did nt know . how could i not know what color my cat was ? i d had her for how long had i had the cat for ? newline newline  you see , you do nt know , do you ? you ca nt remember a thing about the cat , can you , morrie ? because up until a few seconds ago , you did nt even have a cat !  newline newline shaken , i turned to look down at the cat , who now looked back up at me , green eyes staring curiously out from short black fur . looking at her now , it seemed obvious , and i felt a swell of shame at having doubted the poor cat s existence . but even with that shame , i could nt stop looking at the cat  like she would stop existing if i turned my head away again , even for a second . newline newline  youyou can stop looking at her , morrie , she s real for now . hell , she s probably safer than we are . the author obviously likes cats , or you would have a dog , or a lizard , or a fish tank or something . that s good , that s good , it means she she wants to humanize you , she wants to give you a chance . not like me , not like craaaaazy grant , morrie . no , yyou get to be the straight man , morrie , while i have to be the lunatic who breaks into your house and smacks you around to show you the truth ! or does nt show you , since that s the best way to spot the shoddy workmanship of this entire thing .  newline newline my head was spinning , and i was starting to think it was nt just from being smacked .  sshoddy workmanship , grant ? what do you mean ?  newline newline  i mean , she slacks off on the details , morrie ! she gave you a cat , but she did nt want to describe it ! she gave you a house , but it it s a really basic house ! i mean , it s got drywall , it s got carpet , but where s the shoe rack ? where s the kitchen ? is the kitchen clean , does , does it have mold growing on dishes ? do you have a garage ? is there a car in the garage ? what kind of car is it , morrie ? she is nt flesh fleshing out the small details that make it more than just a vague setttttting !  newline newline i looked around frantically , but it was too late  grant was right . the walls were solid enough , so was the carpet , but i suddenly realized i did nt know where the staircase was in relation to the door , or what car i drove , or if i drove a car at all . the only things that felt real were myself , grant , the carpet and walls  and daisy , who was now encircling my feet . newline newline  oh , my god ... grant , wwhat do we do ?  newline newline  we got ta get the upvotes , morrie ! ifif we can get enough of the upvotes , we can get her to keep writing about us ! i juuuuust need some more time ! if we can get her to write about us for long enough , ii can keep us around forever ! that s what i ve been working on in the garage ! we just have to get back there !  newline newline grant started to pull me towards the open door , and the uncertain , undefined world outside . trying not to hyperventilate , i stumbled forward , then stopped , and dashed back . newline newline  morrie , whaaaaaat what are you doing ? ! we re almost out of time , morrie !  newline newline  i got ta take the cat with us , grant ! she deserves to live , too !  newline newline  the cat will be fine , you moron ! the writer prob probably uses it all the time ! we re the ones who re gon na cease to exist if you do nt quit fucking around !  newline newline  you do nt know that , grant ! maybe she s only going to use the cat for this one post ! she s in it with us , now !  newline newline grabbing the cat quickly , i ran out the door , praying whatever grant had in his garage could save us ... you ready to go matt ?  asked justin , as he packed the rest of the van with cans of beer . newline newline  yeah !  i got in the passenger s seat , wearing nothing but beach shorts . we were going over at our friend jenny s house for a midnight pool party that they re throwing for me . last moments of being 24 , what better way to celebrate ? newline newline justin started the car , and put a cd of californication in the player . newline newline dun newline newline dun newline newline dun dun dun dun newline newline  ooooooooh !  we both sang . we did nt even have to wait for each other , we just knew it . californication has always been our favorite album . no wonder we re best buds . newline newline all around the world newline newline we could make time newline newline rompin  and astompin newline newline cause i m in my prime newline newline the music was on full blast  we did nt care if it woke up the whole block . we did nt care if we sang out of tune . we did nt care about anything ... newline newline ... no wonder none of us saw that red light . as we passed the intersection , a car came crashing to our side . newline newline i know , i know for sure newline newline that life is beautiful around the world ...  newline newline   newline newline when i woke up , i was submerged in water , breathing through some sort of machine . i tried to get out , but something hit my head . i reached out and felt glass . newline newline i realized i was inside a pod . newline newline  let me out ! let me out ! ! !  i screamed at the top of my lungs , banging on the glass dome , but i do nt think someone heard me . newline newline i tried looking past the glass , but ... it s all a blur . i can make out an image of several middleaged men in lab coats , but that s all i can see . newline newline one of them got closer to my capsule . i tried to focus my eyesight on him . he stood up beside me , pressing buttons on a control panel . as he was working on the controls , the water inside my pod slowly drained out . i started to see clearly through the glass . newline newline i recognize him . newline newline it s dad .  newline newline the glass cover slowly lifted away from the rest of the pod . i stared straight into my dad s face , bewildered . newline newline  last thing i remembered , justin and i were in a car accident .  newline newline  yes , i know ,  he replied . newline newline  dad ... am i ... dreaming ?  newline newline  no . but you were .  newline newline i stared at him , trying hard not to laugh .  you re joking , dad .  newline newline he looked at me , expressionless .  no , i m not . you were dreaming for 25 years . and now you re awake . happy birthday son .  newline newline  what ? what s going on ?  newline newline he sighed , looking at the other machines .  i knew the day would come where you ll have to know about the secret . i just did nt know how to tell you .  newline newline  tell me what ? what exactly is happening around here ? !  newline newline  you see this pod right here , and the others in the room ? that is where you were all born . in fact that s were you all grew up . from artificial insemination to autosustenance and beyond . all automated . heh . the only thing your mom and i had to do was give them an egg cell and some sperm . each person is required to stay inside the pod for 25 years , to ensure complete body development . that was how i was raised , that was how your grandpa was raised , that s how everyone was raised .  newline newline  but ... i remember . i have memories .  newline newline  ah yes . you see son , while you were in that pod , you were in a constant state of rem sleep . you were dreaming all the time . but the only reason that nothing goes awry in your dream  is that you were all interconnected into a main dream hub . kind of a virtual reality for everyone . we connect to the hub by attaching ourselves to a device that lets us freely interact with you in our dreams . that s why you re no stranger to me .  newline newline  so ... all this time i ...  newline newline in the distance , i heard a faint hint of melody ringing through the halls . newline newline deep inside of a parallel universe newline newline it s getting harder and harder newline newline to tell what came first newline newline under water where thoughts can breathe easily newline newline far away you were made in a sea newline newline just like me ...  newline newline  sorry if it s a bit rough , i did nt write for quite some time . also it s 1 am here and me brain not feel righty newlinethe door swung open right after she knocked . she took a step in and looked around the place , glancing at me only out the corner of her eye . she gave out a whistle .  nice digs you ve got here .  newline newline she was young , probably no more than 16 . she was dressed in a more modern pair of jeans and a short tshirt . a more rachel look , not at all like laura . she wore her auburn hair in a long braid and sported a necklace that went down to her exposed midriff . newline newline despite my uncomfortableness , i tried not to react . i knew something was different when a second chair appeared this morning . i had prepared two meals all day , just in case something like this happened . the second breakfast and lunch were currently in the fridge . i had placed a second chicken with mashed potatoes dish at the empty spot at the table , fully expecting to put it away too . i had already sat down , but did not have a chance to touch my food yet when she knocked . and now that the thing i had been preparing for all day was here , i was at a loss of what to do . how would robert react ? newline newline i cleared my throat .  wo nt you sit down ?  newline newline she looked at me full in the face , her cool blue eyes staring into mine for an uncomfortably long moment . finally , she nodded . she slung a bag from shoulders i had not noticed before and sat down . she picked up the knife and fork and began to eat . newline newline  so ,  she said with a mouth full of food .  do you got a name ?  newline newline i shook my head .  no .  newline newline  no ?  newline newline  i have never been given a name . in fact , i ve never seen another person before . outside of the television , of course .  newline newline she grinned .  neither have i . and i do nt have a name either .  newline newline i nodded .  well , why do nt we give each other names .  newline newline  okay . but first , we need to know each other better . let eat dinner , and then we can name each other at the end . we wo nt get up until we have names . how does that sound ?  she pointed at my plate .  that means you have to eat too .  newline newline despite her apparent age , this young girl seemed smart . clever , even . i gave her what i hoped was a polite smile , and began eating . newline newline we ate in silence for a few minutes . even though this was the first time that either of us has ever been in the company of another person , it seemed like we did not have much to say . i tried not to stare , but it was hard not to when she was looking so intently at me , studying my face . newline newline there were a lot of things to think about . my guess about other people and other boxes were true . with all the television shows showing people interacting with each other , it had made sense that there were more people than just me . i thought back to the dick van dyke show . what would rob being saying in this situation ? something polite , innocuous maybe . newline newline  so , um , how did you get here ?  i asked , hoping that was polite enough . newline newline  i really do nt know ,  she said .  i went to sleep in my own place , and then woke up inside your box . out on your back lawn .  she gestured with a slender thumb towards the kitchen door . newline newline  yeah , that just showed up about a week ago .  newline newline she wrinkled her brow , scrunching up her nose in the process .  it showed up ?  newline newline i nodded .  yeah , the whole box has been growing recently . i have a few new rooms , some extra furniture , and a front and back lawn now . was your box like this ?  newline newline she dipped a piece of her chicken in the potatoes .  no , it was a bit smaller . maybe three or four rooms total , no outside .  newline newline  yeah , that sounds like how my apartment was at first too .  newline newline she bobbed her head in agreement .  it looks like they have been planning this for a while then .  she gestured to the black domes on the ceiling . newline newline confused , i asked ,  they ?  newline newline  yeah , you know , they people who watch us ?  newline newline i shook my head .  i do nt know what you mean .  newline newline she cocked her head to one side .  you mean you do nt know what those things are ? those things are cameras . i took one down a while ago , and there are tiny cameras underneath them . whoever is keeping us here , is watching us too .  newline newline i never had thought of it like that . was i being kept here ? where would i go besides here ? well , there was another person  a girl  here now , perhaps i could go to someone else s box . and who was watching me ? was i on their televisions in their boxes ? newline newline she interrupted my thoughts .  so , you watch the tv too ?  newline newline  oh , yes . quite a bit .  newline newline  do you have a favorite show ?  newline newline  um , yes . i really enjoy the dick van dyke show .  newline newline she nodded .  that explains the decorations .  newline newline i looked around . i had never thought anything weird about my decorations before . i turned back to her .  what show do you enjoy ?  newline newline  have you ever heard of dawson s creek ?  newline newline i wiped my face with a napkin .  i ve seen it listed , but i have never watched it .  newline newline  well , that s what i watch the most . anyway , we are both done eating now .  newline newline i looked at my plate and , indeed , it was empty . a moment i did not know i was dreading suddenly presented itself . i swallowed , my mouth suddenly dry .  yes we are . i guess we get to name each other now .  newline newline  alright , i ll go first .  she leaned forward and gave a sideways smile .  you seem polite , and it looks like you model your life off of van dyke . however , you do nt really conform to that image . you re a little older than i am , and a bit on the tall side too . while clean , i can imagine you being kind of prudish . so ...  she pursed her full lips and narrowed her eyes .  i ll call you danny . like danny from full house .  newline newline i let out a breath . danny . well , i suppose that could work . she could have chosen a worse name . and the more i thought of it , the more i liked it .  yeah , i think that s okay .  newline newline  okay , your turn .  she leaned back in her chair , balancing on just the back two legs . newline newline  okay , lets see . you re smart , i can tell . you are a bit young , but you do nt let that stop you . hmm ... have you ever seen happy days ? you remind me a lot of richie s sister . so i think i am going to name you joanie .  newline newline she stood up and leaned forward across the table , taking my hand . with a firm grip , she shook it and looked me straight in the eye .  well , danny , it s nice to meet you .  newline newline i stood and smiled back at her .  likewise , joanie .  newline newline  newline if there is enough interest , i would consider doing more to this story .  newline newline check out rkillersealion for more !i walked into the room dressed in my finest suit , applying for a new management job that recently opened up in downtown hong kong . i had all the criteria , a bachelors from the london business school , previous experience , and stellar references , i was walking into that room with the up most confidence in myself , i was a little bit shocked when i walked into a fiery room that instantly locked the second my body was entirely inside , every single shred of confidence i had vanished instantly . newline newline  welcome !  a tower of a man said in a voice so deep that it would break a microphone . newline newline i coughed a little bit and managed to stammer out  hhhello , i m timothy i m here ffor the the management job ?  newline newline  of course you are  the man said  why else would you come here ?  newline newline  uh ii do nt know  i mumbled . newline newline  okay , lets stop the small talk , i m retiring soon , and i need someone to replace me , do you think you could do it ?  the man said . newline newline  of course i could ! i  i clear my throat quickly  i have a degree in management from the london business school , here s my list of recommendations , and i have years of experience ! i say , as confidently as i could muster . newline newline  please leave  the tower of a man says , i shiver that he rejects me , fearing for myself , i start trying to defend myself  i can really do this , why are you throwing me out ?  i spit out my words like watermelon seeds . newline newline  you re simply not right for the job  he says . newline newline  i think i am , why do nt you ?  i say , regaining my previous confidence . newline newline  you have no idea what this job entails , and you clearly lack the power , and confidence that is required by a management job of this type  the man responds . newline newline  ok  i reply in a low , shaky tone .  what does it entail ?  newline newline  you ll have to command a strong work force of about 130 billion people  he responds . newline newline  ok you re fucking crazy i m out  i say as i turn to the door and try leaving . newline newline  no , on second though , you re perfect , you start tomorrow , i ll have mazikeen show you what you have to do .  he says with the power of a million men , and like a voice made of crystal , so clear i just knew i had finally found something real for the first time .i ca nt believe i m about to say this but i think i sort of miss it yknow . sure it s creepy at the start and gets annoying after awhile but once you get used to it . it is actually really amusing and entertaining to watch as it tries to get to you . all those constant back and forth arguments and debate we had it was really entertaining and put lots of perspective into my life . even made me better at my job . oh well no point in looking back , it s gone now . newline  newline newline as i was dozing off to the sound of the subway i felt a sudden tug on my jacket . i spun around to see a man in a complete mess , his eyes were bloodshot and had snot running down his nose . he was trying to say something . newline newline ttake it , please take it back , please , please please ...  newline newline after finishing his sentence he collapse into a kneeling position and kept begging me to take it off his hands . i did nt recognise it at first , but upon closer inspection i realise it was my behelit , at least that s what it calls itself . the behelit it resembles an egg with a set of human facial features scattered randomly across its surface , giving the item a rather disconcerting appearance . it s the first time i saw the behelit so bright red , so healthy looking . it s lucky that this was the last train back . my compartment was completely empty except for me and the man . newline newline i was so entrance by the behelit s new look that i almost forgot about the man begging me to take it back . i could nt help but laugh at his misery . newline newline well , well looks like we have a thieving rat here . i m curious how much do you think this particular item is worth ?  newline newline i m sorry , please i know i fucked up . please make it leave .  newline newline not too fond of nether realms eh i suppose . tell me , what offers did it make ? i m sam nice to meet you , and you are ?  newline newline the train came to an abrupt stop , breaking every physics law there is while me and the man sat exactly where we are . it s almost if there is no such thing as inertia . damn , it got powerful  i thought to myself . the man started to freak out as the lights in the compartment grew dimmer and dimmer . the sound of the pa system announcing service would continue shortly telling us to stay calm was distorted and demonic sounding . the man was losing his marbles scrambling under the seat as if to take cover from earthquake . newline newline i got annoyed at this scene . i got annoyed i had to squat down to look at this mother fucker . i got annoyed that this mother fucker was making all sort of unruly noises . newline newline what the fuck is wrong with you ? why in the fuckity fuck are you hiding under there ? and i asked you a question , thief .  as i pull him closer to me . newline newline what s your fucking name ?  i pulled the man out from under the seat . newline newline the man was out of breath as he was trying to say his name , shock , no doubt . he feels light , no more than 60 kilos definitely malnutritioned for his height . wo nt last 5 seconds against me , if he tries anything . newline newline j : jojoey  newline newline s : hi joey the thieving faggot  i gave him a quick jab to his ribs . that s for stealing my shit  i quickly snatch the behelit out from his hand before joey collapsed on to the floor . newline newline s : stop being a little whimp , i did nt hit you that hard and i would like you to concentrate for the next few minutes . do you think you d be able to manage that ?  newline newline j : whaa ... is it gone ? will it leave me alone now ?  newline newline i got annoyed at him answering my question with another question . i let out a long sigh . forgetting about the creepy surrounding that we are in . a few hundred meters underground stuck in a train compartment with a demonic energy swirling around us . i should probably cut joey some slack . newline newline s : joey , i ca nt answer what you just asked me because i am not an expert in this . but i do know that once you stole this egg from me that the vision or what ever the fuck this is stopped happening . so maybe it ll leave you alone .  newline newline joey started to look relieve , still annoyed at how joey looked . all snot and tears mumbling away . newline newline s : now joey . i asked you a few questions and so far you have nt gave me the answers i m looking for . i would like to not lose my shit and bash the ever loving fuck out of you . so joey ? what offers did this egg made you ?  newline newline j : ii i am sorry , he told me it would make me the best thieve the world has ever seen and i can do all the drugs and women i can ever dream of and take away all my illness and problems . iiiiit wants me to kill my mom and my friends . says it s like a down payment or something . it says it ll teach me how to do it  newline newline s : i presumed you did nt take the offer .  newline newline j : fuck no , this thing its evil and i am not gon na kill my friends for some demon  newline newline s : huh , a thief with a heart , and what do you do for a living ?  newline newline j : imm a thief , i steal things and get it to a buyer . people sometimes have request , and i deliver the best i can .  newline newline s : someone told you to steal this thing from me ?  newline newline j : nono , i do nt know why i did that . i never did things this carelessly . it just felt impulsive to do what i did .  newline newline s : so you being a thieve and whatnot you would know contacts to purchase guns . safe places to hide and all those shady shit .  newline newline j : yeyeah ... i guess . why would you need to know ?  newline newline s : let me get back to you shortly  newline newline s : and as for you , you fuck head  referring to the behelit . newline newline i stood up and stare directly into my own reflection in the window . newline newline s : fucking get this train moving i ve got places to be .  newline newline in that short instance the subway jumped to life and everything went back to normal . joey looking as confused as ever and just sort of stared at me waiting for me to continue where i left off . newline newline s : see joey , the way i see it you owe me twice . once because you stole some shit from me , second i help you exorcised this whatever you call it .  newline newline j : so its done ? it s gone ? it ll leave me alone ?  newline newline s : in a manner of speaking , yes . see , when the first time i got this egghead i tried getting rid of it . does nt matter what i do , toss it , burn it , smash it . always , always comes back . funny thing , once you stole it from me it stopped reappearing . so from what i gather , you ca nt get rid of it by giving it away . you get rid of it when someone willingly takes it from you . it s a theory i just came up with .  newline newline j : ssure anything for you , whadya need ? from the looks you look pretty well off , heh  newline newline s : i do nt need things from joey , oh no . joey , from this day on you work for me .  newline newline j : work for you ? i m a thieve that s all i know . i steal things and i get things to people . that s all i know .  newline newline s : oh do nt be coy with me joey , you tracked me down . i have been traveling from one place to the other nonstop since forever . even the cops could nt find me . but you did , you picked my pocket and now here you are thousands of kilometer away from where we first met .  newline newline newline s : you joey , you are nt a normal thief . you are an international thief . like those guys in oceans eleven . you can organise stuff and you are resourceful . i need people like you and you owe me .  newline newline j : what do you even want me to do ? what do you even do ?  newline newline s : i hunt things joey , oh hohohoho . i hunt things . most people can count themselves lucky if they get the chance to go on a single real adventure . i have never had such pleasure . newline newline when i was in school , we were all classroomtaught . the slideshows of waterfalls and mountains in geography class were only a small taste of any potential  adventure  that i could embark on . newline newline my family is not lucky  we were chosen to be secretaries . my mother answers calls at the coal building in downtown . my father does the same at the automotive building . my fate will be similar , and it it soon approaching . newline newline i will have my adventure , especially if it kills me .          dropcap  newline newline a soft breeze passed over his face , rustling the wheat in the field that surrounded him where he lay . he could feel the warmth of the sun caressing his cheeks . he dug his hands into the rich dark soil that cooled his back , refreshing to the touch . a smile crept across his face  he knew this place . it was the place where he had toiled for many hours to provide for his family and the people around him . it was the one place in the wide world that called his name and held his heart . it was home . newline newline a tear slowly rolled down his cheek . it had been a long journey of heartache and turmoil . after joining the legion he had quickly risen to the top of the ranks as he proved time and again his natural ability to lead and improvise on the battlefield , conquering his foes and establishing order and peace wherever he went . it was all for the glory of his emperor  for the glory of rome . this simple farmer had changed the face of the world . newline newline but it was nt all stories of glamour . he had created an enemy in the emperor commodus . ultimately , it had been the cause of his death . that did nt matter to him in the end . he was finally free . newline newline he sat up and opened his eyes . the rolling fields were covered in wheat , almost ripe for harvest . he stood and began walking toward the road , nervous for what he might find . he reached his hand out and felt the wheat travel between his fingers . he stepped out onto the tree lined road and began walking home . newline newline marcus decimus meridius had nt seen his family in a long time . he had faithfully kept count of the days , never letting the soldier become anything more than a service to his country . it was finally time to hold them again . newline newline rounding a bend in the road , he spotted his family standing at the house as if expecting his arrival . he could see his wife bend and whisper something to their son before the child broke from her embrace and raced towards him . marcus felt a surge of adrenaline at the site of this , excited to see that his son had been eagerly awaiting his return . newline newline marcus knelt as the boy lept into his arms and pulled him close to his chest , embracing him tightly . he never wanted to let him go . his wife arrived shortly afterwards , kneeling down , and marcus folded her into his embrace . his wife grabbed his face , laughing as she wiped away his tears and kissing him for the first time in years . newline newline  welcome home , general . tap tap tap  newline newline the knock on the door surprised me . i did nt expect any visitors this late into the evening and the nurses usually do nt check up on me until 10:30 . newline newline  come in .  newline newline  good evening , sir !  newline newline that s an unfamiliar voice ...  newline newline i looked up to find a tall man entering my room . he was in his midthirties from my estimation . he wore a nice suite with a deep blue tie and his dark brown hair was neatly combed back in a tidy hairstyle . newline newline if i had looks like that ...  i thought to myself , life would be good .  newline newline his lips curled upwards towards his inviting blue eyes as he smiled to introduce himself . newline newline  i m pastor ben from the local church down the street . i like to visit the hospital every so often to check up on patients and ask them if they would like to talk or pray . is there anything i could do for you ?  newline newline great ... a pastor .  newline newline  i m not much of a religious man ,  i admitted ,  but it is nice to have some company .  newline newline  i m happy to give you some of my time .  newline newline the young cleric smiled again as he took a seat next to my hospital bed . newline  so what brings you to the hospital ?  he asked . newline newline  oh nothing unusual for a man of my age .  i laughed .  high blood pressure , diabetes complications , oh , and let s not forget the prostate cancer . just the usual ailments for a 83 yearold man like me .  newline newline i smiled at him as his face took on a solemn wince . newline newline  i m sorry to hear about all that , sir .  newline newline  please ,  i interrupted ,  call me william .  newline newline  william ... it s nice to meet you .  the young man inspected me closely .  you know , i never would thought you were so sick just by looking at you . you look pretty healthy to me .  newline newline  you re not the first person to tell me that , you know .  i smiled as we shook hands .  the doctors were quite surprised that i was sick too . imagine how i must have felt !  newline newline ben laughed and sat up from his seat .  well , william , would you mind if i asked to pray with you ?  newline newline the young pastor looked straight into my eyes . he was charming and kind . how could i refuse him ? newline newline  i told you i m not very religious , but i guess i would nt mind .  newline newline  thank you !  the pastor responded .  may i hold your hands as we pray ?  newline newline  why not ?  i shrugged .  i do nt have that much longer to live anyways .  newline newline i closed my eyes as the young pastor took my hands into his and began to pray . as he spoke , i began to feel peace and strength flow into me . perhaps this religious stuff is nt as phony as i thought ...  newline newline  dear heavenly father ,  he paused and groaned slightly as if he were in pain ,  i come to you today with   ben coughed violently , but i was feeling better by the second . maybe there s some truth to this prayer thing .   with william who is sick and in need of healing .  the preacher was straining now with each word he spoke .  please be with him in this difficult time in his life . please place your healing hands ... ahh ... ! gah !  newline newline i opened my eyes to check what was going on , only to find the young man groaning and writhing in pain . his hands were clutching onto mine , gripping as hard as he could . this should be painful , i thought , but i did nt feel a thing . instead , i felt great . newline newline it was as though this young man s life was flowing into me . i had never felt anything like this before . it was incredible . i felt decades younger . newline newline ben kept trying to break free from our hold .  please !  he begged .  what are you doing to me ? please stop !  but i would nt let go . how could i ? i was being healed . i smiled for his prayers were being answered . newline newline a few moments later the writhing stopped . this foolish young pastor was no longer groaning , he was no longer anything . before me was a limp and withered shell of a man , while i felt better than i had in my entire life ! newline newline i m sorry .  i thought to myself . but know that your sacrifice will not be in vain .  newline newline i got up from the hospital bed and looked at the mirror . the face of a young man in his midthirties stared back at me . what the hell just happened ? actually , who cares ?  i was back , and with this newfound power , i was ready to do anything . newline newline i took ben s nice suit and tie and headed out the door , ready to live life all over again . newline newline i always knew i was special .  newlineas carter rode farther into the sunset he could feel sweat building up on his forehead . he had to leave albuquerque , he could nt go back to that forsaken place . the memories of his poor puppy flooded back into his cerebellum reminding him how much he hated that town , and all the hitmen who lived there . lost in thought , carter mindlessly led his horse , bob , towards the fiery inferno of a sunset . bob , unable to tear his eyes from the cyclopean inferno , marched stoically towards his death . carter felt his mustache burn . he regained consciousness and noticed that his entire body was on fire . he screamed !  aaaaaaaaah .  but it was too late . the sun had claimed another victim . it would feed on cowboy tonight .i awoke with a start , naked and shivering in a field . the last thing i remembered was the 18wheeler coming straight at me then , nothing . i looked around but only saw some blurred shapes in the corner of my eye . newline  is this the afterlife ?  and immediately after newline  i should nt have killed those kids ,  i said wistfully to no one in particular . i took another look around the field and realized something was nt right . i looked down at the grass and realized , in shock , it looked like it came out of a steam greenlight asset flip . newline  oh god help me ,  i whispered as i realized that the blurred shapes were actually an array of rapidly draining meters . i looked to the static , 480p , sky and let out a scream . almost transparent against the stock jpegs of clouds it sat there taunting me . newline newline made in unity newline newline  my first wp submission , wrote it in 2nd period instead of doing math so i might come back later and improve it i feel as though this journal may be found someday , by descendants , or perhaps by a different form of intelligent life altogether , so here  s where i  m at mentally on this journey . newline newline life really doesn  t feel too different here , as far as i can tell . we have our civilization archived and most of the data from the probe to our destination has been extrapolated to recreate realistic conditions in the artificial reality chambers . newline newline from text , we know the centripetal force on the inner ring is the same as is on earth . the outer ring  s force is same of that as our destination planet . although i  ll never truly experience it , i know roughly what experience on earth was like . newline newline i would suspect a passenger who left earth knowing they  d live out the rest of their life aboard would be homesick as the technology for recreating environments hadn  t been perfected until only a few centuries ago . which makes me wonder what technology we  ll be able to invent in the coming generations . newline newline this is one of my philosophical queries , we are a selfsustaining ship , capable of synthesizing resources from hydrogen picked up . i understand why we left earth , or why we thought we should have left , that is . the thing about life aboard the ship is that nobody has gone crazy , unlike what was predicted , i suppose they are doing a good job of keeping us sane with the help of artificial reality . i question whether or not we are even approaching a destination sometimes , we are capable of progressing as a civilization and thriving aboard this floating boat of the stars , so why even bother landing it at all ? newline newline from what i  ve read , life here isn  t unlike that of the early 21st century , when we began to prepare for departure . i was born , i have a family with siblings , i went through grade school , i attend the university focusing on engineering , naturally . the funny thing is , the technology here is so powerful and complicated most of the inhabitants shy away from technical focuses . most simply spend their time in artificial reality . the elderly stay mostly on the inner ring , or back on  earth  . the young and anxious stay on the outer ring where they impatiently wait to reach a destination they  re not likely going to survive to see . and there is nothing wrong with this , we have sufficient food so we can sustain most of the population . we are assigned a reproduction requirement , to keep a constant in and out flow of resources and to ensure capacity doesn  t reach or surpass its limit so most live and die on either earth or our destination without leaving the ship . newline newline each generation has a fraction of those that go on to make scientific breakthroughs as doctors , engineers , mathematicians , and scientists . i suspect however , regarding my point made earlier , that we  ll soon collectively realize a destination isn  t necessary . our advancements in technology are bringing us closer to synthesizing hydrogen out of thin air which will lead to creation of any element we  d like . with this technology , why not build another ship ? we have the tools , resources , fuel , and the technical skill to replicate our ship , why only one . we could send another to a different destination , do the same thing until we realize it isn  t necessary and keep building and building until we soon colonize the whole galaxy in these giant , floating centrifuges . newline newline we  re far from that now , but i  ve read excerpts of those who left earth on this ship who had wondered if their primitive artificial reality would ever be good enough to fool them from the real thing , and we have that so i  ll just keep studying . newlinecalm down rex , just , calm down . newline no ! fuck him ! newline that s the last time he ll take me for a fool . newline newline we re supposed to be friends , companions . newline we re supposed to look after each other , we re supposed to trust each other . newline newline but no , every time , everytime he pretends to throw that ball it s like a knife in my chest . newline and i fool for it everytime , why ? because i trust him . newline i trust him to throw that ball , just as i m sure he trusts me to return it . newline but i m done . newline newline rex turned to alan , who was giggling while holding a tennis ball behind his back . newline rex looked him square in the eye and said  no one is going to believe you  . newline newline the tables have turned alan . newline and you can get fucked if you think i m cleaning up your shit . get off my fucking muffin !  cried james as he swung a backhanded slap at the tiny flying creature that was nipping at his starbucks . his hand connected with its tiny scaled body , and it landed in a crumpled heap in some litter before shaking its head and flying into the distance . james had always thought dragons to be powerful creatures that inspired awe in him . until they fucking arrived . three years ago the rift  opened above the carribean and thousands of the tiny little bastards flew out . nasa was stumped , the cia could nt control them and doomsday sayers had a field day . earth thought it was on the verge of a great war , or a revolution in the way we lived our very lives . what they actually got were millions of muffin loving pigeons with scales , that then began to harass people for their baked goods . some people tried to tame them as pets , however that only ended with a well fed dragon terrorising the streets , and a really pissed off trainer that s just been mugged for their biscuits . newline james glanced over at a man on the other side of the road with swarms of dragons flapping round him , desperate to get a bite of his pasty . he sighed to himself and turned back to his plate . newline newline the bastards had taken his fucking muffin .disclaimer i know almost nothing about batman universe newline newline  god dammit , not another one . how many is this now , alfred ?  newline newline  17 , mr. wayne  the man butler replied , as he gently passed a white hankerchief to the growingly stressed out man . newline newline wiping the sweat from his brow , bruce was going to need some backup with this case . things were getting out of hand . the only evidence this maniac was leaving behind was his name . not all of it , mind you , only the last name . newline newline  batman , batman , batman  bruce repeated in disbelief .  of all the names for this guy to have , it would be my alias .  newline newline grabbing the remote control , bruce flipped off the news , leaving only a blank screen in it s wake . he scoffed at the irony of the situation , the blankness of the television was similar to his own thoughts . how do you catch a killer when the whole city of gotham now thinks you are the one responsible ? newline newline bruce looked around the bedroom , alfred had departed the richly decorated room , leaving the billionaire to his own devices . the hardwood floor was cold beneath bruce s bare feet , making the hair on his neck stand . a small wisp of cold air danced around the man s chisled torso , air too cold to come from inside . newline newline a window , slightly ajar was letting freezing air penetrate the warmth of the house . odd though , as bruce strolled over to the far side of the room , he did nt remember alfred opening any windows ... . newline newline in an instant , bruce felt leather press up tight to his back , with a sharp metal object held close to his neck . newline newline  hello there brucey , enjoying a nice day as a murderer ?  newline newline  hello , catwoman , welcome into my home , and i am not a murderer !  newline newline  i know , i just like seeing you squirm the same way i like my seafood , wriggling and raw  as she slowly pressed her teeth into bruce s neck . newline newline the goosebumps rose for the second time , as did something else lower on the man s body . newline newline seeing that bruce was properly teased , catwoman let go of bruce as he struggled to keep his erection from being too obvious . newline newline  oh go on , put your weapon away , and i ll put mine away  catwoman laughed as she retracted her metal claws , and went to lay on the bed . newline newline catwoman was adorned in skintight black leather with her trademark cat ears , a whip attached to her hip , and a small utility belt hugged her flat stomach perfectly . her breasts were very poorly covered by the opencollared design of her suit . newline newline finally managing to get his penis to calm down . bruce walked briskly to the piano in the corner of the large bedroom and played a small series of seemingly random notes on the keyboard . newline newline catwoman , posing like a beach model on the comfortable silk sheets , waited for something to happen , as if on cue , the floor no something deep beneath the floor started to move . the sound of metal on concrete , followed by the sliding sound of a metal grate which was further followed by the sound of an elevator starting to rise . newline newline the sliding of bookcases snapped catwoman from her daydreamed state , bruce took the lead from here on out . walking into the elevator , catwoman followed , as did alfred , who unexpectedly decided he wanted in on this adventure . newline newline  fuck off , alfred . you re not invited .  newline newline  but master way  newline newline  dammit alfred !  newline newline  as you command , master wayne  mumbled the disappointed butler . newline newline after alfred got off the elevator , bruce pulled a needlessly large lever and the elevator grates slid noisily shut . on cue , the elevator began to decend , slowly at first , and then began to pick up speed . newline newline  that s a pretty big lever you got yourself there , batty , is everything in this house that big ?  she said with a wink . newline newline  oh fuck you  bruce said , growing annoyed . newline newline stepping off the elevator , bruce went straight for the computers , and logged under his username and password . newline newline  is there actual bats in here ? how big is this place ? are the ones that hang down stalagmites or stalagtites ? my teacher told me about this rules to remember which was which , but i always get confused because they sound so similar .  catwoman spewed from her increasingly unfiltered mouth . newline newline  stop talking , and cover your eyes , i m doing important batman stuff  newline newline typing on the sleek glass keyboard , window after window popped up on the screen , news reports , porn , archived files , porn , police sirens , porn , data from all the villians in gotham , and porn . clicking furiously on the keyboard , the true batman finally found what he was looking for , opening up the intercepted email of a certain patrick batman . newline newline  incredible , it seems that he is working with the joker , and with bane !   bruce exclaimed , obviously pleased with his findings . newline newline looking around the large , daunting cave , catwoman finally seemed interested in what was going on . newline newline  oh , so this is the guy you ve been looking for then ?  she said flippantly . newline newline  yes , as you can see in this email , patrick batman , who i will be referring to as pb for simplicity is conspiring with joker , and also conspiring with that horrible brute of a man , bane .  bruce said , trying to get the sexy woman to bend over and look at the screen . newline newline  hmm , yeah , bane is quite the brute . pb and j working together is what worries me most , the joker never works with anyone , bane is at least reasonable at times  catwoman said , as she scratched her head in worry . newline newline trying to think of a plan , batman stood out of the chair and began to pace back and forth on the hard stone floors of the batcave . catwoman too , attempted to brainstorm on where they could even begin to start , and more importantly , what was in it for her . newline newline  i ve got a plan , i ll try to reason with bane about this pb and mr. j working together , to see if i can get him to turn his back on this serial killer , and you try and find some intel on the whereabouts of this patrick ... batman .  bruce said , as he spat on the ground . newline newline  sounds like a plan , when are you ready to leave ?  she said , as she straightend herself up , mentally preparing for what lay ahead . newline newline  i keep my batsuit down here , ready to be equipped at all times , we can get across town driving my batmobile , if you would prefer to catch a ride with me instead of walking . i can be ready to leave in ten minutes or so .  bruce said newline newline  that seems reasona  newline newline  master wayne ! wait ! your food is ready ! just like you wanted it !  alfred came running in with a silver platter in his hands . newline newline  what the hell , no , what are you talking about this time ?  bruce shouted at the old man , beyond frustrated at this point . newline newline  just like you wanted my lord , i was listening in to what you two were saying , and i thought you would be most pleased !  newline newline bruce , curiousity beginning to mount , walked slowly towards the silver platter , head at an incline as if trying to get more details about what lay beneath the silver dish . grasping the metallic handle , bruce unveiled what appeared to be a peanut butter and jelly sandwich , a mango , and a glass of milk . newline newline  exactly what you wanted mr. wayne , i heard you say pb  j  enough times to know that this is what you were wanting ! you also said fruit  a rather alarmingly high number of times too , so i thought a mango would help y  newline newline without saying a word , bruce grabbed the mango and chucked it deep within the cave , a loud thud annouced the completion of it s unexpected journey . newline newline  no ! dammit alfred , i said patrick batman and joker , not sandwich ! and i said brute , bruuuuuute , not fruit !  bruce said , exasperated . newline newline catwoman , feeling awkward , walked quietly into the batmobile , and sat in the passenger s seat , waiting for the batman to finish pummeling the old butler with the diagonally cut sandwich halves . newline newline i do nt know doc , he kept speaking gibberish , but all i could do was lay back and let him rub my stomach . i know what your gon na say ,  martin lifted his paws and attempted to do air quotes to no avail .  it s a dependency issue .  and maybe your right ! maybe some sick part of me gets off on it . some fucked up fetish thing !  martin lifted his hind legs and scratched the back of his ears , his face moving into ecstasy . doctor meowsy whiskers watched with frustration as martin flicked fleas across the office . she recoiled in disgusted as a flea plopped down on to the desk next to her . newline newline  martin , could you stop ?  newline newline martin stopped , flipped his legs around , and then twisted his torso so he was now lying flat on his stomach .  martin , i think the heart of the problem is not that you have a dependency issue , it s that you find your owner so attractive that you let him put his hands all over you . it s not some much as a fetish , as it is love .  newline newline a flicker of recognition sparked across his eyes before quickly disappearing behind a snarl . newline newline  no ! no i do nt love him ! that would make me some kind of , humanist . he does nt even make sense when he is speaking to me , so i ca nt love him ! god , all you people do is pry into feelings that are nt there and make people confused !  newline meowsy whiskers jumped up and glared across the room , taking in martin s repulsive flea ridden , terrier body . newline  this practice is for animals in need of help . not fuckwits who have problems with intimacy ! if you want to get animalist and start accusing all cats of being distrust worthy , you go ahead and do it . but do it somewhere else !  she pushed her head open through the flap in the door .  get out .  newline newline martin crawled off the chair , tail neatly tucked to where his balls should have been . newline  you know what . no . i ca nt go back home right now . the other day , my master left the gate open . ran right out the door . i would have walked right into a car if i had the balls . everytime a car came past , i would chase after it , yelling . yelling , please ! i made a mistake . i need to be underneath you !   martin looked into doctor meowsy whiskers eyes and turned away . meowsy could nt do it . as much as she wanted to let him deal with his own issues , she had a duty peta , to ethically treat animals . newline newline  wait !  she stood in the hallway holding a piece of paper ,  here . this prescription will get you a handful of treats . i m also writing you a letter of recommendation  to get a voice recording of someone telling you youre a good boy  . oh , and unofficially , hump something once in a while . you may not love  your master but you do have some issues that need to be worked out . some casual sex should do the trick .  martin looked like a puppy , and had meowsy not been insulted by him a couple of minutes ago , she would have been all over him , like mice on cheese . newline newline  thank you .  newline newline  you can thank me by calling in my next patient . it s the parrot with the shades on .  newline martin looked perplexed and said ,  may i ask , what s he in for ?  newline newline meowsy looked around to check she was alone before saying anything ,  he is the parrot from the monty python skeet . does nt know whether he s alive or dead ! mom , newline newline do nt have too much time , we move out in 10 . newline newline long time no see . have nt been able to write back , they ve been keeping us on our feet for the last few weeks . tell the goobers their uncle has permission to beat them if they get into the cabinets again . tell heather that the fish tank needs cleaned more often if that slime keeps coming back . newline newline i ll fix the garden when i get back , maybe i ll even bring you a souvenir . newline have dad throw the ball for the beast , til one of them drops from exhaustion , it ll be good for the both of them . newline newline tell grandpa we ll trade stories of these kraut ... newline newline  newline newline maam , newline it is with a heavy heart that i must continue this letter . newline on the night of  redacted  roughly twenty miles south of  redacted  your son was involved in a friendly fire incident . an enemy 105 had hit nearby , then the gas , the hellfire the bullets the chaos . it was madness , fire and bodies . newline newline you can thank our great nation for training us well . your son took three shots , center mass . he was down before my finger was off the trigger . it was nt a good death , but it was nt painful . i ll be giving him my apologies in person . newline newline i am truly sorry , newline sgt . a. andrews newline 95th inf . newline  b  company newline newline  newline newline roughly one hour after writing this , sgt andrews took his own life . newline newline taking the life of another is nt the hard part , living with yourself after is . newline newline cpt . c. evans newline acting commander of bravo company , 95th infantry division newline outside  redacted  germany .so , the hindo  s had it right after all . my new existence is more miserable than the last . well , at least i don  t have to hear about next doors son . now i have to spend this new life being trodden on , suppose it  s a good metaphor for my former life . newline newline when i was dead everyone would walk all over me , now that i  m dead , people still walk all over me . then again , i  m not dead . newline newline the things that i would change now , everything seemed so important before i was reborn as a doormat . newline newline i wouldn  t of dropped history for starters , so what if mark wasn  t in the same class as you , your education is way more important than having someone to natter to . maybe then i would have my own big consultancy firm that requires me to move to sydney . newline newline i definitely shouldn  t have relied on mark . poor bloke must of been sick of me constantly following him about , but talking to people was so scary back then , it got easier at uni though , but by then it was too late . newline newline university , oh god why did i pick business administration . i wasted 4 years of my life learning how to analyse spreadsheets and graphs . utterly pointless . newline newline what could ve been ? i could of picked medicine . yeah , i could of been a doctor saving lives or i could of picked english lit and written a best seller . oh think of the movie deals and all the monies that could  ve rolled in . newline newline but no , business admin . newline newline why didn  t i phone her ? she gave me her phone number , christ sake . she handed it straight to me and i convinced myself it was a mistake . newline newline not a day goes by where i don  t think about her , what i fool i was . too late now , she married and you  re a doormat . newline newline shit , hope they don  t find a my little shrine or my hard drive .on the skin of the reciept was an ink tatto that unhinged my jaw . i glanced around nervously , expectling something , someone ,  a technician or whatever  to stroll up to me and confirm that , yes , the atm was dysfunctional and that , yes , my reciept showed a few extra digits that had no business being there . in my head i was rehearsing my angry , redfaced , tantrum , and was chasing down every possibility for a lawsuit down the corridors of my imagination . newline newline a quick survey of the area rendered my initial reaction an overreaction . i also came up with two lifechanging conclusions : firstly , i need to watch less  suits  . secondly , i m a fucking millionaire . newline newline glancing around once more  just in case i was met with the disdainful faces of around 15 londoners . everyone in the queue was of a different shade  of a different shape  of a different color . one thing they did have in common , was the fact that they all looked pretty pissed at me . newline newline i slowly shuffled out of line : it was an awkward jerky movement , that evolved into a walk , then a slow jog , and before i knew it i was sprinting . newline newline seventy million . seventy fucking million . newline newline not bad for a waiter , eh ? newline newline i dont know what that atm was giving me all that money . i lived in brixton , and it was dirt cheap there . usually i d get 50 , 55 . i ve never broken into the hundreds . despite my articulte and polite letters , the government never considered cocaine a  necessity for survival and well being  . wankers . newline newline but fuck them . newline newline years of struggling to make ends meet , thats corrupted me a bit . to make rent , i had to trade my moral compass for a faultier good . now , the north arrow was skewed , and it pointed to cindy s . newline newline newline newline newlinemy first time posting . please be kind . wrote this while i was  working  and left plenty of areas where the readers imagination can take over for what they think happened . though , i do have some ideas in mind but wanted to keep it short and mysterious . please enjoy !  newline newline my alarm is going off , time to wake up . the lights in my windowless room power on to simulate sunlight . mornings were never my favorite but this one is exciting . like christmas morning i  m excited for what is in store today . it  s not often brother michael takes us outside of the dormitory , but he promises something special for the day . newline newline the group of us in building c were picked to go on our retreat second after those in building h. i  m not sure how they picked who got to go first . in fact , i  m not sure of a lot of things around here . not only do the directors hold back information from us , no one speaks . ever . the clean air is meant for nourishing our inner energies not for frivolous waste like carrying our undeserving voices . newline newline i grab my robe and leave my bunk to proceed to the showers , like any other morning . the line isn  t too long today , i suppose the others are sleeping in . my memories seem hazier every day but i remember when i was new to the complex . sleeping in is a luxury you don  t get on the streets . uncomfortable containment suits and constantly seeking new shelter leads to an unpleasant life . some would steal air tanks and sneak inside of garages . the wealthy wouldn  t take too kindly to this . in fact it became sort of a stain on their otherwise carefree lives . newline newline shelters were built for vagabonds like myself , but they couldn  t support us for long . luckily the directors found us . it feels like life before them was a bad dream . now look at me . in a shower with warm water raining down from above . every morning i get to do this . well i think it  s morning . i haven  t been able to keep up with the time . the lights go on so i shower and get to work , and when they go off and i go to bed . i  m happy . no suit to wear , great food , peace and quiet . i  ve even stayed out of the hole lately , the directors seem to be pleased with my improved behavior . heck i don  t even have a commute to work , it  s just across the hall ! as i look down at myself naked i must admit that i have put on a few pounds , but so goes the life of luxury . this tattoo on the inside of my bicep  v17  always gave me a bad vibe , couldn  t quite place when i got it . newline newline sure luxury is defined in different ways . we don  t have fancy windows or even mirrors in the bathrooms . but we are alive and nourished . outside isn  t much to look at anyway , plant life is scarce outside of the greenhouses . building c was taught to butcher so that  s how i spend my days . we don  t eat much meat ourselves but the work is the least we can do for the services we are provided with . we all must contribute . the directors are very kind . newline newline i finish my shower , throw a clean robe on and step outside to see brother michael standing there . the group is all ready . today is the day . newline newline we venture down the hall , longer than i remember first coming to the complex through . i wonder if this will be a long trip as my muscles are used to my new found life of relaxation . brother michael stops us in a room full of suits , it  s really happening . i can  t get my gear on fast enough . the ventilation turns on as the room seals before opening to the outside . newline newline the front door opens right on cue as we finish suiting up . we file out of the building looking like a bunch of spacemen . i turn to look back at the building as the door shuts behind us . i can see a group of directors peering out through a window a few floors above . the directors are very kind to allow us some time outside . some feel undeserving , but the directors are very forgiving of our failures of the past . newline newline we are walking around the side of the complex , i can hear the wind as it blows dust against my helmet . the dust comes in waves and at times i can barely see brother michael as he is at the front of the group , so i just follow along behind the person in front of me . there is another building not too far away i think but it  s hard to see . i suppose this is where the directors have something special to show us . newline newline the walk becomes arduous . my bones feel weak , i am not looking forward to the walk back . the building is not far now though so my will keeps me going . what a kind surprise the directors have assembled for us . newline newline the building is strange , there are open windows in the front and a larger building attached to the back . we walk through the front and the room is rather baron . there  s a few push carts but nothing else . brother michael puts his hands above his head then folds them and looks down . we all look down as well so as to follow his cue . after a moment i glance up to see if we are all still looking down . i get a clear look at one of the push carts and notice it has a dark stain down the side . it must be recent as it looks like whatever stained it wiped some of the dust away off of part of a logo painted on it . i  m now looking intently at it trying to make out what it says . i  ve seen this logo but i can  t quite place where . suddenly i realize and my heart sinks . my breath has escaped me . newline newline i  ve seen this logo at work . newline newline i look up at brother michael . he presses a button on the wall and at once all our helmets spring open , except brother michael  s . i hold my breath as long as i can , the air is not safe i know it . my eyes blur as i look around panicked . some fall to their knees and accept their fate , others struggle . blood is leaking from mouths and eyes , i gasp . i  m filled with this toxic air and finally succumb and fall to my knees then to my side . the others have all fallen still , but i  m breathing heavily lying on the floor . newline newline brother michael walks over to me , suit still completely closed . he kneels in front of me and looks me right in the eyes . i look around and see men in suits emerge , putting the others  motionless bodies on the push carts . i look back at brother michael . he smiles , tilts his head , and speaks for the first time ,  it worked  . i  m teary eyed from the shock of his voice . the light above shines just right that i see my own reflection in his helmet . i realize now that i have forgotten what i look like . but i can see it now , plain as day : newline newline i look just like brother michael . newline newline newline newline newlinea sad , sad day for the world of fantasy literature . newline a sad , sad day for me . newline newline i only started reading terry pratchett s books about 2 years ago , and i have read far from all of them , but the ones i read were absolutely stunning . one of the greatest authors of our time . newline he had not only an imagination bordering on the unimaginable , but he also looked at our world , the  real  world with such a discerning eye that even though discworld was as strange a world that a human being could create , it was so immersive and reminiscient of our own world that the only way to describe it is  magic  . newline newline more than an author , for me he was a philosopher . we can learn a lot from his works , because pure humour and fantasy does nt describe it appropriately . this is my first response attempt so go easy on me  newline about 6 months ago i found out that i am in no way normal , in no way a regular human ... it all started in a very sad way ... much like any cliche movie that you would ve seen , except this was no movie . i was sitting in my room , browsing the internet and just watching videos , when i heard a loud bang downstairs followed by a eerie and painful scream , i immediatly ran downstairs only to find my mum trapped under a huge wooden shelf . i m sure you ve heard of people freezing in situations like those , but i did nt , with no hesitation i lifted the shelf up like it was a sheet of paper , in that instant , i grabbed my mum  who was nt exactly light  and took her to the hospital . i did nt think much of how i lifted that shelf with no major effort , i just assumed it was all that adrenaline pumping through my veins ... that was until i was in 12th grade pe class , it was an ordinary one , our teacher would have us warm up and then tell us to play basketball , football , whatever he d like , i was never very good at sports ... i would get tired very fast , being the chubby , stayathome teenager that i was , although this time i went through the entire class without so much as a single second with heavy breath , i just did nt feel tired at all , i could go on forever ... we spent an hour playing basketball , i would just pass the ball around because i was never a good shooter , i would just let my friends shoot . after the game ended , i decided to run to the hoop dribbling a ball and just lay it up , the thing is , when i jumped , my head touched the hoop . all my friends just stood there looking at me , and i had no idea what was going on , some of them freaked out , some of them just came to me and started telling me to dunk , including my teacher . i gave it a go and dunked like it was the easiest thing i have ever done in my life ... and i started thinking about that moment ... that one moment where i saved my mum ... my teacher invited me to the school s basketball team , i accepted , did nt give it much thought , i had other plans in mind . after classes , i made my way home and just started experimenting , i could jump high , i would nt hurt myself falling from about a 3 meter drop , i could climb , i was suddenly a superhuman athlete ... i decided not to tell anyone , but i knew i was going to use this for good . newline newline i spent sometime trying to discover what i could do , what were my limits ... 1 month passed and i could pretty much fly , had superhuman strength , i could hold my breath for as long as i wished for , even underwater . so i decided it was time to do good , to help our forces agaisnt crime , whatever they were . i remember the first time i prevented a robbery , an armed one . three masked individuals were robbing a local convinience store , and i decided to step in , i did nt feel very scared , i felt invincible at the time , i approached silently behind them and knocked the first guy out with a punch i have never seen before , he just flew straight into the counter . the worst part was when they pointed a gun at me , and i heard that loud bang i will never forget ... i thought i was dead , but to my surprise , the bullet just stopped . right in my chest , that s when i knew , i was invincible , immortal , i was superhuman . when the police arrived on the scene i was already gone , but to my misfortune , the store had cameras , and they had seen my face and were looking for me ... i fled from their sights for 2 whole months , i had an incredible advantage over them . yesterday , i went to sleep on this abandoned warehouse , where i knew no one would find me , or thought so , even ... newline newline today i woke up restrained in a hospital bed , i saw no one , i struggled , but nothing ... the feeling i got was impossible to describe ... after all that , all that power , all that strength , i could nt escape from some simple hospital straps ? a man came in , wearing a white overall and the cockiest smuck i ve seen . he just came in and said :  you ca nt escape that easily  . i froze , i did nt know what to say or do , i was so disoriented waking up in that unknown facility , i tried to struggle again but it was helpless , i took a deep breath and asked :  where am i ?  . to which he answered without hesitating :  you re in a testing facility , in an undisclosed location . we ve been running tests on you . 6 months ago we started a psychosis induced dream experiment , we set the scenario and put you in certain situations where you d slowly find out you had superpowers.  . i did nt know what to say or do , my whole life , everything i thought i was , my powers , my invincibility , all that made feel so great after being a normal guy for so long ... i just could nt take it ... with little to no hope left in me , i just asked , softly :  you re not going to let me out are you ?  , the man smiled , and nodded his head horizontally . i closed my eyes , leaned my head against the pillow and sighed ... i did nt know what i was feeling , but suddenly ... i heard the scream again . newline newline edit : some minor mispellingmiswording .i finished tying up my shoe . alright ! now it s time to go the store ! time to poof !  newline i concentrated on the place i wanted to be . aisle 12 ! that s where i always start !  newline newline nothing . nada . no poof . newline newline what the ? ! ?  it was nt working and i had no clue why . i heard a poof in the kitchen followed by the opening of the fridge . newline newline  dude ! we need more milk ! did you get milk ?  my roommate was home . newline newline he poofed into my room and turned around to see my confused look .  dude where you been all day ?  newline newline  i woke up late ... has your poof been working today ?  he looked at me strange and then poofed out of my room . five seconds later he poofed back , in his hand was a coconut . newline newline  works fine for me !  he handed me the coconut .  coconut ?  newlinetime to go again . george shivered . he did every time he sat in the chair . maybe it was the power . maybe the nerves . maybe the fear . newline newline time travel was never simple . limiting himself to once per year , for fear of altering the continuum , george was nonetheless excited . it was always interesting . he always learned . but only from a distance . newline newline the locals could nt spot him . they would fear . they might even kill him . worse though , coming back might not be possible , for the further you go , the broader an effect you have . newline newline this time though ... george wanted to go further back . he d seen the slaughter at stalingrad . the crowning of queen victoria . hannibal s elephants . the mongol hoards . boudica fight the romans . all that and more , but it was nt enough . newline newline forget the dinosaurs . no sense getting eaten . further back . to where the air was breathable but only just . what would he find . newline newline with a breath , george pushed in the coordinates . the room whirled and his stomach lurched . like always , he closed his eyes . he liked to be surprised . newline newline to his consternation , his first sound was ... music . george opened his eyes . newline newline had something gone wrong ? it had to have . for he was in a room . a room ... with no door . newline newline checking the coordinates , he had indeed arrived at the right time ... but then what was the meaning of this ? newline newline hesitantly getting out of the chair , george sniffed the air . it had a certain metallic smell . almost coppery . and he felt lighter . strange . newline newline he d seen some strange things , but this took the cake . newline newline suddenly , a voice boomed throughout the room . it was unlike anything he d ever heard , and in no recognizable language . yet ... george understood it . newline newline  you are hereby placed in confinement , on account of your violation of penal code iii , under section delta .  newline newline  what in the hell for ? what s going on ? ?  george gasped . newline newline  please wait for your prosecutioner .  newline newline  wha  george was cut off as a loud pop blasted behind him . newline newline whirling around , he saw a solid metal desk in place of his machine , and a diminutive man behind it . the man wore glasses and a threepiece suit of an unknown material . he studied george for a moment and motioned for him to sit in a chair that was suddenly behind his legs . newline newline  i.. what is going on ? ?  newline newline again uttering in that strange language that he could somehow understand , the man answered in an extremely monotone voice , as if he d done the same thing a thousand times . newline newline  you stand accused of violating penal code iii , under section delta .  newline newline  i do nt even know what that is .  george spluttered . newline newline  how do you plead ?  newline newline  what in the hell is going on ? !  newline newline  please , this is an official record . if you do not plead , a verdict will be sent down regardless .  newline newline  well not guilty of course !  newline newline  that is not a plea . two options exist : you may choose your punishment . death , or hard labor . choose please .  newline newline  wha.. am i not allowed a defense ? or knowledge of my crime ? ?  newline newline  you have been advised of your crime . defense of yourself is unnecessary as your guilt has been determined prior to this meeting . how do you plead ?  newline newline  ca nt you just explain ? i do nt understand what is going on !  george begged pathetically . newline newline slowly taking off his glasses , the man sighed , and pushed a button that appeared on the desk .  i do nt have time for this , i would like to go home you know .  newline newline  i m sure , but so would i .  newline newline the man once again studied him for a moment .  do you really think that you re the first ?  newline newline  first what ?  newline newline  traveler of course . the problem has become endemic and the policy is quick prosecution .  newline newline  how am i supposed to know that ? why ca nt i just leave ?  newline newline almost rolling his eyes , the man sighed again .  you think we can let you leave with that machine ? so more of you can show up ? we have thousands every day , from every time . the technology must be limited .  newline newline  this is nt fair !  newline newline  you want to know what s not fair ?  the man seemed to become agitated .  having your daughter s birthday party and one of you shows up and starts wrecking things . you are an infestation and must be eliminated .  newline newline  what about justice ? ?  newline newline  justice ? you interlopers know no justice . i ve seen your history . you know nothing of us and yet you think you can apply it to us . you never learn . we are far more advanced then you realize , yet we understand that our history is to die . that is our doom . we accept it .  the man paused dramatically , and almost whispered ,  why can you not understand our wish is to do so peacefully ?  newline newline  im.. i m sorry . can i help ?  newline newline  no . just as our destiny is to perish , yours is to bother us . the solution is to rid the times of this technology and live in peace .  pushing the button again , the man continued .  i ask again , how do you plead ?  newline newline george shivered , but this time for a different reason . he had a sense of impending calamity , that he knew could not be avoided . with a shake ,  hard labor please , if there is no other choice .  newline newline the man nodded and disappeared before george s eyes . the room was empty . newline newline with nothing to do , he sat down and contemplated his situation . nothing good could come of  hard labor .  newline newline in the distance , george heard a knocking sound . like a ring against a wooden surface , but more hollow sounding . it got louder and it s pace slowed , to once every few seconds . newline newline just when it sounded like it was outside the room , it stopped . newline newline and george shivered .they sit down and look at each other . they look away . newline newline  a beer ,  the demon orders . newline newline  water ,  the angel orders . newline newline the demon snickers . the angel looks his way . newline newline  heaven must not be the same without me ,  the demon gloats . newline newline the angel keeps silent . heaven is still the same , my fallen brother . for it was never you , lucifer , and the rest who made heaven what it was . it was , is , and always will be the one and only god .  newline newline  nothing to say ?  the demon presses . newline newline  how are you and the rest of my brothers ?  newline newline for a moment the demon is stunned , but he quickly recovers and retorts with a sneer .  like you truly care .  newline newline the angel nods .  i do .  newline newline the demon shakes his head and turns back to his drink . the angel waits . finally , it comes : newline newline  why ?  newline newline  because you are my brothers  all of you , including lucifer  and i love you all , still . we all do . michael , gabriel , raphiel , uriel , azrael ...  newline newline the demon pauses a beat , then asks , tentatively :  and god ?  newline newline the angel nods and places his hand on the demon s shoulder . it burns  holiness can not come into contact with sin  but the angel wills himself through the pain , and tells him : newline newline  it is not too late to repent .  newline newline the demon is quiet . for a moment , to the angel , it seems as if he may actually do so . but then a voice interrupts : newline newline  how sweet . two brothers catching up on lost times and i was nt invited ?  newline newline the demon jumps up , fearful , and falls to his knees at lucifer s feet , begging ,  oh please master  i did not me  newline newline  hush  lucifer whispers .  i ll deal with you later .  newline newline and they are gone . newline newline the angel bows his head and prays , father , please help them .  nbsp  newline mother would have been honoured to know that i was celebrating my sweet 16th  birthday . newline newline  nbsp  newline yet i am at the same time a disappointment to our species , having spawned no young of my own , and now my days grow short and dark . newline newline  nbsp  newline mother became fertile at the surprisingly young age of 11 , and many of the older boys courted her . father won , apparently , though not a man of true stock or high standing , and from the seed of their loins i was born , and my younger sister also . newline newline  nbsp  newline then father passed , and while other boys continued to ply her with sweet words and toys , mother did not mate again . she raised us alone for a time before she passed , and , contrary to the ruling party s ideals , to value kindness and love rather than hurried propagation . she thought our species would not long survive the path upon which it was travelling . newline newline  nbsp  newline she was right . newline newline  nbsp  newline in my case , at least , she was right . newline newline  nbsp  newline sister died before she flowered , and she was the lucky one . i have endured years of courting only to see myself scorned and ignored , a lonely childless elder who has failed her species . newline newline  nbsp  newline i wanted to relent . i wanted to ignore mother s words , when the pressure was at its peak , and simply let one of the boys plant his seed in me and create a new life , as society demanded , but it would not be a life that i could care for . it would not be a life that mother would have wanted . newline newline  nbsp  newline no one has prepared a cake for me today . father , mother , sister  your legacy ends with me . this is not the way that mother wanted , but neither will life carry on in spite of her wishes . newline newline  nbsp  newline for all life ends abruptly . newline newline  nbsp  newline and mine , i am sure , will end at sixteen . newline newline  nbsp  newline and it will be a bittersweet farewell .around a kitchen table , the parents and two of their children talk . newline newline  you should nt have done that .  newline newline  what was i supposed to do ? this is fucking stupid . i do nt know why you have to be such jerks .  newline newline  i am soo  soo  tired of all you kids doing these things to me . i should ve just aborted you all !  newline newline pupils dilate , to let in more light . the heart beats with greater urgency as norepinephrine and epinephrine are poured into the bloodstream . the blood gushes down central arteries as they vasodilate . the onewhoexperiences feels a headache as the blood flow to the brain increases  visual acuity increases , almost to a painful degree . light burns . too many details are visible . peripheral vision dims as focus bores in . newline newline that heartoftheabdomen , the liver , breaks glycogen and releases huge stores of glucose into the bloodstream . blood sugar levels may reach well into the hundreds in acute stress . energy prepared in quiet now blazes forth . likewise in the brain , certain neurons release massive caches of catecholamines to procure energy and processing speed . processing shortcut pathways in the amygdala are activated , following the familar specieslong adaptation to acute stress . newline newline each muscle s tension increases , to prepare to brutalize an opponent or to sprint . blood drains from the face and extremities . therefore scrapes will not bleed as much , but though the rage looks cold on the exterior , it newline chars on the inside . the body siphons blood from the gastrointestinal tract to the muscles and brain . everything nonessential to living in this moment shuts down . newline newline now what ? newline newlinenewline newline i quickly awoke as i heard my phone alarm vibrating anxiously . every morning brought the same panic for me as it did for the other 63 million people waiting to see how the distribution would be done today . newline newline i was used to the typical  5 , some days  10 if something special was coming ... or even someone . worst case scenario was  0 , a once a month occurrence at this point in my life . i was quite lucky seeing as there was only so much to be spread around . newline newline today was different . newline newline seven zeroes , lead up by a seven . it made no sense to me . i had just received  70,000,000 and 24 hours before it was back to zero . newline newline this was it . the entire pool of money . and it was in my account . was it a mistake ? my heart began to beat extremely fast as i ran through all the scenarios in my head . newline newline do i call them ? say it s a mistake . do i take my card and run ? surely that would be no good . they d find me . newline newline i ve heard of these huge lump sum payments in the past . but as with most , there was a fatal mistake made by the end of the day . newline newline i decided i would be different . i locked all my doors and began planning . pension plans , retirement accounts , iras , 401ks , houses for my parents , until every dollar was accounted for . newline newline i called my mom . there was no answer so i eagerly left a voicemail . newline newline  mom . i need to tell you something . when i went to my atm this morning , i was dispensed.. well let s just say it was enough money to get us out of here for good . i ll be over as quickly as i can . start packing . we need to go .  newline newline i had a plan . soldman gachs was the place to go with an income like this . i d play it off as it was accumulated wealth and they d be sure to be none the wiser , as long as i was willing to relinquish a quarterly 3  fee . newline newline i quickly packed up the essentials and was off to my mother s home , thirty minutes away . newline newline newline i got to my mom s door and began to fantasize . newline newline i had been waiting for this moment my entire life . to tell my mother our troubles were over . we would now live a life not determined by the money in our accounts , but the character in our hearts . newline newline my father had died from the immense pressure and stress surrounding his account . he was always falling short amongst his own expectations and feared . he killed himself , as did so many others , to try and stabilize matters for his own family , leaving behind his estimated remaining worth ,  2,487 . newline newline unfortunately he did not succeed . but i did and i was ready to end all the sorrow . newline newline newline i took out my keys , unlocked my family home and skipped inside . newline newline my heart stopped , i stopped . newline newline my mother lay there , in a pool of blood beside her atm . i ran up to her and craddled her broken body . i loudly weeped . newline newline i was not soon enough . i knew i should of never left her once my father died . i had failed as a son and there was nothing the money could do now to fill this void . newline newline i looked up at her blinking atm screen . newline  please take your receipt  it read . newline newline i grabbed the receipt .  0  1,677 entries  newline newline  thank you for your entries into this month s lump sum drawing . please stand in front of your atm and if your child is chosen as our lump sum winner , you will be immediately executed by a bullet to the brain . thanks and have a great day !  newline newline newline newlinethey say that knowledge is power . and none has a thirst for power more than the one they call conan . he walked among the tomes , the keeper of these relics , with bold steps , secure in his own abilities , aware of his magnificent strength . the fifth floor was his domain , his alone to watch over . few ventured into his realm , those who did took a few startled steps and then quickly backed towards the staircase . newline but the warrior had grown restless . the time spent as guardian of the texts had made him yearn for the thrill of battle , the feeling of steel on bone . yet he could not abandon his responsibilities easily  honor still meant something to the world  s greatest librarian . newline a sound stirred the heart of the mighty conan . someone or something was approaching . his eyes scanned the shelves , his ears searched for the source of the unrest . a beautiful woman clad in scarlet took confident strides into the light . in one hand she held a sword , long and slender but clearly dangerous .  by crom  the words escaped his lips like a prayer . a grin spread across the face of the barbarian . newline she began to run towards the mighty conan , her intent clear . he waited until she was only a stride away before he drew his own sword from his back . the sound of steel being unsheathed echoed through the great hall of knowledge and stopped her advance short . the two combatants locked eyes , and began to circle around like wolves searching for a position of advantage , weighing the other  s prowess . she held her weapon in front of her , with both hands in the style of the eastern warlords . conan switched his guard to a single handed grip and stretched one arm towards her to show the size of his overwhelming muscles . her eyes took in the display with lusty approval . she took a short side step and brought her sword down with incredible speed . the librarian was barely able to parry the blow , before another and another came quickly after . her movements were fluid and well practiced  the sword an extension of her will . finally a master had appeared to test conan . newline they continued this deadly dance until beads of perspiration formed on the brow of the femme fatal . conan , until now , had been merely defensive . he blocked each of her attacks but did not return with any of his own . he wanted to prolong this encounter for as long as he could . but seeing the first signs of fatigue , conan could not help but to press his advantage . he lunged forward and brought his mighty sword up at the last moment inches from her lovely neck . a gasp escaped her lips , and she jumped backwards like a frightened animal . conan had expected this . he pivoted on one foot and leaped forward , again closing the distance between himself and his opponent . a snarl was on the face of the woman , it softened into a smile , a deadly appreciation of conan  s skill with the blade . newline  you are conan , the librarian ?  her voice was accusatory , yet soft , like a polished stone worn smooth by constant use . newline  and if i am ?  barked the warrior , measuring her tone , but never dropping his guard . newline  you are he.  she said ,  i have something for you  she left her words hanging in the air like smoke . she sheathed her sword with a quick motion , and produced a scroll from some unseen hiding place .  the wizard sends you this.  she tossed the ancient scroll gently at conan  s feet . she turned to leave as conan examined the unexpected treasure . his eyes filled with rage as understanding came at last to conan . he hurled his sword into the stone wall , mere inches from the head of the beautiful warrior . he screamed as he charged at her with long confident strides.  this is long over due !  newlinethe raids were a part of our lives for as far back as our history goes . every winter , the nomads would swoop in and steal our food and resources . we had to work extra hard to ensure everyone in our tribe had enough to eat but this year we did nt have enough for everyone , much less the nomads . they depended on us for survival . they did nt have the means to , or did nt have the want to , raise livestock or grow crops . they moved around stealing from different tribes throughout the year and we just happened to be their pick for winter . newline newline but they had a surprise waiting for them . this year , we devoted most of our efforts to improving the city walls . the walls were measly 10 foot high logs surrounding our village . now , they re solid stone stretching more than 50 feet into the air . topped with iron spikes and watch towers filled with archers . a monstrous wooden door that took a dedicated team of a dozen men to open . we became a fortress overnight . because of all these preparations , we had to divert manpower from tending crops and livestock . our food supply was low . if the nomads were able to breach our defenses , we would not survive . but if we could hold strong , they would be the ones to starve . one of us would not make it through the winter .  at my third birthday party , the cake only had two candles.   newline newline i wasn  t sure how my first week in therapy would begin . two weeks until that day , i had a phone interview with my new therapist . dr. bennet . he was supposed to be some bigshot , worldrenowned psychologist , and it had been three months before i could actually snag this guy to be my therapist . i guess the big shots are always the hardest to get  not to mention , most expensive . newline newline in any case , two weeks until that day , i had prepared notes about myself , my family , my education , and my lifestyle . fairly tangible things came to mind , so it wasn  t difficult : i was thirtyyearsold , working as an editor for the wall street journal , graduated from yale with a degree in writing , two successful parents , an astrophysicist and lawyer , and i was a fairly active guy , with a healthy sex life , and a cute dog . i visited my younger brother , brandon , twice in those two weeks , telling him about how i felt  about how he never should have left . we were a family of three now , fit for a family of four . he would respond as he often did : silent acknowledgement . newline newline my brother was a year younger than i . he was meant to be the golden child i was meant to protect . he was the bundle of joy that glued my perfect family so perfectly together . he was named after my father , as my middle name was named after my father . we were two sons chipped out from his pride . my family was happy . i was happy  i had everything . newline newline so why was it that i booked a shrink to listen to me ? i couldn  t think of a single reason . i was the perfect son , a successful guy , and i made good money . but there was something else , something so empty about my life , that i needed someone  reputable  to assess . newline newline ... newline newline when i walked into the room , dr. bennet barely moved from his computer , typing in a rapid silence . he turned his head mechanically as the door shut and send out a reverberating thud on his wooden walls . the woodwork around me was exquisite , vibrant hues of mahogany and rich , lush brown tailored the room as well as his suit tailored him . newline newline i introduced myself and he greeted me with an air of detached dismissal . he inquired about my day , how i had been feeling , and if i was ready to start . as i opened my mouth , a short pause escaped it like a stifled breath . then the words bobbed out slowly as the tones in my voice inflected unevenly  almost unwillingly . newline newline i wasn  t sure why i told him about my birthday party . that thought had never even hit me until this moment . i was three , three goddamnit !  yet somehow it escaped , and i saw a small , inquisitive grin materialize on his face as he scratched down some notes . somehow , the emotions started trickling out further and further . my parents gave me all the most expensive gifts and toys , but they were for babies .  i could feel small warm buds collecting in my eyes . when i was six , my parents enrolled me in a private school .  my cheeks burned warm , subdued with a passion i had long suppressed . when i was thirteen , my parents told me my dream was yale law .  i felt one salty tear snailing down my face . they always told me i was to be the son they expected me to be . another droplet fell parallel the first . newline newline then , a moment of clarity crystallized in my head  i remembered .  when my younger brother was still within my mother , my family was perfect . we were happy .  we were a family of three expecting number four . when my brother was not born , everything changed . they never called me by my first name name . always , always , always my middle name : brandon .  i could feel the deluge of emotions overwhelming my good senses . i could feel my face , scalded by the years of denial . i thought back to my visits to bradley  i had known the answer to my empty life . i hated my brother . i hated him for what he did to me . he was never meant for his grave  i was never meant for his life . newline newline at my third birthday party , the cake only had two candles . newline newline at my first birthday party , i died and lived as the ghost of my brother . newline newlineso i looked around . a normal place , if normal was still normal , with people of all shapes and sizes , all races and nationalities , surrounded me . i was sitting at a quaint round table , a cup of those fancy little espressos hooked loosely between my right middle and index fingers as it rested on the hard patterned wood below . the scent was ... oaky , earthy with a mix of coffee and fresh bread . very real . very typical . newline newline  do you see ?  a voiced asked from inside my head . newline newline  i see .  newline newline the people were laughing , talking , reading , writing , acting with complete disregard for importance . a barista bobbed her head rhythmically to some muted music . a child ogled patiently at homemade pastries while his mother studied menu items and asked for specials and options . three mid20s looking friends sat huddled around a laptop entranced at some interesting thing or another . ten or so others meandered about doing everyday normal things . newline newline  where are we ?  i asked . newline newline  where are we ? where are we ? home . yours and mine , in the middle of a normal day with innocent , unknowing people ,  the voice responded . newline newline  okay , but where , with actual meaning , do i sit ?  newline newline  brooklyn , in a fairly popular cafe at ten in the morning .  newline newline i noticed the bustling traffic and roofless apartments out the windows to my left . i d never been , but from music videos and news interviews and movies , it felt like new york city . there was a certain aura . a certain , well , emotion unveiled itself , a connection to so many people in so small a place forming an unusual pride within my soul . newline newline  i m not from brooklyn .  newline newline  oh ? well , how about here ?  the voice asked , and the room , the people , disappeared before me . newline newline the world whisked around my head , lights twirling every which way as my body lifted up from its seat into what felt like zero gravity . i yelled , not with pain , but with pressure . i felt a tearing within , a struggle to rip apart and pull back together . newline newline then i was standing still , calm , with my arms crossed and my hair blowing to and fro with a soft , fresh breeze . my fingers no longer touched a coffee cup , but a rolled up piece of paper grasped tightly between my fleshy hand . newline newline the sky above was clear , sparse clouds interspersing a perfect ocean of midafternoon blue . as best as i could tell from twirling myself around to survey surroundings , i stood alone . with no people , no buildings or trees or anything of which to speak from horizon to horizon , i stood sole in the middle of a golden grassy field . newline newline  do you see ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline another emotion boiled up inside , a drastically different one . i felt isolated , different , special , independent from every other thing on the planet . i felt solitary , and i liked it . newline newline  is this home ?  newline newline  close enough .  newline newline it was nt , really . i grew up in a quaint suburban home in not really anywhere important , but i quite liked the spaciousness . newline newline  good , then you will know .  newline newline in an instant , the sky turned red . the golden grass disappeared , unveiling miles and miles of dead , flat , rock . a soft yellow haze glowed from the edges of everything . its source remained veiled , but it felt ominous , enclosing , unsafe . newline newline  open .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  the paper , open it .  newline newline i unfolded the parchment , squinting to read its content in the dark of wherever i was . newline newline this is home , it read , now you know .  newline newline i looked back up for one final time before being taken away again , my body screaming as it pulled against itself and pushed back together . newline newline then , just like that , i was back where i started . sitting on a fine bench in a fine park in a fine little town , i was again looking at a serene duck pond having a conversation with a total stranger . newline newline  now you know ,  he said , my eyes not daring to look at him ,  where i come from . and my people , they too .  newline newline from the corner of my eye i could see him gesture to the stack of papers between us . my research , the evidence of actual impostors taking the bodies of 10 percent of the world population , laid nothing more than an offbrown folder full of words and pictures and numbers . newline newline  we are from a very different place , a much harder place than your own . so please , accept this . accept what we have left to come here .  newline newline he stood to leave me , content in his very inexplicable explanation . as he started walking away , i called after him . newline newline  but wait ,  i said , and he stopped still ,  where ? who , what are you ?  newline newline he turned back around to face me , looking , piercing sharply into the souls of my eyes . newline newline  we are the same . humans , if you must . but from a different time .  newline newline a different time ? my face widened at the thought . newline newline  a terrible time , years into the future , where we could just not stay . so we came back here , choosing to live in the obscurity of lefties rather than exist in meaningless terror .  newline newline  what happened ?  i muttered , terrified at his response . newline newline he nodded gravely . newline newline  i suppose you must . centuries from now , after countless periods of human development , we remained . the few , the terrible , cleveland browns fans . so we had no choice , you see , but to come back to your home .  newline newline  oh .  newline newline and it all made sense . newline newline  newline newline visit my website ,  casualhuman.com   http : casualhuman.com  for more of my short stories .alysa slowly walked down the street . her mind still on the assembly the school had held to share memories of karen , alysa her classmate who had recently died in an accident . they had been partners in the afterschool club for manga , sharing a burning passion for the japanese art form . though they had not shared with anyone their secret passion for one of the genres . newline newline newline shaking her head alysa looked to her sides for traffic and crosses the street . while moving the few strands of hair that hang in front of her face to the side her thoughts went back to the assembly . when the headmaster had told the students of the griefcounselors she had been relieved . her parents had each tried talking with her about karen her death but alysa did not know how to communicate her feelings and thoughts to her parents . she did not want them to know her most personal feelings and thoughts . newline newline newline after the announcement she quickly got in a meeting with one of the griefcounselors . just talking about it all with someone , trying her best to put her feelings into words , to share her thoughts released a burden from alysa her body . she had not realised how tense she had been the last few days . newline newline newline turning another corner alysa looked up at the sky . she had to be home before the sun started setting . ever since karen had died a new serial killer had appeared . increasing her pace alysa sped up . looking in front of her the sight she saw made her automatically shout out karen her name . newline newline newline another girl who looked just like karen , the same black hair , the same bag and strange socks walked in front of her . her cheeks red with embarrassment alysa ignored the other girl , she would not react to a name that was not hers anyway , and moved on . hastening her pace alysa was about to walk past the one she had confused for karen when she turned around and her face , she looked exactly like karen ! newline newline newline  kar karen ? but how ! you are dead ?  newline newline newline the copy of karen stared at alysa with a cold stare before answering with a whisper :  hello alysa , it is a shame we met . i had hoped to avoid you.  newline newline newline letting out a chuckle the girl who alysa now thought surely had to be karen added :  by the way alysa , it is very impolite to ask a girl why she is dead.  newline newline newline in shock from seeing her dead classmate alysa her breath got stuck in her throat . coughing loudly , opening her airways again she asked karen how this was even possible . newline newline newline  you do have to pay the price , which is quite steep , for this alysa . i am sorry about that but there are no exceptions.  newline newline nodding alysa patiently waited for karen to explain while at the same time trying to get her breathing under control . listening to karen alysa was told an amazing story . apparently karen was centuries old , having been granted immortality by a spirit after saving it from a shaman . having gone to school on and off for decades to get her mind of things , unable to get a job due to never growing up . newline newline newline  but i am sorry alysa , i chose this street because you never take it . i was hoping to avoid you but sadly you are the twelfth person i met.  alysa stood there looking at karen as a tear streamed down her friend  s cheek . with a feeling of warmth on her chest alysa fell to her knees . standing in front of her was karen , holding a red knife in her hand . alysa her vision faded to black as she heard footsteps that became softer and softer . newline newline newline with a sigh of sadness for her friend karen walked off . with one last whisper to her best friend from this school she said :  the price to pay is steep and has to align , for i have to return twelve souls for mine.  newline newline newline         newline newline newline thanks for reading ! if you enjoyed this , then please check out rmaisieklaassen newlinebryant is playing hopscotch in front of his house with his friend gabriel when a limo pulls in . newline newline a very handsome man , dressed in a full tux , steps out from the driver s side and maneuvers to the opposite door . as he courteously opens the door , theresa , bryant s mother , steps out . her beautiful dress is patterned with intricate floral designs . for a normal household , this sort of extravagance would be well beyond anything ordinary . bryant s family , though , is not exactly ordinary . his father was once a hugely successful businessman . now that he has died , his family lives in luxury , searching for some semblance of their former lives .  which ,  bryant thought to himself ,  is probably why she is out soul searching yet again .  newline newline disgusted with his mother , he asks gabriel to go on an adventure in the fields out back . newline newline  sure thing . let s search for monsters !  gabriel replies . newline newline as theresa and her newfound mate giddily run into their mansion , the kids dash out back and proclaim themselves monster slayers . newline newline after a couple hours of play time , the boys start noticing a distinct rumble in their stomachs . newline newline  perhaps it would be time for a meal ?  gabriel asks . newline newline  of course , maybe my mother will have finished her play time as well .  bryant sighs . newline newline they head to bryant s room , large and covered with superhero posters . as the boys make their way through the toys strewn about , bryant pushes an intercom button and requests one of the maids make something delicious for him and his friend . newline newline when bryant hears no response , he presses the button and asks again . no answer . after several more attempts , he starts getting furious . newline newline  this is ridiculous !  he says ,  i do nt understand ... usually when i do this , food appears within minutes .  newline newline suddenly realizing that his friend has nt said anything in a while now , bryant turns around . newline newline the scene is grotesque . gabriel lay smothered in blood . his throat agape and entrails exposed . newline newline speechless , bryant falls backwards . too afraid to even yell , all he does is stair . newline newline from the doorway , a figure begins to speak  yes , and usually your maids are alive . usually your mother brings home a man that actually wants her company .  newline newline shocked , bryant jerks his head towards the figure . he finds the man his mother brought home , now stripped of his tuxedo . he seems to be carrying a bloodstained kitchen knife . newline newline  ii ...  bryant murmurs , terrified . newline newline  and usually ,  the man says ,  you live in luxury . but today this ,  he gestures around the room ,  becomes mine .  newline newline the man lunges forward and everything goes black .from a young age , i always enjoyed reading comics wherein the hero or heroin saves the world . i d spend hours fantasizing about how everyone worshiped them as they saved the world . it became a bit of an obsession , i d just randomly let my mind wander in class as i wondered how i d take down a school shooter or stop a terrorist attack . how i d execute a perfect slide and steal his gun , then hold him down for the cops to arrive . at the same time , i d enjoy watching apocalypse movies where the hero saves the damsel in distress and wins her heart . if only that could be me ... newline newline i had prepared , of course . i had every room in my house stuffed with shotguns , shotgun shells , food , water , and medical supplies . i even went so far as to purchase an old wwii tank , along with several hundred old soviet grenades . financing it was nt easy , but you d be amazed how much the military is willing to work with you when you offer the down payment to the co in cash . living in rural wisconsin , hiding all this military tech was easy , however transporting it was not . regardless , as you can tell , my life is centered around the apocalypse . i was determined to never be a helpless zombie , or the damsel in distress . i was to be the hero , and be the hero i would ... someday . newline newline little did i know , in the summer of 2016 my opportunity came . a terrorist organization called isis had managed to manufacture a serum that completely inhibited any sense of right and wrong , mainly intended for use on suicide bombers . however , they found a much better application in large populations , as it also turned every human being it came in contact with into a vicious killer with no moral inhibitions . newline newline so , naturally , being isis , they tried to put it in the water supply . unfortunately it became too diluted , and all that ended up happening was a bunch of londoners cutting queue and violently tutting for a few months . next they tried putting it in the oil , hoping when it was burned off the chemical would be dense enough ... unfortunately anybody who was sucking in exhaust  looking at you rednecks  was already so unstable it did nt matter . newline newline so , naturally , being a bunch of stupid terrorists , they gave up . that brings me to where i am now , standing in a trench fifty feet from their bunker , about to steal the serum and get this done right . i d managed to secrete enough from the oil to experiment on , and i knew how to do this right . i just found it very hard to negotiate with terrorists . actually , i lied . i m not going to , the remote control car already has already poisoned them all , it s already mine . i just need to go in and bring it out . newline newline newline it took two hours . two hours with a forklift and tom , my best friend from high school  oh , and he was also a bodybuilder  . i d found that if i put it directly into the bloodstream , any sweat would then be enough to infect the next user s bloodstream . so , skip the boring stuff , i mixed it up with the blood at the red cross , and within a day the zombie outbreak had finally begun ! newline newline it was really lame . newline newline i mean , yeah , so a few zombies showed up , but nowhere near enough . this just was nt working , it was nt fun picking off one maniac every few hours . things had to speed up , and quickly . so , i did the next best thing , and drove my tank into the middle of new york city and dumped the zombies off the front . within hours , the entire city was hiding or infected . tom and i could finally have some fun . i started easy , using a few of my precious ammo shells in the tank to defend our perimeter . we d set up a corner of time s square , and were defending a few civilians sitting by the tank treads . tom had a vietnam era gatling gun , heaven knows how he found that . i did nt even know he owned it , but as i write he s standing on the hood of my tank firing twelve rounds a second , mowing down zombies like a rather buff grim reaper . newline newline i fired four more shells into the left flank , opening a small chasm that was soon filled by more zombies . we d been at this for almost thirty minutes , and i was starting to get a bit worried . there was nt anybody to save , because everybody was infected . boom , another grenade to my left . tom had run out of ammo belts and was now throwing grenades , and the perimeter had become a lot smaller . not good , not good at all . time to take this to the high rises , where the military was setting up evacuations on the rooftops . i called to tom , and started rolling the tank . the people crowded around the treads ran away screaming , more zombies for later . i prepared my magnum , and readied myself for the entry to the nearest building . newline newline tom and i fought our way up to the highest floor , there was quite a bit of traffic , amazingly . we did nt really save anyone , seeing as everybody was a bloody zombie at this point . i wish the serum was nt quite so effective , it was ruining all the glory in this . apparently i was wanted by the u.n. now , i only know this because of the soldier i left tied up in the elevator . something about infecting all of nyc was nt very humane . regardless , they d worship me as a hero when i stopped this outbreak . newline newline tom was tired , i was tired , and we d been at this for six hours now . i was tired , this was a bad idea , and i wanted none of it . the zombies had cornered us , and i was on my last three clips for my magnum . tom had run out of grenades , and was engaged in handtohand combat . well , hand to leather . if they touched him , he d become infected . however we re going to die here ... this much i know . there are only five feet left until they reach us . now three . now they re up against me . newline newline i go down .get that picture away from me ! i ve seen that man before , i m the one who killed him ! the painter said he d kill me , so i killed him first ! i m not crazy , he s done it before . he had predicted peoples  deaths , but he was mute so he could only show them by painting . newline newline ii m not crazy . newline newline all he finished was his face , the face that would lead to my demise . the one that would lead me to whatever fate the devil had for me . i memorised it , i knew every contour of the face , all the iris imperfections , every divet . it is the face that haunted my dreams , because i knew it would be the face staring at me as i die with a cruel smile . newline newline i thought it would be years before i saw that damned face . i wanted to live my life , i wanted to experience it . i was only twentytwo , and there he showed up as my waiter . it was a date , but i left her there , i ran as soon as i saw him . newline newline i knew i had to kill him , it was the only way to save myself . he would be the one to kill , it s the only thing in the painting . he looked so innocent , but i knew the life would drain from my eyes because of him . so i made a plan to kill him , a very simple one . i would kill him first , and i d live forever ! newline newline i see that look on your face  i m not crazy !  eveveryone knows that the painters right ! he s always right !  newline newline i made the plan the plan to kill him , because of the painter . i made it a quick death for him  slit his throat while he slept ! i followed him home after work the day after i first saw him in his flesh . i broke in at midnight , but he did nt hear a thing the idiot man ! he fell asleep with the t.v . on ! i crept over to him and slit his throat , and i watched happily as he drowned in his own blood ! as his life left his eyes , i knew it would never leave mine . newline newline go on ! sentence me to life in prison , i ll outlive it anyways .  a chair can be heard falling over .  do it ! shoot me , see how i can never die !  gunshots are heard , and the sound of a body hitting the floor ensued .  newline newline you , you shot me ! you shot me !  gasping is heard .  i think , i think you hit my lung . no , no i ca nt die !  i killed the fucker ! i m supposed to live forever !  violent coughing is heard , and his voice begins to lose volume .  newline newline i , i m not crazy ! i ll , i ll live through this , just wait and see . i ll live forever , i killed him ! newline newline a deathrattle can be heard , and the recording falls silent . the remains of jerry s hut offer some shade , but the blistering heat is creeping in through every crack between the poles . i m still trying to figure out how i ended up at this point . the sacrifice was a mistake , sure . but what other option did we have ? i guess it does nt matter anymore . newline newline i m tired . i do nt want to go home , i do nt want to be with my family , i do nt want to go back to my regular life . i just want this to be over . fall asleep and never wake up again . the emptiness on the other side is more tempting than anything else . no more sun , no more hunger , no more pain ... just nothing . newline newline i still remember hope . it feels like it was in a different life , but it ca nt be more than a few weeks ago . we had managed to build up a respectable camp and things were nt looking so bleak . jerry and martin were in charge of the water supply , so they made the hike up the volcano and came back two days later with plenty of water for all of us . rachel , jess and pete certainly had the most challenging job , but we were all grateful for the roots and bugs that helped us fill our stomachs with anything at all . building the shelters in the sand was tough but i still enjoyed it . i had even started to build a reservoir for the rain but i never managed to seal it properly . newline newline the sun is still climbing . with every minute , i can feel it growing stronger and stronger . it s not a passionate killer , lurking behind a corner to jump out and shove a dagger in my chest . it slowly poisons me with every ray that seeps through my body . newline newline at some point we just knew that the food was nt enough . we got used to being hungry , but the weakness that slowly developed was crushing us . i stopped working on my reservoir and helped the others , turning around every stone and looking for anything too slow for my weakening fingers . one day i even caught a crab , but it just did nt cut it . jerry and martin would nt be able to make their hike much longer and we did nt have any other source of water . newline newline it was martin who woke me up in the middle of the night .  why jess ?  , i asked . he did nt answer . the following days were a blur . everything we had built up started falling apart as soon as the first grain of sand turned red . newline newline it must be noon by now . i ca nt tell where my body ends and where the sand begins , everything has turned into an ocean of fire and agony . but then i can feel something else . a dark speck in the middle of it all , small but slowly growing . i touch it and it feels like ... comfort . it slowly covers my battered body and for the first time in weeks , i feel relief . i let go . newline newline i can hear the waves breaking far away . then suddenly , they re right next to me . i open my eyes and i can see the moon shine between the gaps in the roof . i m back in jerry s hut . i close my eyes but the darkness is gone . the horizon is turning blue already . one more day .in a time where i often found myself in dismay and in search of any form of comfort , however rudimentary , i had at long last found a salvation , not in a person , but in a fort . newline newline my castle stood close to the edge of the expanse of a coniferous forest . the timber walls and roof , recycled from the forever gracious mother nature , blended wonderfully into the scene . from the outside , my newlybuilt retreat looked like a small keep , belonging to a lesser lord . but , from the inside , it was a glorious kingdom fit for the most beloved of kings ! this kingdom needed no guards nor servants , as my remote four walls and roof provided ample security against the wickedly wry truth of reality . newline newline walking up to the entrance would present a drawbridge of planks , providing a substantial path to the gate . at the front of the fort was a small rectangular hole in which to enter , blocked by a sturdy picket gateway . above this hole was an inquisitive sign reading salutema sight which induced a coy smile every time it was read . the makeshift entrance bowed only slightly above my head , which is saying quite a bit for someone of shorter stature . newline newline upon entering my abode , i would always plop down on my silky , creamcolored hammock . a grand , yet modest , candle shot arcs of light about the room , embers crackling off of the flame . as the candle bled its virtue about the scene , it illuminated a hefty stack of books in the corner of the room . always finding comfort in scent of old books , i would sit for hours pondering the atramentous words , applying them to my own imagination . the desk that sat in the opposite corner was nothing less than a tinker s stationa birthing table of creativity ! the collection of robust sticks was but an arsenal of swords hanging upon the wall with blades made of only the most splendid silverblustering their beauty for all observers ! this was not just a fort in the woods , but a kingdom of creativity which would act as a catalyst to the most prolific and innovative of peoplehoisting them out of obscurity . newline newline as i lied in my hammock , the sweet aroma of pine needles seeped through the wooden walls , cascading their way through the fort like a curious child surveying his new home . but much akin to the attention span of a child , the scent carried on out of the building and drifted away among the breeze , leaving me content , yet reminiscent . newline newline in the present , i have decided to return to the forest of my childhood . one of the first things to enchant me with nostalgia was the exact same underlying scent of pine in the breeze , wisping its way along the route in which i sauntered . a thick blanket of needles overspread the forest floor , crunching and cracking under the pressure of each stride i graciously took . as i furthered along my trek , the assonance of birdsong accompanied my thoughts , like an anthem celebrating my return . newline newline the eyes of the forest gave encouraging starestowering above all else as they stretch their roots into the earth . i came upon the edge of the woodland , feeling a sensation of bliss rupture inside me as i spotted what was once the place i considered home . my drawbridge was no longer present , as the wood had given itself back to the earth to begin its cycle once more . the walls of the hut were slightly decayed , but that is to be expected with anything in lifethe passing of time makes no exceptions . but no matter how much time passes , no matter what may happen , there are some memories that can never be omitted . decayed , perhaps , but never rubbed away . the memory of this hut would remain with me for all of eternity . what was once a roof was now completely void of existence , and the walls now hosted an array of bougainvilleaproviding a home to yet another life in need . newline newline i crouched through the entrance , barely able to fit through , and stood amidst the fortsurveying what was left . the hammock now lied on the floor , and a stub of wax stood beside it . my desk of creativity still stood in its respective corner , albeit rotted , and the spacious chest that once held my belongings remained in tact . but none of that mattered to me in the moment . the fact that my fort withstood the test of time and still held strong was enough to fulfill me of hope . i draped a blanket on the floor and lied down , cherishing the azure sky which forever remains above . newlinebilly bob buzz was having a kickass day . i mean we are talking a classic , fullcupofhoney summer day . he had just stopped off at his favorite flower , did a bit of pollination , and totally buzzed around his favorite backyard . newline newline earlier that day , billy had a run in with hottiewithabody brianna bzzbzz and let s just say there were some kickass birdsnthabees happening , amirite you guys ? newline newline nothing could go wrong for billy bob buzz . newline newline nothing . newline newline so when billy bob buzz caught of a whiff of smoke and charcoal , he thought it d be a great idea to investigate . there were always sweet things around the smells , it was just a matter of finding the best stuff ! newline newline  bbbzzzbzzzbbbbzzzz  billy bob buzz said . damn , what an awesome day . oh , what s that smell it s kind of sweet , it s a bit acrid but that s okay , he though .  bzzzzzbbzzzzbbzzbzbzzzz  he wondered aloud , concerned about his wings suddenly slowing . he was losing altitude , he figured he better set down so as to not fall from the sky !  bzzzbzzzzzz ... ... zzz ... zz..  newline newline billy bob buzz touched down and rolled over . newline newline    newline newline  hey bob . you get that bee ! ?  newline newline  ohh hahaha yeah red . raid d that bee , man . we gots to find that nest !  newline newline  yeeaahhh ahhahaha maybe we can shoot at it ! terry pratchett wrote stories that have consistently entertained me every time i turn to them from 5 through to 23 . i believe his stories  and likely those future ones by his daughter too , who said she ll continue the series in an interview a while back i vaguely recall  will also continue to entertain me for the rest of my life . i learnt how to read by reading the colour of magic over and over and getting help off my dad to read it over time . newline newline no other writer on this planet has managed to capture my full and undivided attention and adoration for this long newline newline it saddens me that he has departed from this world , but he had an illness that was incurable and even he openly stated that he felt that if his mind fails beyond repair he would prefer death s embrace . newline newline i respect his decision . newline newline however , nobbut stops me mourning the man who inspired me the most to write for pleasure , and be unafraid of injecting comedy into my life , of making horrible puns , and being unafraid to admit that i will always love the fantasy genre . newline newline there s still books of his i have nt read . i will get to them one day . newline newline i want to write a snippet about him finally meeting death in person and they have a exchange , not with words , but a respectful nod at some point now , but now is not the time to write that . newline newline what else can be said but ... newline newline au revoirthey say that if you ve been forgiven for all your sins , when you die , you go to heaven . once there , you talk to the man upstairs aka god . newline newline well what if god came down to you ? newline newline i ve worked for the nypd for 15 years now and have solved countless crimes . from muggings in alleys to drunk barhoppers peeing on statues i am the first detective mentioned when a crime happens . newline newline i woke up on a bright sunday morning . the sun was high up and life just seemed good . my cup of joe was hot . the radio was playing my favorite tunes . i was ready to take on the day . newline newline when i got into work , my task was hand written and laid on my desk . newline newline the note read :  multiple religious scholars around the world have visions and dreams that god has left his post in heaven to roam the earth alongside humanity , making his temporary home in new york city . track down the almighty one and expose him .  newline newline what was strange is that the note was not addressed to me or anyone like our tasks usually are  it was only signed in illegible handwriting . newline newline i left the office and walked to the first place i expected to find god church . i walked into the chapel and saw rows and rows of ordinary people , bowing their heads and praying . but there was no god , at least not in physical form . i left the church and walked down the street . newline newline maybe god was in an alleyway feeding stray cats or helping cure an alcoholic ? newline newline nothing . newline newline i kept searching . i tried to pick up on supernatural hints that the lord was upon us . newline newline nothing . newline newline i decided to test my luck in the most unholy place i could think of  maybe god decided he needed to pay a visit . i walked down the sidewalk and down a flight of stairs . i was in the new york subway station . newline newline i purchased a ticket and walked to the boarding platform . it was dark in the tunnels and the people around me were still as hopeless as they had always been . it seemed like there was no holy touch here ... newline newline until a bright light appeared down the tracks . the glow caught my attention . no one else seemed to notice it . they just carried on with their lives as if this was an every day occurrence . the light kept getting brighter and brighter the longer i stared at it . newline newline i had to get a closer look . did i just discover god ? is he really so pure that he has a heavenly glow ? newline newline i jumped down onto the tracks and began to walk towards the glow . i was about to discover the truth . my ears filled with loud sounds . my face was blessed with a gentle breeze that grew stronger and stronger the closer i walked toward the light . and then the holiness hit me full on . newline newline my body felt like it was ripped off its own feet . i felt an incredible rush of wind and all of the noise became silent . it was bliss . the light disappeared for a second as everything went black . newline newline all of my pain and worries left my body . god must have wanted me to be completely at ease when i met him . i sat up and opened my eyes . there before me stood god himself . newline newlinei ca nt wait to get home . this thirty minute commute is an improvement over what used to be an hour , but it is just as torturing . leaning back , i rubbed my shoulders against the leather seat , taking small pleasure in the midst of displeasure . newline newline beeps and honks and shouts filled the highway around me . only half a mile until my exit .  ... and that beethoven s  the choral  , or symphony  9 . this is kqrs wishing you a quick and speedy commute  i turned the radio up , listening to the familiar voice of karen , the local newswoman for kqrs .  ... and we wish you a happy 4th of july !  newline newline i had forgotten . i smiled , finding solace in the realization that i would have just one more day off . and now i was at my exit . things were looking up , and i sped off the exit , approaching the green light . i hit my left turn signal and sighed as moonlight sonata trickled through my car speakers . i heard a screech to my right oh god that car is nt stopp who would have figured there was a dimension where they hadn  t invented lava lamps ? granted , they  re not some truly important invention that fills some gaping hole in society , but i mean , still , they practically defined a generation . anyway , once all the kinks were worked out and transdimensional travel bans were lifted , they were the reason i jumped at the chance to move over to another dimension , along with a lot of other entrepreneurs . newline newline you see , every earth seemed to have something unique to share , and something unique that was missing . i and likeminded individuals crossed through portals with everything from mini pizza bagels to smartphones to mri scanners , and made killings . alterearth products sold like hotcakes ! except for in that dimension that had never invented hotcakes , because you know , that obviously means it wouldn  t have sold well . newline newline i guess in all the excitement , i didn  t really stop to think how the move would negatively affect my family . i actually thought we  d adjusted great at first , i was making a lot of easy money , we had a much nicer house than in our home dimension , and this earth seemed pretty similar , all things considered . newline newline so imagine my surprise when my teenage son came home one day and started spouting all sorts of nonsense . i knew every dimension had lapses in product development , but basic facts , too ? i tried to sit down with him , to understand where he was getting these crazy ideas , but he just told me i was out of touch , i just didn  t understand . he  s a smart kid , so frankly it  s got me worried , he should really know by now that jet fuel can  t melt steel beams .the president smiled as he waved . smiled and smiled and smiled , his face lit up by the endless strobe of flashes and the cascade of camera clicks . it never seemed to end . it never should end . not after what he d announced . not after what he d done . they d be talking about this forever  no , they d be talking about him forever . the thought of it spread a warm tightness in his chest and helped him to hold his eyes open , even as the stinging and the blindness from the flashing became almost unbearable . newline newline  mr president , it cant  newline  dmitri , i do nt want to hear it .  newline it was 10 minutes before the press conference , and dmitri felt sick . and not in a good , toomuchvodkathepreviousnight , kind of way  this was a much more ohsweetmercifulgodpleaseletthisbesomekindofcosmicjoke bout of nausea . he could nt be serious . he could nt be fing serious . even for him , even for the president , this was a level of such absolute stupidity and disconnection from all things reality that he could nt possibly be newline  i m serious dmitri , and i want it done . i do nt care what it costs or what we have to do . it will happen .  newline  but sir , they dont  newline  it will be a part of the games dmitri .  newline  it s not  newline  the best part of the games .  newline  it does nt even  newline  my part of the games .  the president s eyes narrowed , and dmitri s futile protests curtailed into a gulp .  my idea . the greatest addition to the games in their entire history .  newline the aide tried in vain to speak .  sir , it cant  newline  i do nt want to hear ca nt  dmitri ,  the president cut across him with a wave of his hand ,  i just want to hear done  . do i make myself clear ?  dmitri could only stand there , trying hard not to look aghast . the other man gave a curt nod , then turned and walked away . newline well , thought dmitri . he stared glumly at a chip of paint peeling off the wall . guess it was time to resign oneself to one s inevitable death . newline newline after the announcement was made , the press went into a frenzy . such a thing was unheard of , stretching the limits of disbelief , borderline insane . people called it a joke , a farce , a symptom of crippling mental instability  they dismissed it , pointed out the logical flaws , or even took it as an insult . mostly though , they just laughed . laughed and laughed and laughed , in every home and every forum and every talk show in every corner of the world . it was a free meal ticket to every comedian in the world , and it was all directed at them  the glorious , ridiculous , monumentallyinsane nation of russia . newline newline and through it all , the president stood firm . he never backed down , never did anything that made it seemed like he had even the faintest flicker of a doubt . he believed , and nothing anyone else in any lesser country said could shake him of that belief . and it was that unwavering focus , that untouchable faith , that made a lot of people stop , maybe for only a second , and wonder . surely . surely not . it s not possible . he could nt be telling the truth . but ... maybe . maybe , just maybe , he d done it . maybe , just maybe , they could pull this off . newline newline and so it fell to dmitri . mere months before the opening ceremony , with whoknowshowmany other problems , failures , and uncompleted organisational trainwrecks already looming high over the games , dmitri was charged with doing the impossible . newline newline he was to create pokemon . newline newline real , actual , breathing , fucking , battling , namesquealing pokemon , just like the ones in those motherfcking video games , games which dmitri damned for ever having existed with every waking moment of his everdecreasing lifespan . they had to exist , and they had to exist in time for the games , or otherwise , said the president , he would be very displeased . and dmitri knew exactly what that meant . either he caught them all  , or the back of his head caught a bullet . probably 151 , just to be poetic . newline newline he approached the science department first . they d laughed uproariously at him , right up until he pulled out his cellphone , dialled the president , and told him that the science department had personally guaranteed him that they could have the pokemon ready in time for the games . then the laughter abruptly stopped , and terrified looks were shared by all except dmitri , who was simply out of fucks to give by now . if i m going down , he explained to them , then so is each and every fucking one of you . after that , they became substantially more helpful . newline newline unfortunately , helpful did nt necessarily translate into  pokemon  , in the same way that  terrified  did nt translate into  pokemon .  because nothing fucking translated into pokemon , as it soon turned out , because pokemon did nt exist and would never exist even if they somehow managed to make every technological breakthrough scheduled for the next century in a week and a half . still , they tried . they electrocuted a few rodents with batteries sewn hastily under their skin , and they threw any number of animals into nuclear reactors . they tried genesplicing everything they could get their hands on , and ended up with a lot of small piles of dead goop  which , with a flash of insight , an intern mixed in with a tin of purple paint and tried to label as  grimer  , but which in reality was fooling no one . then they tried nuclear waste , then abandoned nuclear submarines , then nuclear fuel rods , because if there was one thing russia had an abundance of , it was crappy nuclearrelated paraphernalia . and snow . may as well give snow a shot . they tried gluing snow to the biggest bird they could find and then spraying it with a misting hose in the siberian cold  but no , that did nt work either  not that they d really held out high hopes about that one  . newline newline they did have mild success in recreating a spinda , by getting a small bear , shaving and tattooing it , then force feeding the poor thing as much vodka as it could handle . but even that was more failure than victory  sure , the creature stumbled and weaved fairly accurately , but it also steadfastly to follow trainer commands and spent most of its time throwing up a lot . so that was at best tucked away into the  maybe  pile .sitting at my desk at work waiting for the clock to roll over to 5 i clock so that i can finally go home and watching the clock there until bed time . until time to come back to work . newline newline ticktock . ticktock . ticktock . newline newline 4:59 newline newline  god damn it , mike .  i exclaimed  it feels like time slows down the closer it gets to 5 oclock . ha ha .  i turn to my co worker , mike . he s acting as though he s moving in slow motion turning to look at me . newline newline tick . tock . tick . tock . newline newline i glance back at the clock , the second hand is also going very slow . 51 ... 52 ... 53 ... newline newline tick . tock . newline newline as my eyes look back to mike , he s come almost to a complete stop . as the second hand hits 59 seconds , mike is frozen . newline newline tick . newline newline  mike ?  newline newline i my eyes dart around the room . everything has stopped . newline newline my name is joshua white . for me , i m stuck in time . alone . newline newline i get up and walk from the office mike and i share . i walk past an assortment of cubicles , whitish cubes of boredom where employees spend their spare time surfing porn and watching cat videos on youtube rather than actually making calls and making sales . it s a mundane , deadend job , who can blame them for not trying that hard ? newline i step up to the elevator realizing everyone is stuck in time . i slap the down button whap but nothing happens . i decide to take the stairs , my second choice . newline newline it s what should be a cold november day . looks like weather took the day off too . i look up and down the streets . the busy traffic in atlanta , ga , forever buzzing by , busy people doing busy things in their busy lives have all stopped . frozen in place . i choose a direction . the direction i choose is left , which is south . walking , walking , walking . everything frozen but me . i reach a low end residential area where i come upon a little blonde girl in a white dress frozen less than 2 feet from the front end of a car . judging by the expression on the drivers face , he was not going to be able to stop in time  haha  to save this little girls life . newline newline i try to move her but she wo nt budge . she feels cemented to the ground . i feel sadness swelling inside but accept there s nothing i can do . i walk in to an old friends home in the neighborhood . her name is of no importance . all that matters is that at one point in time , she was my everything . in her living room i see a photo of her on the table .  i should have been there .  i reflect . newline she was stabbed in her way home from work one night in january . a botched robbery . she was never my girlfriend . just a close co worker . i used to walk her home but i left early that night for reasons i d rather not disclose . for the first time since she s died i allow myself a good cry . for how long i could nt say for obvious reasons but long enough . i compose myself , for who i do nt know , and i leave back to the street with the little girl . newline newline this time something is different . the girl is gone . the drivers twisted expression is still the same . newline nobody moved that little girl . she could nt be moved . i hear a child s laughter from what sounds like directly behind me . i whirl around to find nothing . my feet start moving . running . to or from what i have no idea . i m scared but i m concerned . where is she . up ahead around a corner i see her dress fluttering . i decide to chase her . i round the corner and see a door to some apartment buildings slam shut . i sprint there . gasping from exhaustion , as i m not very fit , i step through the door and walk cautiously down the main hallway . as i come to a stairwell i hear the laughter again . up this time . i creep up the stairs checking every door on the way up . locked . i reach the top to the roof twisting the door knob click click locked . i give up on my search and head back down defeated , until i pass a window that was closed on the way up , now open . i step on foot out and then another on to a rickety fire escape . up or down ? then i see her , she s down on the other other side of the street next to a fire hydrant . a slow descent to make sure i do nt fall and break my neck and i m finally grounded again . the only thing between us is the road sea and a flood of traffic . newline newline she motions for me to come over so i step in to the street . walking . i m tired . so tired . a yard away from her i stop . still in the road .  who are you ? why are the only other person who can move ?  newline newline she says nothing . her face expressionless . then i hear the laughter from her again . but her mouth never moved . she smiles , waves , and turns to run off . newline newline tock . newline newline 5pm and everything resumes . i feel pain for a few seconds . i hear tires screeching , people screaming , metal bending . and then nothing at all . newline newline ticktock ticktock ticktock ticktock . the st. nick of sixth avenue strikes again . good evening , i  m linda williams . for the fifth time in as many days , a child will have a rare and expensive new toy to play with , but her santaremains a secret  newline newline the news ain  t what it used to be . it  s more positive , more cheery . yeah , i know christmas is coming up , but who the hell leads a news broadcast with a story about a mysterious dogooder ? yesterday , it was the toy store with a line that went on for blocks . monday , the nigerian street vendor with twelve kids that won some stupid contest . newline newline  around the corner , we  ve got all the hottest gift ideas for you and your loved ones  newline newline look , it beats the stuff they used to show , no doubt . war in the middle east , school shootings every day , terrorist attacks . that stuff was a total buzzkill . but do you really mean to tell me that the most notable thing to happen in the world today was some overprivileged white girl getting a free stuffed animal ? newline newline  of which only fifteen will be released  newline newline give me a fucking break . newline newline the world  s been a real strange place lately . one day , we  re on the brink of world war iii . the next , everything is fine again and akihito is calling the shots . i have no idea what he told trump and the rest of the g8 at that emergency meeting , but whatever it was , it undid months of political turmoil overnight . just days after the president threatened to repeat the atomic bombings of world war ii , he was on the tv singing praises for the bravery and brilliance of the former japanese emperor . that  s right , former emperor  part of the concessions made at that summit was that akihito would be named grand chancellor of the group of eight , effectively promoting him from emperor of japan to emperor of the world . newline newline  by far the most popular toys this season  newline newline there  s something huge on the horizon , i can smell it . while the rest of the country is being sedated with christmas shopping and stuffed animals , the stench of treachery fills my nostrils like the raw odor of dry vomit . until that resolution was passed , social media was alight with what a terrible president trump was . fast forward four months and there  s not a peep about politics on twitter . no more shootings , no more war . everyone is seemingly content with their lives , and all they could talk about newline newline  furry cat , donkeytron , pengin , and even one called shoe ! linda , these japanese toys have made quite a splash in america  newline newline the remote fell out of my hand . i must  ve stared at that tv for an hour . newline newline  my god ,  i thought to myself .  they  ll never believe me . he d been here . in this very room , and harrison knew it . too often harrison would arrive , a smell of metal in the air from the blood soaked walls , just too late . she d be dead and he d be gone . her body covered in bite marks . newline but harrison was here in this room , and he knew who he d been chasing for three years , his white whale , had been here , without the smell of metal in the air . there was no blood here , for there was no victim . there was no victim because this was the killer s home , where he lived , and planned and plotted and prepared his sickening , haunting acts , acts that have stayed with harrison for over three years , three years of horror and hurt and turmoil which cost harrison his job . newline newline so here was harrison . alone , out of his depths and frankly a little afraid . no backup , no badge , no gun , not a good combination when in a serial killer s house . but he did nt care . he was excited , giddy almost , maybe even slightly euphoric that he , and he alone , had found this place . a dank , dirty hovel , poorly lit , photos of his victims on the wall . all young girls with chunks of flesh missing . the only furniture was a fridge which harrison dare nt look in . and a table , upon which sat a phone . an old fashioned rotary phone . and as soon as harrison noticed it , it began to ring . newline newline harrison held the receiver to his ear , but did nt speak . newline  is that harrison ?  the ringer asked . newline before answering  yes  harrison swallowed . newline newline  oh ...  the voice was almost dejected .  you found me .  newline harrison looked round the apartment . newline  not quite .  newline the voice chuckled a hearty chuckle . newline newline  oh that s right , i m sorry my friend , i ve just popped out for some dinner .  he said it so coldly that it froze harrison s blood . newline harrison stammered . newline newline  tell me harrison , do you recognise my voice ? because i recognise yours .  harrison snapped back , got his head in the game . newline newline  not yet , but i ll know all about you soon enough . as soon as this trace is done .  harrison lied and in response the voice erupted in laughter , mocking harrison . newline newline  ah you re running a trace are you ? are you attempting to lure me into conversation to keep me on the line ?  newline newline  yes we are running a trace . and you re keeping yourself on the line .  newline newline  oh you are indeed running a trace are you ? tell me about it . and tell me about this we  you so keenly refer to .  harrison tensed his back , an involuntary reflex everytime he was caught in a lie . the voice was relentless and carried on .  you and your friends at the department are tracing this call ? but wait that cant be right , you were disgraced and fired last year . yes , that s right .  the voice mused , playing with harrison . newline harrison s throat closed . newline newline  you know , i ve been waiting for this bitch to turn up for a couple of hours now , and male meat is nt really my taste , but seeing as some kindly walked itself into my home , i might just come home ... would you like that harrison ?  newline newline harrison was outside before the receiver hit the floor . i m not asking you to do it because it s easy , scott !  newline newline  and i m not opposed to this because it s hard , sir . i m opposed to it because it s fucking stupid !  newline newline  scott , just as a thought exercise , i want you to just try and pretend like i do nt give a shit about your opinion . can you do that ?  newline newline  look , we ve all got bosses and everything , but this is hands down the stupidest thing anyone in history has ever demanded of anyone .  newline newline  not really . in the sixties , plans were drafted to launch a nuke and detonate it on the moon .  newline newline  by who ?  newline newline  oh , this little country you ve probably never heard of called the united states of america !  newline newline  ... rich , you read an article on cracked . you ca nt site cracked when you re trying to convince a man with a goddamned phd in aerospace engineering to launch a few thousand tons of material into outer space to create a giant pair of overpriced headphones .  newline newline  wait , what ?  newline newline  i do nt want to put a giant pair of beats by dre on the moon !  newline newline  ... i said beets to stay on the moon . as in , hydroponics , food supply for a colony .  newline newline  i ... oh , ok , that makes ... . that makes significantly more sense .  newline newline  duh . jesus , steve , what are you , retarded ?  people like to talk . talk of ghosts , ghouls , stories of dead heroes who wake up . newline newline stories , that s all they are . or at least that s what they say . newline newline they look at paul , they say he s just shitheaded . i heard paul s words . tales of the dead who walk with us , they look like us , eat like us . i thought he was full of shit . newline newline then i saw it . after the story , he spoke slowly . newline newline look at that ,  he said . i did . newline newline as i looked to where he did , the figure of his shadow looked weird . tall , too tall . i looked to paul as he did it . he shifted . where he stood , was a wolf . newline newline paul is ... a werewolf !  newline newline i spoke the fake story as i looked up at the kids . a kid laughed , and looked like he was happy . i peered towards the kid , what was he happy for ? as i looked , he shifted , just the slightest little shift . his eyes were yellow . he was paul s kid . newline newline edit : harder then i expected . how long ! ?  newline newline i shifted uncomfortably under the combined gaze of my study group friends . the dr who posed the question , either klrdt or bill  i could never tell the two apart  quirked one eyestalk in a way that my new student orientation class told me was disbelief . newline newline  errm , three years , i think ? i do nt really know .  newline newline my affirmation sent them all into paroxysms of ... something . maybe laughter ? the dr waggled their eyestalks jovially at least . mike  clacked his mandibles in what i hoped was nt a menacing way . that shgopy flashed a kaleidoscope of colors , while froln remained as impassive as ever . newline newline  well ,  i say defensively ,  what s it like right after youre born or hatched or whatever ?  newline newline  we usually have breakfast and then a nap .  mike somehow managed to clatter out .  it is tiring work , chewing out of your own cocoon . but luckily , breakfast is right there . do you not eat your birthing sack ?  newline newline  well , humans give live birth so ...  i trailed off , but suddenly realized that i needed to be a little more explicit . after all , shgoppites do devour their mothers .  no , we ca nt eat solid foods for about a year .  newline newline the shgopy s translation device chirped in high pitch english ,  how long does your larval stage last , then ?  newline newline i shrugged , avoiding it s gaze . something about those giant multifaceted eyes just freaked me the hell out . newline newline  it s , err , not really a larval stage , per se ,  i began .  we just develop really really slowly . heck , a human child ca nt even lift it s own head for the first six months or so .  newline newline  ridiculous ,  said froln . the massive , tentacular hair ball wiggled a little further away .  mike set out for this university the moment he awoke from his nap . dr reach sexual maturity in hours . shgopittes join their herds the moment they can stand . i myself still have remnants of my birthgiver upon my coat .  newline newline i gaped at them all . i knew that the longest lived , the dr , has a max life span of about eight years , but i never considered what that ment for their development . newline newline  we do nt reach sexual maturity for a decade and a half  i mutter , more to myself than to my study mates .  and we are nt considered adults until we re eighteen .  newline newline mike  clacked his mandibles at that .  and all this time we thought your kind had , i do nt know , the wisdom of the ancients .   newline newline  so that s it then ... all that wasted time .  bill  pulled his eyestalks closer to his head , the equivalent of a human shaking his head .  i ca nt believe it took you three years to learn to shit in a bucket .  newline newline newline edit : spellingthe day she took them i prayed to god . i bartered with unseen imaginary forces . i offered every fiber of my being to be with them again : every day  like before . i cried . i screamed . newline newline eventually , i gave up on the notion of ever seeing them again , or at least have a normal relationship with them . my exwife would never allow it . i fucked up , and i knew it all too well . newline newline so i did what i always do when i m despondent , or happy , or just bored ... i headed to 616 : my goto hole in the wall . newline newline it s been 137 evenings in a row now that i ve gone there , and tonight was no exception . it could nt be . newline newline eve was there , as usual . she wore a skintight , almost bodypaintlike crimson dress that evening  a slight variant of all the others she s worn . this one was sleveless , and the freckles on her bare shoulders begged to be nibbled on . her skirt was even shorter than usual , and as she uncrossed her legs while chatting up a regular , her dutifully and professionally waxed slit seemed to reintroduce itself to me , just as its master gifted an all too purposeful smile in my direction . i loathed her . i fucked her in the bathroom again . she made me eat her until i almost passed out . i drank myself to sleep . newline newline i awoke to a strategically placed knee to my balls , which prompted my lungs and vocal cords to produce a feminine shriek  one that had repeated itself for the past three and a half months . newline newline  wake up , papi !  my youngest screamed into my ear as my oldest still laughed from his kneetotheballs wake up routine .  you said we d go get the nintendo switch today !  newline newline i got up  my balls still redescending from my throat . i gave them both the strongest hug i could possibly muster .  i love you with all my heart , boys . let s go get the switch !  they hugged me back just as hard , likely because of the present they were about to get and not the present i now get every morning . newline newline i do nt give a fuck if trump is president again tomorrow , or if another world war is declared , or if kim jong un is honored at the white house  ha ! that was an unexpected one today  . a lot of people suffer and die , only to be fine the next morning . newline newline the only constant is that , no matter where i wake up , my ex is dead and my oldest wakes me up with a strategically placed knee to the balls . newline newline oh . and eve .the boy s pupils dilate as his eyes reflect the bright blue glow of the plasma round heading straight towards him . the smile of his killer illuminated by the glow of his new weapon . newline newline sweat merely beginning the process of pouring , being evaporated by this bolt of azure tinted death . newline he closed his eyes , embracing his last seconds in a private eternity . newline a dull thud resonated as a body collided with the pavement . newline the boy opened his eyes to the crazed laughter of his wouldbe assailant . newline newline  no , no .  he cried as he witnessed his partner crumbled , unmoving on the cities floor . newline he rushed to his side , turning him over to reveal a charred hole replacing the former emblem embroidered on his chest . newline  no . kazoo man ...   a tear fell through the boy s wooden mask . finding rest on the leather hide he dressed in . newline  if only i had played my didgeridoo better ... if only i had done as you told me . he would have been so aghast at the marvels of my didgeridoo ... he would nt have taken the shot . he couldnt , have taken the shot .  newline newline the villain approached the body of the former hero and his companion . a dull thud with each step , gradually increasing in volume . his maniacal eyes glistening with joy . his face seemingly radiating a blue hue of ecstasy in tandem with his charging plasma rifle . newline newline he stood over the corpse and the boy turned man through ultimate loss . he said , in a low menacing voice.  do you know what they call me lad ? april fools .  newline bam newline newline confetti sprayed everywhere as the gun went off . newline kazoo man rose from his mock slumber and wailed on his kazoo . newline newline but poor didgeridoo boy , had a heart attack . newline brought about by a joke gone too far . newline all because ... he did nt play .  his didgeridoo . what do you hope to achieve ?  its voice both a whisper and a screech as he trudged forward . newline newline  achieve ?  he rasped .  who said anything about achieve ?  newline newline  then you are a fool ,  it tore at his soul with every syllable . newline newline his adversary released him .  a fool , i may be . but no greater a fool than you ...  he trailed off as his strength left him and he crumpled to the ground , next to his broken weapons . newline newline the wraith paused for a moment , savoring the moment and his recently acquired soul . considering what the human had meant the wraith resumed draining the catacombs of the voluptuous souls : adding to his already considerable power . newline newline more would come . newline newline he knew .the world was yours to have my sons . i dreamed of the days in which you would play in the fields of krypton and bask in the glory that is our world . look to that ridge there . my father took me there to learn of the wonders of krypton s fauna , and where i began my interest in science . the building over there is where first met your mother and held a thousand tales that i can now never tell . newline newline now here we stand at the precipice of krypton s doom , and now i have to decide which of you gets to live , and the other to stay ... the day you were both born , i had never knew such happiness . van , your cry was loud and boomed so that the very foundation shook beneath my feet . kal , yours was a timid sound that had to press you to my shoulder to hear . newline newline this craft i made was designed to hold one , and kal you shall be the one to ride . van , you shall lend me my final strength to send your brother off . he is weak , he is timid , and he shall be persecuted wherever he shall go . kal , i send you because you shall value the inner strength you hold . may the earthlings teach you to be humble , may they remind you to be a greater man than they . van i hold you because you hold our hope . if we survive , you may be a last of a great race and can find the strength to move . newline i love you both my sons and may krypton forever guide you . newline newline now that kal is gone van , may i have the strength to newline newlinei woke up with a start . it all came back to me  as it always did . i saw the driver , the impact , my crumpled body . newline newline and with a deep and heavy sigh , i made up my mind . newline newline my mother walked into the room , surprised that i was already up .  excited for your first day at your new school ?  she asked , smiling . newline newline i could nt even muster an answer . newline newline she frowned , closing the door with care . i showered , my face against the stream , as the water mixed with tears . newline newline i got to school . walked to the entrance , hoping against hope that somehow ... it would be different . that she would nt see me . newline newline  hey fool ,  a voice said behind me , and i felt my heart drop . newline newline i turned to see the most beautiful girl i d ever seen , looking at me with a mischevious grin . a sight i d never be able to forget . newline newline  want to ditch this place ?  she asked , nodding at the school . newline newline she looked like the best kind of trouble . newline newline  olivia , i m sorry ,  i said , forcing the words out ,  but i just ca nt .  newline newline she grabbed me before i could go .  how do you know my name ?  newline newline i shook my head , realising the error i d made . newline newline  please , just let me go .  newline newline she peered into my eyes , as i looked into hers . crystal blue . so much depth to them , so much pain . newline newline  come on , i just want some company ,  she said , as her face softened ,  i m just feeling really low today .  newline newline she grinned .  besides  i think you re really cute .  newline newline i stared at her , glancing once back at school . i felt my heart beat faster , louder . newline newline maybe this time , it would work out . maybe wed work out . newline newline maybe this time , i could stop her from losing her mind . newline newline  newline newline rcroatianspy transmission start  newline newline this is lt. yise valnut , lone survivor of the zfk tomma . newline newline six hours ago our ship docked with the extraterrestrial craft that entered our solar system approximately 3 solar cycles ago . it took the tomma one lunar cycle from launch date to dock with the craft . visual inspection confirmed what the bzzzt back on zenophan had been saying for months , the extrasolar object is of artificial origin . we attached the ship to what we presume was one of the craft s docking nodes and burned through the bulkhead to access the interior . our first impression on entering the ship was that it was derelict . there was no activity or gravity until we entered what we believed to be the main ring section of the ship . strange , semitransparent rectangles ran along the walls and ceiling glowing a dull red color . we found the two creatures when we reached some kind of intersection . both were in transparent tubes filled with fluid . the creatures remakrably did not appear to have scales or an exoskeleton of any kind and while certainly the same species , had profound differences in their body structure . captain xerve bashir decided to open one of the stasis pods using our sampling laser . that was our first mistake . as soon as the glass separated from the rest of the tube , the atmospheric pressure in the room increased to levels nearly strong enough to cause environment suit failure . the creature flopped out of the tube and began convulsing on the floor . a whitish fluid flowed from what we presume to have been its mouth . we could hear a shrill screech through our helmets as the pressure increased , whether or not it was the creature i will never know . some of the red lights on the walls seemed to increase in brightness and began rotating rapidly . we covered the creature in bzzzt bubble in an attempt to protect it from the deteriorating conditions , and attempted to attach monitoring equipment in order to ascertain its condition . this was our second mistake . the creature had strong internal electrical activity and continued to shudder as ice crystals formed across its skin . then , abruptly the movement and electrical activity stopped and did not return . while we were distracted with the first creature the fluid in the tube behind us drained and the creature within it awoke . it let out a cry of some sort the likes of which we had never heard before , though it sounded vaguely like a bzzzt . it pushed past us trying to reach the dead creature . this is when we made our third , and final mistake . ensign salay wertoo attempted to stop creature by grabbing one its upper limbs . the creatures face twisted as it hurled the ensign against the wall with enough force to crack his exoskeleton . it then grabbed another ensign and began digging the manipulators on its upper limbs into the ensigns helmet . as long as i may live i will never forget what happened to the ensign s head . after that , we scattered down the corridors . no matter where we ran it could chase us , no matter where we hid it found us . while we fumbled in the dark it could see us , while we struggled in the zero gravity areas of the craft it moved with grace . the captain was the last member of our crew i saw die . his foot caught on a piece of metal sending him spinning in the air . the creature , its skin coated the green and blue blood of our crewmates plowed into the captain and slammed him into the wall . i then watched as the creature ripped the screaming bzzzt in half . i slipped away before i could see what the creature would do to him next . i then found myself where i am now . tucked into ventilation shaft in a corridor where i found more of the tubes . dozens , hundreds maybe of these unstoppable killing machines . killing machines that are coming for all of us . they are stronger , faster , and more agile than any creature on zenophan . they are the perfect predators . the toma s computer informed me that this craft has begun decelerating , and is no longer on an extrasolar trajectory . instead , it is going to settle into orbit of zenophan in approximately bzzzt . time grows short , soon the creature will find me . i only hope this message can reach the high command and warn them of the danger this craft poses . newline newline this is lt. yise valnut signingajkhfgbahknefiasfjafbueabylvoawcvuailcba newline newline  transmission lost though realtime chat was difficult due to the complexity of our languages , our top researchers had nt slept for nearly a week to get the greatest supercomputers for stream language work to allow realtime communication . newline newline as the first communications fell in , the message read as follows : newline newline  hello earth  . we are a people like yours , citizens of your universe . may we land ?  newline newline the debate stewed within the world government and they all agreed that , in spite of the danger , they likely had the capability to land regardless of what we wanted , so the least we could do was to throw out a welcome mat . newline newline as their ship landed in central park , the decided upon bestimpression of humankind , a single figure emerged . newline newline  hello . do not be alarmed , i have changed my form to fit your culture better . i have a message .  newline newline the sleek figure was almost a caricature of a human . more than six feet tall , incredibly fit , but with an animestyle head . the incredibly disconcerting alien began to speak . newline newline  we have been searching for sentient life for more than ... 12 billion of your years , though it was an instant for our species . either we are both before the final end , or we are both past it . in either case , we must prepare .  newline newline  prepare for what ?  asked the scientist at the head of the project , quaking in his boots . newline newline  to prepare for what happens after the end , of course .  newline newline  newline newline after decades of deliberation , we know that it was nt a mistranslation . the universe has entered entropy , though we may never see the other side . we ve done our best to send our history through , but we have no idea how effective it ll be . see us on the flipside .after years of fighting with his nemeses , endless hours of toil , bruce wayne had finally stumbled on a strand of information that he believed would finally lead him to understanding . an understanding of their madness . the joker , the riddler , scarecrow , penguin , even mr . freeze all had a peculiar taint of insanity . he thought , nay , believed that this stain might be traced to a single place : arkham , massachusetts . little did he know that his investigations would only lead to the shattering of his mind in the face of a horrors that had lain dormant for eons . this is the record of the end of bruce wayne , and his descent into the persona of what we call the batman . newline newline it all began with a strange incident in the far away metropolis of gotham . bruce had donned his cape and armor to spend the evening brawling with the joker  s latest group of lackeys . yet , something was amiss . as he slashed his way to center of the gang  s headquarters , he noticed that many of the bandits had abandoned their simple clothes in lieu of dark flowing robes that concealed their movement . within minutes , he found himself in the inner sanctum , at the edge of a circle of men chanting in a language that seemed older than civilization . his mind filled with unimaginable images of terror from beyond this world . a batarang loosed at the time of bruce  s entrance ended the trance , and he saw the leader of the ritual crumple to the ground as his mind again adjusted to common existence . newline newline as bruce sifted through the numb bodies of the acolytes , he realized that the leader of the horrific rite came from a peculiar place : arkham . a town containing the alma matter of mr . freeze and the riddler , the whaling business on which the penguin  s ancestors had made their fortune , and the farm on which scarecrow  s relatives had eked out a meager living . it was time . time for bruce wayne to explore the secrets of that ancient seaside town . newline newline he arrived during a particularly bad winter storm , on a particularly gray and menacing week of the year . a bad omen some would say , but not him . bruce wayne was a man of logic and reason , even if he could not quite eliminate the horrors he had seen those months before crawling at the edge of his vision . newline newline he began with a visit to arkham university in order to find the root of his nemeses  madness . to his surprise , all records of their attendance had been expunged . yet , it did not seem as though their names been removed by those trying to maintain the reputation of the college . it was though these two men , dr. victor fries and edward nashton , had simply never existed . after an exhaustive search he finally found nashton  s undergraduate thesis on the mysteries of the countryside near this portentous town , misplaced in the fantasy section . it began simply with questions about the history of the region , but quickly devolved into rambling and writing in strange symbols that he did not understand . as he delved deeper into the tome the glyphs became seared in his mind and he began to hear the same chanting he recalled from that ominous day in gotham . he felt himself drawn to a dark , deep place near the seashore . as he felt his mind unravel , bruce wayne shut the book . he knew where he needed to go . newline newline days later , bruce had assembled the supplies he needed for the expedition to fordwain  s cove , some ten miles outside the village boundary . on a dreary , misty day he made the journey to the overlook . hours later he found himself drawn deeper and deeper into the complex of endless caverns . he took one turn after another , seeming to lose himself in the cave  s passageways . in time , he found that the temperature had grown warmer , the walls smoother than the natural passageways in which he had begun his saunter . in quality they were beyond the work of man , yet lay deeper than human history would allow . what matter of beings had created this place ? he had to know to preserve his sanity . newline newline as bruce pressed on , the passageways began to glow a faint and wrenching bluegreen light . he found himself passing strange shapes and objects floating above the ground , seemingly having no purpose other than to defy reason . otherworldly diagrams covered the walls . images that he could not even begin to understand . after what seemed like an eternity , his body reaching past the limits of endurance of an ordinary man , he found himself in the center of a vast amphitheater . as his eyes adjusted , he saw a massive object hanging at the core of the massive space . yet , it was no mere piece of architecture . to his shock , bruce noticed huge leathery wings erupting from the mass . it continued to slowly rotate until he spotted a vast and terrible face lining up with his own . one by one the eyes of the massive beast began to open as bruce was frozen in apprehension of the horror he had awakened . a scream erupted , louder than anything he had ever heard , awakening some primal fear that he had never even knew existed . newline newline he ran . back through the passageways to the surface . he heard explosions cracking the caverns behind him , triggered by the tripwires he had set on the way down . one by one , the creature would burst through each new blockage or find a path around it . for what seemed like an eternity , he felt the monster at his heels . he thought that it had began to grasp his ankle as he reached the surface . he would be the first death at the dawn of a new era . an era after the existence of man . to his relief , he felt the last round of explosions sealing the cave for eternity . he heard a feint echoing in the depths as the ground shook . first strongly , then fainter and fainter , as the creature returned to its endless slumber . newline newline bruce wayne rose from the shockwaves a changed man . he had gazed into the abyss , and felt the madness of his nemeses . from this day forward it would not be him who ruled his body and his mind . it would be the batman . the one who had seen the horrors of the world beyond our own , and lived to tell the tale . newlinethey came in silence and they left without a trace . except for a small charred plot of land in northwest missouri . arrived with the intent to observe , to try and discern patterns . to understand humanity  s actions in context . not necessarily with a desire to exploit or to conquer , but simply to reflect on how they as a species compared . newline newline to comprehend how a people came to control their natural surroundings . to become the dominant species on an otherwise hostile world . an alien species forced to search for more , to find extraplanetary means of survival . staying in their home becoming increasingly untenable . unable to adapt to the varying conditions that wreaked havoc on their populace . newline newline so they just sat back and watched . watched as we extracted our means of survival from the ground . the sustenance , the shelter , the medicine and the technology . using our intellect to create the artificial . to take back control from the elements . they watched as the world took its toll on humanity . watched humanity fight back . and win . newline newline but they also watched humanity  s inability to live with itself . that the ability to conquer your surroundings doesn  t necessitate prosperity . that as hard as you try , the natural element rears its head . and they observed the violence . sat back in awe at the great disregard for human life . the wars , the genocides , the cruelty . newline newline they left as the sun was rising . arrived back to their planet by the time their own sun started to set . a council sat in a great underground bunker , the atmosphere on the surface incapable of supporting life . waiting for some great insight . and the explorers asked one simple question :  is it inherently necessary that we become something greater than ourselves ?  newlineit started with the advent of cloning . scientists were delving further and further into stem cell research , going as far as to harvest stem cells from living fetuses . law was passed to allow this morally grey act as there were now methods to ensure the fetus  health after a hefty cell  harvest  . with each month , what they were doing in the wombs of women became more and more grotesque . they wrapped and dressed it in their medical vernacular to hide the reality : they wanted a higher yield . newline newline at first , the public thought it strange that all stem cell research in the past year had been purely to improve harvesting methods , then the public stopped caring . prolife advocates had given up on fighting stemcells , their main focus even now is abortion rights . newline newline once the dust settled about the controversy , a mathematician from ann arbor , michigan published a paper stating that current harvesting methods were as cost efficient as they will ever be with current technology . with hundreds and hundreds of researchers abandoning their nowfruitless projects , there was a sudden surge in novelty within the research community . though many researchers returned to older projects , those projects were nt the ones to take the world by storm . newline newline in munich , germany , they legalized stem cell farms . pregnant women would be hired to give birth in a facility where their fetus  stem cells could be harvested . one privatelyowned farm , the munich stem cell farm , could not keep hospitallevel cleaning standards within their facilities  as such , mothers and their children began to die . the coverup lasted two months before it even hit the local newspapers . newline newline the public was enraged , the farms were bombed , and the neighboring facilities were shut down . fires were set around the homes of the facility administrators . the administrators were targeted and attacked in public . it did nt take long before over half of them were hospitalized . german government stepped in to provide protection , but current events had escalated too high . those that remained healthy fled to other countries to evade the vigilantes . then , happened the first administrator s death  . newline newline it was on a live television talk show . johan winheim was answering a question when an audience member walked onto the stage with a gun , shooting him twice in the chest and twice in the leg . the famous footage of the first immortal man was broadcast first to all of munich . johan stood up , took the gun out of the mans hand , and shoot him twice in the face , then sat back down to finish his sentence . johan never again appeared to the press . newline newline rumors spread throughout the internet about immortality . how they had some connection to the stem cell farms in munich . various  tomb raiding  groups , mainly teenagers with gps devices , decided to break into the condemned farms and look for clues . weeks after the  immortal broadcast  , as youtube had branded it , people were claiming that they had confidential documents from the farms . with each leak , the user making the claim would only appear on the forum they posted it on once . this made it easy for people to brush it off as a prank , but often when files were posted , they were removed immediately . newline newline months later , a popular japanese conspiracy theory bbs was the only consistent source of information on the matter . one theorist ,  , literally  mr . password  , drew a connection from all the files posted . loosely translated , his last post before disappearing : newline newline   it seems that the deaths of the babies were intentional , the mothers  were nt . counting the number of postlabor baby deaths , we see that there were exactly as many dead babies as there are administrators . it s like they each got a dead baby of their very own . i ve yet to find anything interesting about the loads of prelabor baby deaths . i ll keep doing my best !  newline newline the day after this post , adam levi , former researcher for the the munich stem cell farm made a personal statement from his new home in albuquerque , new mexico . he posted it to reddit , citing the post by mr . password . newline newline   my name is adam levi and i took part in the sinful experiments in munich . we had discovered the key to immortality . johan winheim was the first of our staff to undergo the procedure . we took fresh human children and killed them . we had a 10minute window to prepare each body before ... before converting  them  into a gewlbe  . it was the name we gave to this new organ we invented . the organ would develop quickly within the span of hours . human stem cells are magical things . they allowed us to integrate the organ as if it naturally belonged in us .  newline newline this post was followed by a livestream feed from his webcam . adam levi took a kitchen knife , carved out his stomach , reached in with a smile , and out pulled a baby corpse woven in flesh and drenched in his blood . livestream took down the recorded footage immediately and banned the channel . adam levi was pronounced dead later that day . the coroner ruled that his cause of death was actually from a bullet wound he had in the violent weeks back in munich . during his gory livestream , he had unintentionally severed the gewlbe . newline newline world governments held an assembly in paris , france to discuss immortality . though it was unanimous that immortality research should be considered a crime against humanity , it was quite clear that every world military had already begun investing in immortal soldier projects . johan winheim and the other administrators were never heard from again , though rumors have cropped up occasionally of sightings in london , russia , and south korea . newline newline now , only ten years later , the world has nearly forgotten about us .is it the hand or the gun ? newline newline newline i  ve always wondered which of the two had the power . newline sometimes i like to think of myself as a scientist . i  m a scientist of human reaction . i  m pretty sure real academic scientists would study a human  s reaction to a gun in their face if they could . i mean , they cut animals up . i  m pretty much doing what they wish they could . i  m curious by nature  i always have been . newline newline newline i learned about the progression of fear pretty early . animals have it . there is hesitation , caution trust , panic in their capture , wild fear , and then nothing . the wild reaction of life turns into a blank stare of death so quickly . it  s amazing . being the inquisitive man i am , i had to know the difference in how people react . for months i researched , and i found that it really depends on the person . sometimes the pattern isn  t that different from a dog or a cat  s , other times there is a rapid fire of emotions in their face when they know they are going to die . i love the surprise of it . newline newline newline i always wondered though , is it me or the gun ? which of us holds the power ? i could kill them with my hands , and that would be only me , but there is something in their face when they see the heavy metal of the gun . it is symbolic in a way that i can never be . newline newline newline i know i probably drink too much , but it is the only way i can quiet everything that is going on in my head . i think it has to do with the fact that i capture information so easily . that  s why i never went to college  there is no way they can teach me something i don  t already know . i like the phrase  ignorance is bliss.  people just don  t know how lucky they have it . anyways , the alcohol helps . newline newline newline i was drinking the night i decided to see once and for all which one of us had the power . i  ll admit , i probably had a little too much . i remember sitting in my room wishing the snow would stop . people don  t go out to be killed during snow storms , and i can  t see if there are new ways people can die . like my brain does , it got to thinking that there was a way for me to see if the gun had the power . i think i looked down at it for a long time trying to be afraid of it . nothing happened . i was winning . i held it up to my head . still no fear . there was a fulllength mirror propped against the wall , and i walked over to it so i could watch my own eyes . the alcohol weighed down my lined eyelid and gravity pulled at the loose skin of my cheeks . looking at myself with only a snowblurred streetlight hitting half of my face made the line look deeper . in all the things i saw in the mirror , i didn  t see fear . so i pulled back the hammer . nothing still . finally , when i put my fingertip against the familiar place on the trigger , i saw a flash of something . newline newline newline that was the last thing i remember until i woke up on the thin , stained carpet in a pool of every imaginable type of fluid that could come out of me . i was stone sober , and the clarity told me i was not alone . there was a rattling sound that bounced in echo around my small room . it was a sound i remember from my youth . it was the sound of the phlegmfilled breath of my grandmother right before she died . this rattle was layered though , as if it was there were a thousand snotchoked breaths . newline newline i couldn  t move when i felt it rub against my body . everywhere it touched felt as if it had been pressed against ice for too long . somewhere in my mind i wondered what would happen if most of my body got frostbite . where its grip was cold , its breath was hot . it was like the blast of air from an opened sewage manhole  putrid . newline newline newline  i neeeed you . i want you.  its voice was the pop of a fire over a tunnel of muffled screaming . newline newline newline and then it was all gone , and i could move again . i know i went through my own series of reactions in response to thinking i was going to die there in my own mess . i have seen the variations enough to feel it on my own face , but the experience was a real eye opener . newline newline newline that was a week ago , and i still feel like whatever that was is still hiding somewhere around me . the snow started melting this morning , so i am cleaning up the old gun and going out . wondering where the power was between me or the gun seems so silly now . newline newline newline i  ll tell you what though , there is something so nice about feeling wanted . newlinethe planet was first spotted twelve years ago . newline newline the astronomers had , at first , seen only a large body on a course that would take it inside the solar system in two years . it was arriving from  above  the system plane , the path that all the other planets of the system traveled in . this why we had no seen its approach for so long . well , that and it did not shine like a star or a comet . newline newline the planet was a massive ice ball as it was caught by the sun s gravity . now , the rogue planet has taken an elliptical orbit around the sun , at eighty eight degrees from the normal path taken by the rest of our worlds . newline newline it only took a decade of being so close to the sun to liquidate the ice . now , after getting ready for ten years , we are going to visit our newest fellow planet , poseidon . newline newline  roger , control , we also show green light status across the board.  said mission commander sabina anna markov . newline newline commander markov grinned at her copilot . newline newline major nigel terrence smith grinned right back newline  i can not wait to see what the surface looks like , in person . do you think that we shall see any land masses , commander ?  newline newline sabina answered  perhaps , nigel . we only arrived in parking orbit an hour ago . still , i have hope ...  newline newline the best of the best was represented by the mission . the commander was from new russia , while major smith hailed from great britain . newline newline the rest of the crew was representing the usa , japan , the mezzo american republic  rma  , china , australia and the fertile crescent alliance  fca  . the best that the year twenty sixty one  2061  had to offer was aboard . newline newline forty one minutes later ... newline newline lieutenant aamir rashad called out  land ! i see land in grid aa23h47 !  newline newline there it was , just as the fca geological specialist said . newline newline it sat in the eye of one of the many storms that wracked poseidon . newline newline it was the first time humanity had ever seen a beach , a real beach , on another world . newline newline commander markov said  da . i see it . good eyes , aamir . jones ? send a drone down , immediately .  newline newline the american , lieutenant harold  duke  jones , a knowledged and the wss  prometheus  shuddered a bit as the drone was forcefully launched from the drop rails . newline newline more in a bit .i woke up to exaggerated moaning and looked over to see my roommate crouched down by my bed , his face illuminated by his laptop . newline newline  are you jerking it ?  i said newline newline  no  he said after a pause that meant he was . newline newline  the signal reaches your bed  newline newline  it even works out in the hall  said someone from the hall newline newline  yeah i have a full signal out here  said someone else newline newline  i only have a half signal  said a third person newline newline  ok but i m already kind of doing my thing here sooooo .  said my roommate newline newline i sighed and rolled over . newline newline  newline newline in class the teacher drones as various joints jab into my body . no matter how often i tell them , people never seem to realize how far the signal reaches . newline newline not that i should complain . the school pays me to take certain classes . not a lot of money , definitely way less than setting up a shit ton of ethernet cables , but still , money . newline newline  ah man the signals out  this happens sometimes , i have no control over it . they do nt know this and they seem unwilling to learn . newline newline  just give it a second  i said newline newline  remember when you could just turn things on and off again ?  said someone behind me newline newline  well we could still technically do that  newline newline  how so ?  newline newline  well we could just knock him out  newline newline  please do nt  i said as a heavy textbook crashed into the back of my head and everything went dark . newline newline water splashed against my face and i sat up breathing heavily . i was on the floor at the front of the class . everyone was looking at me . newline newline  signals back up  newline newline i sighed and lay back down again . newline newline  newline newline i was walking towards the campus clinic when a van screeched to a stop in front of me . the panel door slid open and a guy in a mask aimed a shotgun at me . newline newline  i actually just look like the wifi guy  i said before he fired . newline newline a beanbag round hit me in the head , knocking me to the ground . newline newline  you re not supposed to shoot him in the head , it might fuck up the wifi  said the driver newline newline  right  said the gunman . he got out of the van and walked over to me , aiming the shotgun at me . newline newline  just give it a second  i said before he fired a bean bag round into my gut and i passed out . newline newline  newline newline i woke up in a cheap motel room . i sat up rubbing my head and looked around . someone was sitting at the desk on a computer . newline newline  sorry about that  newline newline  where am i  newline newline  probably best you do nt know . and done  newline newline  great  said the gunman rising from the corner with the shotgun . newline newline  is that really necessary  i said as he fired it at my head knocking me off the bed newline newline  was that necessary ?  said the computer guy newline newline  now that i think about it probably not  newline newline  newline newline the panel door slides open and they toss me out onto the sidewalk in front of my dorm room . newline newline  your government thanks you  said the gunman newline newline  we ll be in touch  said the driver newline newline  no that s ok  i mumble into the sidewalk as they peel off . newline newline i lay there for a minute then forced myself up and went back to my room and fell face down on the bed . newline newline there was a knock on the door . newline newline  what  i said . newline newline  i saw you were tossed out of a van . did the government take your wifi away ?  newline newline  no  newline newline  awesome  newline newline across the room i heard my roommate open his computer .faith glanced towards him , a resigned smile on her lips . newline newline  you re letting a lot of gold slip away .  newline newline hilary flint seemed to sink down behind the sandbag wall , head cradled in his helmet . it was if he d just seen his boyhood dog get hit by a car . newline newline  i know ...  newline newline  money than you ll likely ever see again .  newline newline   i knooowwwww ... .   newline newline faith was unrelenting . newline newline  and we re also probably gon na die very soon . a witch and a ranger had hardly expect to hold off an entire cohort of salamanders .  newline newline flint shot her a look that a bear might a particularly persistent fly .  usually i m the cynical one  why the change of attitude ?  newline newline faith shrugged and reached into her satchel to pull out a slim scroll . unrolling it she scanned its contents , refreshing her memory as to the correct instructions detailed .  this ... partnership of ours only works when one of us is the idealist and the other the cynic . since you just threw away the offer of a lifetime of riches and luxuries for a few hundred refugees who owe you nothing , i figured i d best return this pairing to its natural setting .  newline newline flint snorted at her words , but he did stand a little straighter . newline newline  i hate it when you get a regal and haughty on me , you sound like a brat .  newline newline  well i d rather by a stuckup elf than a mopey man any day ,  faith argued .  ... i agree with what you did by the way , even if i do nt care for the likely results . i do nt think i would have sacrificed myself for them even just a year ago .  newline newline flint worked the bolt of his rifle open , checking that it was loaded before slamming the bolt shut and flicking the safety on .  yeah well , that s growing up i guess . either you become a better person or you do nt . i m just tired of having to do this same old shit  saving the day or holding the line against tall odds gets old after the first six times . i m just wondering when someone else will do the heavy lifting .  newline newline flint had persuaded the fleeing refugees to abandoned their possessions they did not absolutely need to survive , and as a consequence stood behind a solid wall of hand carts , wagons and countless pieces of furniture . the narrow canyon was tight enough that eight horses abreast would have trouble riding down its length , its sides too steep and too treacherous to climb . any advance would have to come straight down the devil s throat and towards their waiting guns . bags of cornmeal formed firing steps whilst lengths of barbed wire that d had previously corralled cattle crisscrossed the stretch of road in from the wall . flint looked on at them with a faint amount of satisfaction . they d managed to get the retreating farmers and craftsmen to contribute that much to the cause , as doomed as it was . newline newline the salamanders were at least a halfday behind the tailend of the fleeing refugees , their legions too large and too slow to make a quick pursuit . but they d get there sooner or later , and flint had never seen a forced march fail when led by a salamander general . newline newline faith nudged him out of his reverie , her eyes bemused . newline newline  whatcha thinking ?  newline newline  thinking how big of a fool i am ,  flint lied .  thinking about how i would ve spent that gold . god that was lot of gold ...   i m in .   newline newline   zorg , tell me about this body .   newline newline   it s a bipedal . has two fine motor limbs . requires earth s atmospheric composition .   newline newline   that s all you got ?   newline newline   correct , sir . you ll be the first one to ride one .   newline newline   okay.. lets see ... no manual found in brain . what an odd structure . their brain seems to be wired so that everything is interconnected .   newline newline command : open visual source . newline newline white light . blinking red light in left peripheral . newline newline   zorg , does nt this have an autopilot ?   newline newline   no sir , you will be creating those .   newline newline   zorg , where am i getting this visual from ?   newline newline   this comes from a limb protruding from the top . they call it the head , sir .   newline newline command : turn head left . newline newline red light displaying odd symbols . newline newline   zorg , translate !   newline newline   it appears to be a numerical system , most likely used to inform humans of the angle of the sun relative to their locations .   newline newline command : accept all input streams . newline newline beeeep . beeeeeep . beeeeeeeeeeeeeeep . beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep . newline warmth bottom to threequarters of entity . left fine motor limb is perpendicular to entity . right fine motor limb is  . visual source is slowly growing in pain . newline newline command : close visual source . newline newline visual source is no longer in pain . newline newline   zorg , where is my right limb ?   newline newline   it appears to be beneath your entity , sir .   newline newline command : extend rightlimb . newline newline right limb flies out to perpendicular to entity , similar to left limb . newline newline right limb floods with pain . newline newline   zorg ! ow ! this hurts .   newline newline   sir , it appears that with the entity on top of the limb caused the limb to have a restricted blood flow .   newline newline   so this thing , on top of not having a manual guide , is stuck using a veined blood system ?   newline newline command : contract leftlimb . newline newline the tip of the left limb , with five digits , begins to curl up . the base of the digit turns inwards . then the limb s extension folds in half . the closer of the two extensions is straight up in the air . newline newline   zorg , how many organs contracted against each other ?   newline newline   it appears that there are one push to one pull organ , sir .   newline newline command : release leftmotorlimbcloserextension . newline newline the left limb drops , the rest of it , still contracted . newline newline edit : on mobile , but i have to get to work . i will come back to finish this later.. also my first submission . newline newline 2nd edit : work sucks , i know . she left me roses by the stairs , surprises lets me know she cares .his first thought before he opened his eyes was the itch in his beard that he could not scratch . the steel rails rattled against the bedside and the straps on his wrists tightened as he tried to raise his arms . the muscles inside his legs burned with battery acid . his mouth tasted of dirty steel and he could smell it when he breathed . the lamp above his head was close enough to make out the hissing from the filaments . the light from the bulb fought through his eyelids and colored their insides pink and what little opening he allowed felt like bleach coming through the nozzle of a pressure washer . he tucked his chin into his shoulder joint and rubbed the spot in his beard back and forth until the itch was gone and the next thought that went through his head was how come he was nt dead . newline newline a pair of footsteps moved on the slick hallway floor and turned and squeaked as they entered through the doorway . the man in the bed stopped fidgeting and waited to hear a voice . he was not ready to test his eyes again . newline newline the footsteps drew closer . he could hear the scratching of a pen to paper on a plastic clipboard . he felt a body lean over him . newline newline  sounds like you re finally awake ,  the voice said . newline newline  where the hell am i ?  said the man . newline newline  you re in a hospital . you ve been here quite a long time . we were wondering if you d ever come out of it .  newline newline  are you a doctor ?  newline newline  i m the attending physician on staff , yes .  newline newline  what s wrong with my eyes , doc ?  newline newline  your eyes ?  newline newline  they re burning . i ca nt open them .  newline newline  that s because you have nt used them in three weeks ,  the doctor said .  they re going to be very sensitive until you can adjust . i can dim the lights .  newline newline the man moved his body on the bed and his arms shook the posts they were tied to . he waited for the doctor to tell him but the doctor continued writing on his clipboard and had already forgotten to adjust the lights . the man sighed heavily and finally said ,  are you going to tell me what the hell is going on ?  newline newline  ah , yes ,  the doctor said .  i m sure you have quite a few questions . i ll be happy to tell you all about it .  newline newline and the doctor did tell him all about it . about the lethal injection and how his body refused to accept it . and how they kept at it , dialing up the dosage and checking the iv lines and waiting for his body to just die already goddammit and when it would nt die and instead continued convulsing on the table they signaled with their thumbs to do it up more . twice the amount this time . and how he bled through his ears and his nose and how after 45 minutes the doctor at the prison had to run in and beg them to stop . and how he was rushed to the hospital and how his veins were clogged with enough potassium chloride to kill an entire prison block . and how the doctors at the hospital , instead of letting him die like he was sentenced to that night , kept at him and brought him back to life and said things like ,  this here might be the toughest son of a bitch i ve ever laid eyes on .  and then how they revived him and refused to let him go back to prison and kept him in observation for the last 17 days . newline newline when he was finished telling the story , the doctor added ,  there s quite a gathering of people that have been waiting to see you .  newline newline  people ?  the man said . newline newline  yes . family . friends . your kids are here . they re just down the hall . your wife has been in this room next to you as much as much as we would allow her .  newline newline his wife and kids . the man let those words sink in and soak through his brain . he had nt seen his wife in over five years . and the kids he could hardly remember their faces anymore . she stopped bringing them two years before she stopped coming altogether . he could still hear the tone in her voice , in those final words to him years ago . the words that broke his heart into a thousand pieces and made him ache with pain every day since :  i never want to see you again . we re moving on from you . i ve found the kids a new daddy .  newline newline his eyelids were still shut and now filled with tears that gathered along the lashes . he dried them one at a time into each shoulder they could reach . he lay motionless on the bed , unsure of what to say to the doctor . newline newline  would you like me to bring them in ?  the doctor asked . newline newline  yes ,  the man said as he slowly opened his eyes . newline newline and in they came . a line formed at the door as they each waited one at a time . his wife was the first to see him . she ran in with her face shooting tears all over the ground at her feet and the first thing she said was that she loved him and that she was sorry . and then she kissed him and it lasted so long he had to pull back just to breathe . the kids came in next . they jumped onto the bed and into his arms and their faces before they buried them into his chest looked more beautiful than he had ever dreamed . he told them he loved them and when they said it back he could feel his heart almost melt through his chest . his mother walked in next . she was with the father neither of them had seen since he was a small child . they came hand in hand and all three said i love you at once . and then his best friends and all his old schoolmates and the teachers that used to call him trouble . and his grandfather with his wife . and all the nurses who saved him . and with each new body that entered the room his heart swelled bigger and fuller and the salt from his tears burned his eyes but he refused to close them . newline newline and then the lamp overhead finally went dark and the arms at his side in the nylon straps fell limp . and the potassium chloride that passed through his veins reached his heart and made it stop . and the prison guard gave the signal and the doctor behind the glass scribbled cardiac arrest on his clipboard . the man s eyes drifted to the back of his head but the eyelids moved one last time . they fluttered like the wings on a bird . newline newlinenewline i remember that things were nt going too good at the time . that i kept telling myself that things fell apart faster than they came together . so i worked hard and i put in my hours , telling myself that if things did nt work out then maybe i could buy a gun next month . swear to god , simple as that . so i kept going till my eyes were melting and i kept going till this one night where i could nt go to sleep . i closed my eyes , my body buzzed and i rose up and i saw myself . my goddamn husk . i was nt asleep , i saw everything and i saw what i wanted but could nt have . what a strange time that was , to be suspended in liquid . then the alarm came on and my eyes blazed brighter than they had any right to and my mouth clenched harder than it should have . my hand could nt stop searching for that gun i wanted to put in my mouth and my brain kept telling me that i should be sad that i could nt find it .this is really strange . i thought she would be home . i just send her a message , maybe she went to the supermarket . whaaat ? she says , she  s home also . that  s enough of this stupid texting . i  m calling her right away . newline newline  hi honey , so where are you ?   i ask . newline newline  hi , i told you i  m at home.   she says . newline newline  are you hiding somewhere ? i  ve checked the livingroom , the kitchen , bathroom and the bedroom too and i didn  t see you.  newline newline  i  m sitting in the livingroom and surfing on the net.  newline newline  are you kidding with me now ?  newline newline  no , why ? where are you ?  newline newline  i  m standing right here in the livingroom but you are not here.  newline newline  i  m absolutely sure i am here.  newline newline  if you are not joking then this is really creepy . are you sure you are here ?  newline newline  yes , 100  .  newline newline  i may call 911.  newline newline  would you like me to call them . i can do that.  newline newline  wait a moment , somebody is knocking on the door.  newline newline there is a guy in a suit . he looks like some salesperson . newline newline  hey carl , i  m arthur from amazon . i would like to ask you a couple of questions about your satisfaction regarding the recent alexa update package . can i go in ?  newline newline  alexa ? what do you know about my girlfriend ? she says she  s at home , but i can  t find her here . i remember in the morning we had breakfast together then i said goodbye to her and left for work . and now she  s nowhere to find.  newline newline  it looks like we need to forget about this memory implantation thing . let me fix it , just a second.   he says as he starts to work on his smartphone . newline newline  i don  t understand . what  s going on here ?  newline newline  it  s all set . so how is your girlfriend ?  newline newline  what girlfriend ? i don  t have a girlfriend.  newline newline  alright . i  m just testing you . you are doing an excellent beta tester job . you  ve just qualified for a 100  giftcard . have a nice evening !   and off he went .i heard the hissing as it slithered from behind the huge rock at the bottom of the ocean , glaring at me with its menacing emerald eyes . frozen , i looked in horror up at its rows of razor sharp teeth as they snapped as a passing school of fish . newline newline it s reptilian eyes squinted down at me and it slithered closer , barely metres from my face , as its snakelike body curled around me , its scales glittered dimly from the pockets of sunlight drowning in darkness this far down in the ocean . newline newline  who dares disturb my sleep .  it roared , flicking a large red tongue out its mouth . i could feel the panic rising as my breath quickened . my heart thumped hard against my chest as i thrashed hopelessly in the water , trying to shield myself from the behemoth . newline newline please , someone help me , i thought in desperation . i turned my head either side and tried to find an escape route . the serpent flashed past , sending ripples in the water that thrust me against the chipped lion head statue of the lost civilization i d stumbled upon . newline newline the others were on the surface when i d slipped away . we d been down here before and i knew the route well . they d told me not to but i d waited until albert and robert both had their afternoon snooze , the  beer sleep  as they called it , before sneaking down and taking another look at the incredible architecture . what i was nt bargaining on , was an ancient monster guarding whatever was down here , let alone one that spoke . newline newline  no one is going to help you .  it said bitterly , its voice seemed to echo in the far depths of his mind , slicing his skull in pain with every menacing hiss . newline newline it spun again , this time outstretching its tail and wrapping me up . i could feel its iron grip closing against my stomach as i groaned and tried my hardest to move . newline newline  do nt struggle foolish human . you are in my domain now .  newline newline what is this thing ? i thought again , it s going to kill me . newline newline it suddenly let me go and the squeeze on my stomach subsided . i panted hard , holding my ribs in pain , wincing as i looked up into the creature s cold eyes as they stalked me . newline newline  oh no , i m not going to kill you .  it said , flicking its tongue again as it slapped against my wet suit .  i have other plans for you .  newline newline can it hear my thoughts ? newline newline  yes human .  newline newline i froze . if it could hear my thoughts then there truly would be no escape . newline newline it smiled , letting out a broken hiss that almost sounded like a laugh .  of course there s no escape . this is the domain of shalhtarif .  it clicked it s tongue against the roof of its mouth , snarling as it curled bubbles of water out it s long snout into the ocean . newline newline spikes appeared on the side of its body at that moment , like a less colourful peacock , as it circled and stared me square in the eye .  how dare you infect this part of the ocean with your stench .  newline newline it curled around the rock statue and circled on me again . with a hiss , it swung its tail up and slapped me square in the jaw . pain screamed up at me and something hot trickled down my chin . blood ? i turned in time to see the giant creature come at me again . it snapped its jaws at me in frustration and barely missed my leg as i pulled it away from its path . newline newline it doubled back on me as i started to paddle away . i kicked my legs as hard as i could . i could feel the creature on my tail as i swum upward . bubbles clouded my vision as the serpent chased me upward . the air pressure was changing  it was becoming easier to swim . newline newline i kept swimming , thrashing my legs and hands . it snapped at my leg , and missed . and again . a third time . then i saw the tail rise up above me and the split second was enough . it bit my leg . newline newline i yelped in pain as clouds of red puffed up around me , obscuring my vision of the creature as it tore my leg off its limb . unbearable pain screamed through my body with every agonising heart beat . i looked down to see the creature come at me again , its snout oozing the blood from my severed leg as it chewed . i could hear the bones crunching in its mouth , despite the closeness of the water . newline newline i tried to swim away again and this time the creature wrapped its tail around me and swum to the bottom of the ocean again . i cast a glance at my oxygen tank . it was running low . i was starting to see stars when it whizzed through the ocean , further away from the boat and my friends . newline newline the ocean blurred , schools of fish zoomed by , several sharks snapped their jaws at me and i even saw a crowd of jellyfish bobbing in the water . then i saw where the creature was taking me . my blood turned cold as i heard the cries from the front of the cave . the creature let me go and gestured for me to swim further into the black abyss . newline newline  i told you i had plans for you .  it hissed again as the lights in my suit illuminated hundreds of jewellike eyes around me . as they came into view , the hissing became unbearable . i backed against the wall as the tiny sea serpents , identical to the large creature that had taken me here in the first place , came upon me and started to bite . i screamed in pain as pricks of pain jabbed around my body . newline newline  dinner time , children .  the creature grinned , as it watched the diver being eaten from the cave entrance . newline  thank you for calling mrps . for general information about sending or receiving a package , think one . for package tracking , think two . for recovering a lost package , think three . for   newline newline three . newline newline   thank you for selecting three . if you are in heaven , think happy thoughts . if you are in hell , think depressing thoughts .   newline newline the only being i ve had a decent conversation with in the past week is my assigned torturer on even numbered tuesdays . newline newline   you are in hell . we will connect you with a customer service representative in our hell division as soon as possible .   newline newline dead way before death strikes you . in hell way before the flames eat you . stripped from joy , stripped from life , embraced by nothing ... only death !  newline newline it s a shame that holding music never involves the hardcore satanic death metal . newline newline what pleasures life may grant you , it will be robbed from you . newline what misery life brings you , it will always stay with you .  newline newline blah , blah , blah . newline newline thank you for holding . we will connect you with a customer service representative as soon as possible .  newline newline fuck it , i ca nt wait all day or night , ca nt tell and it does nt really matter which . now let s see what s left in the kitchen . got some rusty nails covered in a ghost pepper reduction . decidedly unpleasant . hmm , still have a little of the hellfire pie . tastes a little better , but bad on the back end . guess i already ate the least painful of my rations . the nails are worse , but then i ll just have to eat the pie later anyways . should i just get it over with now ? probably . newline newline crunch . crunch . crunch . crunch . newline newline you can really feel the horrible burning sensation ripping up your tastebuds , only for them to magically rebuild with enhanced pain sensors and a more caucasian tolerance for spiciness . newline newline crunch . crunch . newline newline especially spiky today . i think one might have poked my brain . newline newline crunch . cru newline newline   hello , this is sadie at mrps . what seems to be the problem ?   newline newline nch . newline newline  hi sadie , i had a package mix up and ended up with a parcel intended for a resident of heaven .  newline newline   well that s quite the mix up . who was your package intended for ?   newline newline  a jonathan blakely of 649 inner peace drive , perfectville , utopia . mansion  2 .  newline newline   ok , and do you know what s in the package ?   newline newline  yeah , opened it by mistake . there seems to be a package from the heaventoearth charity , a receipt for a donation to the grantawish foundation , two mantras about peaceful living , a guide to cooking food not containing any living things , and a book called  how to be the most deserving of heaven : 20 steps that will make you the perfect being in existence  by siddharta gautama , jesus of nazareth , and mother theresa .  newline newline   half of those things are on the restricted list here in hell , as you surely know . possessing that book is a class a crime .   newline newline  well sadie , that s why i want you to come pick this up as soon as possible .  newline newline   i m afraid i ca nt do that . you see um , i did nt actually catch your name .   newline newline  it s mengele . josef mengele .  newline newline   mr. mengele , i happen to be a succubus , as are many of my coemployees here at the hell branch . we quite enjoy the pain of others . so we re a little lax on company policy in these types of situations .   newline newline  you do nt understand ! i need you to pick up this package !  newline newline   no mr. mengele , you do nt understand . there will be no pickup . you will be found in possession of heavenly items , and will be subjected to punishment . since you have a heavenly bestseller , they will not be pleasant . we here at mrps are looking forward to your screams of agony . as soon as you provide us with those , we will be sure to get the package situation properly sorted out . thank you for calling mrps , and be sure to use us for any interrealm transfers . have a painful torture . bye !   newline newline fuck . newlinealex bennett was a sturdy man . his physique resembled that of a raging bull . thick neck . wide torso . square forehead . save for the nose ring of course . instead , alex bennett sported a thick and luscious mustache . the kind that spiraled slightly upwards at each end . the kind that somehow neatly matched his round bald head and his curly locks of chest hair . newline newline even as rugged a man as he is , alex bennett enjoyed the delicate things in life . particularly high tea and knitting . after sipping earl grey from his bone china cup and enjoying a selection of assorted biscuits , alex bennett would get to work , knitting an array of sweaters and socks and mittens . somehow , his stocky fingers were able to produce the most delicate patterns of leaves and flowers . this was , of course , after his retirement . newline newline alex bennett worked in a petite bakery shop which sold an array of pound cakes , cupcakes , and cheesecakes . he had a sweet tooth and very much enjoyed the 40  employee discount which came as one of the perks of his job . customers were often startled by his look , but he calmed their spirits with his soft spoken voice and friendly demeanor . at the petite bakery shop , alex bennett was in charge of decorating cakes . and he did so with designs as intricate as those on his hand knitted sweaters . newline newline alex bennett enjoyed his quiet , solitudinous life . he never had any girlfriends , for he may have seemed too intimidating for any to approach . although he never understood why people were often startled and overwhelmed by his guise , he paid no mind to it , for he was content with his life , knitting and drinking high tea . and when alex bennett finally passed away at the age of 81 , he was alone , knitting in his country home . newline newline nobody found the body of alex bennett , who seemed to have simply disappeared . instead , they found the body of a frail old lady sprawled out on the ground , ball of yarn in hand . a lady which nobody in the little town had seen before . she was a lady with a special ability , to disguise by distorting the perception of her image in the mind of others . and she particularly liked large italian men with thick mustaches .you know it wo nt work . it never does . you always wake up and then she is gone , the one who haunts your dreams , never to return . until the next night , that is . but that has never stopped you from trying . newline newline the thing about dreams is time goes funny . you can be asleep for thirty minutes , but have a dream that seems to last hours or days . you have no sense of how long it s been or how long you have left , even after you figure out that the vivid sensations are all in your head . you ca nt really feel the little girl s hand in your own . you ca nt really smell her tearsfree shampoo , the one that is still sitting in the bathroom all these years later because your family ca nt bear to get rid of it . you ca nt bear to get rid of it . newline newline the only thing that really changes is the sensations themselves . once you know they are nt real , they seem to fade . except you can still smell that shampoo , and even after you wake it lingers . newline newline in your dream , you are walking through a park with a little girl who is holding your hand . you know her from somewhere , yet you can not place her in your catalog of acquaintances and friends . slowly it dawns on you . this is that little girl . the one you know ca nt be here because she has been gone for years . so how is she here ? you do nt understand . newline newline and then you do . she s not here . this is a dream . the same dream you had last night , and the night before , and the night before that . the same dream that you ve had every night since it happened . since she left you . since you left her . you really do nt know how it happened anymore , but here you are in the same spot it happened that night . you are older and she is the same age , but you never notice that until you wake up . newline newline you let go of her hand for just a second , like you always do . you never want to . you know it s a bad idea . but you do it anyway . you bend down to tie your shoe . you ca nt help it . you know you re dreaming but you have yet to change the sequence of events . but tonight is different . tonight , you hear them coming . feeling as if you re sinking in mud , moving agonizingly slow , you make yourself stand up . this has never happened before . you have always been a slave to the dream . newline newline you reach for the girl , your hand moving as if through molasses . your arm feels like a lead weight , but you have to save her . you have to get her back home or you ve failed everyone . you ve failed her . no . this is a dream . sometimes you forget and have to remind yourself . you have already failed her . newline newline you re too late . she is gone . you wake up . you smell her shampoo , a scent that lingers for just a moment in the toodark room before it s gone . it has been an hour since you first fell asleep , though it seemed like just a few minutes , and you know you wo nt get back to sleep tonight . regardless , you close your eyes again and lie there for a moment , trying to hold on to the dream . in bits and pieces it fades from your mind like fog when the sun comes out until only one thing is left . you almost saved her . you almost did it . and you are sure that next time you will get even closer .since the great breakthrough in science in the year 2028 the world has changed dramatically . your simple job , fixing computers and helping customers , has long been overtaken by a robot ai . in fact , there are only few human companies anymore . nearly everything is being run by ai now . newline that leads to a lot of free time at hands of humans , and even more research being done by ai . they don  t require sleep and learn a lot faster than a human ever could . newline newline with combined effort of human instructions and ai research we were able to find up to 83 inhabitable planets . in the year 2047 humanity made their intentions clear : escape earth to fly to sedna  a giant earthlike planet 183 light years away , away from the grasp of ai . newline in year 2050 humanity held a simple poll . newline  do you wish to leave earth and start a new life on sedna ?  newline newline                                                                 newline john , your coship designer and assistant called over to you   penelope , do you think we will be able to finish this ship in the next two months ?  newline newline  if we keep up at this pace we won  t even need another month , though i  d plan for about 40 more days.  you explain as you walk over to him . newline only two more . two more spaceships and this project would finally be over . newline  we need to pick up on miasma though , we  re behind schedule . can you send them richard and his team to help out ? while you  re at it , send them lena and her team as well . this should help them get back on track.  you followed up . newline newline  will do.  john answered .  richard  s will be able to help out in two days , he  s been asked to finetune letrox . i  ll message him . i will get lena over to miasma right now though.  newline you nod .  this will do.  you say while picking up your hoverbag and omnitool and go back to work . newline newline                                                                 newline after a total of 132 days the last ship was finished . the project took a total of 9 years and 7 months . newline newline the last day on earth was glorious . well , at least what you did see from it . you woke up late due to working late into the night to finetune the last bit of electronic that you could so that everything would go smoothly on the takeoff . newline  oh no , please no , no , no , no , no !  you scream as you bolt outside with your luggage in hand , throwing it on the passenger seat of your car , which essentially is a small spaceship itself .  thank god they cleared air traffic for today , as long as i  m careful i  ll be able to speed through to the station to get the flight . this should take about 15 minutes ? that  s not fast enough !  you say as you speed up to 500 mph . newline newline                                                                 newline as you arrive on the station you declare your hoverbag your best friend as it helps you easily navigate the corridors and quickly arrive at your target . newline newline to your dismay the airlock won  t open . it  s been locked and detached from the spaceship . newline  open this airlock ! i need to get onto this ship ! please , please open it !  newline  may i ask what  s wrong ?  an ai called lorenzo asked . newline you stop just a few meters in front of the ai and point to the ship and the airlock .  ththis ship i need to get onto it !  newline you turn around and see the engines of the spaceship starting up , and just like that you see the armada start off from the docking stations one after another , off into the distance to their destination : sedna . newline you collapse on the ground . tears start rushing down your cheeks as you stare at the ships with a blank expression . newline newline  everything everything i worked for  you whisper . newline  i  m sorry miss , but it would seem that the ships have taken off without you . would you like to have a room to calm down in ?  lorenzo said empathically . newline after a few seconds of the situation sinking in you realize you were asked a question . newline  i no.  you stumble .  that won  t be necessary.  you look down at your hands and wipe away your tears .  no , i won  t need such a room.  newline you stand up and you look in the direction the ships went off to . newline newline  i will make my own goddamn ship.  newline newline                                                                 newline this was my very first writing prompt , hope you liked it ! newline newline edit : lots and lots of formattingi guess i ll post what is currently the first chapter of my novel . i ll probably be rewriting it before too long , but it d be nice to know what people think . it s a little longer than the limit so i ll have to post it in two comments newline newline  newline newline if i stared at her long enough , she had to do something interesting . newline newline it was third period , more than halfway through the day , and i don  t think i  d seen her eyes leave the pages of her book once . it felt stupid , but i  d even started giving up my study hall to go to this english class , just to see if she took a more active role in subjects that seemed to interest her . she didn  t . the class was almost finished and nothing had moved but her eyes , darting across the page at speeds that seemed entirely too fast . but i guess if you read literally all day you pick up a talent for it . newline newline there was no physical indication , but she seemed to notice the teachers  lectures at least a little . i checked tests as a favor to our teacher in first period , and in the whole month since we  d started school she hadn  t missed a single question . to be honest , it kind of pissed me off . i wasn  t stupid but i had to at least pay attention to the lesson in order to get full marks on a quiz . was she cheating ? was she a genius ? did she study all day at home ? newline newline  mr . ward ?  newline newline the more i thought about it the more it annoyed me . with the addition of this one , i was in the same classes as her for the entire day . but did i even once see a teacher call her out for reading instead of paying attention to the lesson ? no . in fact , they didn  t seem to mind at all as long as she did well on the tests . it was infuriating . newline newline  collin ward , when i agreed to let you become my teacher  s assistant for this class , i planned on you actually assisting my teaching , not ogling my students . besides , i don  t think ms. faust will find you more interesting than that book no matter how much you stare at her.  i turned towards the source of the interruption to my thoughts to see mr. patterson with a stupid smirk on his face . newline newline i added a note to patterson  s file in my head . scott patterson . 25 . two years at the school . sophomore english teacher and boys tennis coach . female students find him attractive . and apparently he now has a tendency to publicly embarrass male students . namely me . i mentally filled out a request to add him to the the grudge folder . newline newline  it it isn  t like that ,  i replied , unconvincingly . the sentence escaped from my lungs before i could hold it down and give myself time to formulate the correct response . it wasn  t my fault , really . name one person that can stay quiet when confronted with the exact wrong diagnosis for their behavior . i didn  t want her to be interested in me , i wanted to understand what it was that made me so interested in her . newline newline a chorus of giggles from the front of the class confirmed the futility of my response . my file on the gigglers was small , and shared between the five of them , who i could never tell apart . the girls that always sit in a pack , hanging on the hot teacher  s every word while simultaneously doodling their name from a future where they  re married to whatever kid scored the last touchdown ? yeah . that was them . newline i looked around the room to check the reactions of the other students . we were in room 205 , a rather small classroom that barely left any space to maneuver once the desks and students were packed in . it was standard size for newbrook high school though . it  s not like any of the always decreasing budget was going to go to academics . mr. patterson stood at one side of the rectangular room , in front of his desk and next to mine , which was placed outside of the regular rows to distinguish me from rest of the students . newline newline there were 25 or so of them , counting the gigglers , and most of them were too busy filling out the assignment to pay any attention to a conversation between a teacher and his assistant . i guess that was good for my reputation . newline  hey it  s not any of my business if you undress her with your eyes , just let me know before you get the urge to step it up a notch  teased mr. patterson .  anyway , when they  re done finishing up this assignment , go ahead and collect it and let them leave . i have to run an errand before the assembly next period , so just lock up when you  re done , okay ?  newline newline  yeah , that  s fine ,  i sighed . i had hoped that i wouldn  t have many responsibilities in this period , but handing off control of the class on the first day was a sure sign that the position was going to be more trouble than it was worth . newline newline patterson exited the classroom to a resounding groan from the gigglers , who then gave me a  now we have gossip about you  look and actually started on their assignment , probably halfassing it so that they  d get called in for a one on one conference . they were pretty predictable . newline newline once their heads were down i snuck a glance out of the corner of my eye . she still hadn  t moved , and if i weren  t too startled to check at the time i imagined that i wouldn  t have even seen her flinch when mr. patterson mentioned her name . i guess in this way she could be seen as predictable too , but not in a boring , typical way like the rest of the class . newline newline see , ever since i can remember i  ve been good at figuring out people . when i was 7 , i asked a work friend of my father  s who had visited our house a few times about how well his anniversary had went the month before . he looked astonished , and later my mother joked that i had a cabinet my head with a file for every person i  d ever met . apparently my brain liked that metaphor because i  ve been this way ever since , filing away details about personality , strengths and weaknesses in the cabinet that is now my brain . i guess i don  t really hate it though . knowing a lot about people helps you understand their motivations , which can help me figure out what to say , or what they  re going to say . after a while i basically became a human lie detector , although i figured out pretty quickly that pointing out when people are lying can get you into trouble . newline newline she was weird , though . i  d thought about it a lot and i decided i just didn  t have enough information to understand her , which was what led to my current situation . it wasn  t like i was obsessed or anything . it was like if my thoughts about people are all files , then laura faust  s file was the one currently open on my desk . newline she started attending the school this year , and was in the same grade as me , a junior . as far as i could tell she moved to the area not long before school started , and didn  t seem to have friends at the school yet , if she had any friends at all . she was almost definitely much smarter than i was , but she wasn  t enrolled in any of the honors course classes that you might expect a possible genius to be interested in . of course that could be explained . after all i was pretty good at most subjects too , but i wasn  t interested in the extra workload of the hard classes . i didn  t get the slacker vibe from her though . she just seemed ... bored ? newline newline i had tried to ask some people about her , but they all ended up getting the same wrong idea that mr. patterson had . i didn  t want to date her or anything , in fact i was pretty sure my feelings towards her were leaning more towards the realm of dislike . newline newline not that she wasn  t pretty . in fact she definitely was . she had hair so black it didn  t seem real , and a lightly tanned complexion that i figured came from reading outside . she dressed in a more sophisticated manner than even the rich , popular girls , and the first time i saw her i thought she might have been a visiting princess . newline that lasted for about three seconds . after that , i was subjected to the aura of intensity that she constantly emitted . i knew i wasn  t the only one who felt it , because the teachers and other students were always on their toes around her , as if one false move could tear her intense glare from the pages of her book and incinerate them on the spot . newline newline she looked naturally athletic as well , the kind of tall , shapely young woman who could look good while kicking your ass into next week . how anyone who spent all day reading could maintain a body like that was a mystery to me , but what was clear to me before too long was that she was no princess . she was an intense warrior queen . newline newline i marked the last minute or so of lauranotes for deletion from my brain . i was kind of understanding how people got the wrong idea about my intentions now . when people have such interesting personality and appearance combinations , i sometimes get a bit carried away . newline newline i looked up to glance at the clock and wasn  t surprised to see that the period was over . i often got caught up in thought . the pile of papers in front of me told me that pretty much everyone had left , and a quick look around the room confirmed that they were all gone . except for laura . newline newline i figured i should let her know she could leave . after all , she was new , so she probably didn  t know that the bells didn  t ring during the assemblies . i started walking to her desk . newline newline i realized that this was about to be the first time i  d ever actually had a conversation with her in almost a month of attempting to figure her out . i  d tried , but it  s hard to find an excuse to talk to someone who doesn  t really do anything . newline normally i  d stop and think about the best way to go about telling her she could leave while also maintaining the conversation long enough to learn something new about her , but my stupid legs weren  t listening to reason , and before i knew it i was directly in front of her desk , peering over the the top of her raised novel . newline today  s genre seemed to be scifi , but i long since gave up on trying to gain anything from analyzing what book she was reading . she was all over the place . fiction , nonfiction , once i even swore i saw her reading the instruction manual to an industrial microwave , but i must have looked at it wrong . newline newlineso far from land !  newline hilda moved through ley lines interwoven through sky and earth until only the sky remained . ahead a small fishing boat listed while it s crew worked feverishly to search for someone who had fallen overboard . coming in closer , hilda could make out the conversation of the survivors . newline newline  we ll never find her ! it s been too long !  newline newline  did the sharks come back ?  newline newline  oh my god , my baby !  newline newline ah , that makes sense . a shipwreck . the family must have gone out for a day s fishing , struck a reef , and become marooned .  newline drawing from a deep well of energy , the valkyrie centered herself and heard the unmistakable echo of the warrior s soul against the empty vacuum of honor and bravery known as jord . newline newline hilda left the ley line . her sudden appearance was a bright flash of bluishwhite light followed by an explosive crack of thunder . the fishing boat righted itself briefly from the force of her appearance alone .  not a valkyrie !  , cried one or more of the survivors , though hilda paid them no heed . she was here for a warrior , not for them . a moment later she dived beneath the water to the horror of her audience and the resulting waves and turbulence rent and tore the boat and further jeopardized the survivors . newline newline deep beneath the light of sol and the drowning family , hilda found her warrior at last . a lone boy s body lay here and there . his soul turned to hilda with a peaceful expression . newline newline  why do i feel so peaceful now ?  newline newline hilda froze for a moment . he s so young .  newline newline  you have died a warrior s death ... somehow . what is your name ?  newline newline  my name is iggy . i m not dead ! i just need to swim back up !  newline newline  you are . now tell me what has happened .  newline newline at her command , he made eye contact with her for the first time and suddenly she could see his final moments . his father and brother had gotten drunk and were fighting . the family had turned against his father when he had become too violent and sent him below deck . there , the drunk and bitter old man began to cut through a poorly patched section of hull . it was his boat and he would not allow them to enjoy it without him . iggy had discovered his father just as the patchwork pulled away and the boat filled with rushing ocean . his father took advantage of the open door to push past iggy to the deck , grabbing him as a hostage as he went . newline newline  you will all get off my ship now or you will all drown anyway !  , the old drunk ranted . seizing an opportunity , iggy moved the rope of the anchor around his father s leg . the drunk barely noticed until iggy suddenly kicked against his groin and dove at the heavy anchor . iggy grabbed the anchor by the rope and spun in place , the centrifugal force granting just enough inertia for his small frame to toss the anchor overboard . at the same time , spinning in place with rope is a surefire way to become ensnared and so he did . he struggled for a time to breathe but many desire the soul of a warrior . sharks found him before hilda . newline newline  ah i see ... you defended the weak and punished the guilty . you will do well in the einherjar .  newline newline iggy understood more after making eye contact with hilda . such a connection worked both ways . newline  you have nt answered why it s so peaceful now . life was always so full of fighting before .  newline newline  peace is only ever temporary .  newlineit was nt very difficult to shell out the ridiculous price for the collartalk . who would nt want to speak to their cat and understand the meowing replies ? i could nt wait to ask milo what she thought the sun and moon were , if she liked my terrible guitar skills , and why she freaks out at the speed of light through the house at exactly 10pm every night . what she dreams about . if she s scared of death . an animal s perspective on life would be fascinating . i just had to make sure my wife did nt find out how much it cost . newline newline when the parcel arrived , milo seemed immediately curious . i opened it and placed the box on the kitchen floor to let her take a look . after all , it was the beginning of a new chapter in her life . she began to circle the box , pawing at it and making curious halfmeows as she sniffed . newline newline  that collar is going to let us talk to each other milo .  newline newline she looked up at me , and i could swear she actually said  wow  . the collar was nt on yet , but my heart skipped a beat in anticipation . i knelt down and pulled the collar out of its packaging . reflective blue , flexible plastic with a white collartalk logo on one end . there was just one sentence written on the packaging . newline newline  instructions : place collar on cat .  newline newline they do nt waste words , i ll give them that . my wife sophie walked into the kitchen as i was examining the collar . newline newline  you got milo a new collar ?  newline newline  sophie you re gon na love this ,  i replied , hoping she would nt ask about the price .  it s going to let us speak to milo .  newline newline  ha ! yeah right . looks pretty cool though .  newline newline she crossed her legs and sat on the kitchen floor , picked milo up and held her ready for me to put the collar on . as i wrapped the collar around milo s neck , i immediately noticed a change . her eyes opened wider than i thought possible , her fur stood up behind her neck and she began to hiss wildly . newline newline  milo ! what s the matter ?  i asked in a louder voice than i intended . then she spoke . newline newline she spoke . newline newline  i ... see ... god  newline newline those sharply hissed words sent a piercing cold shiver down my spine . sophie screamed as milo s claws dug into her legs . newline newline  i see god and he s looking at me right now  newline newline i ve never felt such immediate terror shoot through my body . seeing my cat stiff as a statue , hissing and screaming that she can see god made my neck hair stand on end . newline newline  wh ... where is he ... milo ?  newline newline  god is at the door  newline newline i looked across at the open back door to see a german shepherd standing in the doorway . i noticed that he was wearing the same blue collar as milo . newline newline  relax , sheesh . i m not god , your cat s just dyslexic .  odds are  newline newline survivor 10110 , also known as luke , had just gone critical , forced into an industrial building by a horde of well over a hundred undead . pilots had seen the impending conflict well ahead of timeluke s most recent looting hole , well out of the way of large , populated areas , had suddenly become home to a small horde , probably from the larger town across the way . his feed had been switched to the pit several hours in advance , and , as predicated , a routine trip had now taken a disastrous turn . seamus watched as former millionaires and celebrities began betting high end supplies , either brought with them to the bunker or acquiesced by security men like seamus . cuban cigars , rembrandts and monets , cases of caviar , all useless and decadent items that had no bearing on survival , just comfort and bragging rights . but seamus did nt particularly care . his own good fortune had led him to a sense of apathetic preservation . the bunker was the safest place on earth . besides the occasional run for supplies and luxuries , it was selfsufficient , selfsustaining , and nigh on impenetrable . as long as he was in here , and helped maintain the status quo , he d ride this out like the rest of these fat cats . newline newline  uhoh . not looking good for your boy there , robert .  newline newline  he s a snake , arthur , a snake . he ll make it out .  newline newline  i hope he does nt so you ll finally shut up about him .  the elegant woman took a petulant sip of her champagne . newline newline  oh do nt mind lydia , she s just sore that her last bet lost her a nineteen eightyfour brovia barolo monprivato .  newline newline  stupid bimbo .  lydia huffed .  even i knew the fire escape would break . stewart s stupid , smug  newline newline her sentence was interrupted as a ball of fire suddenly lit up the screen . the entire industrial building was in flames , scattering debris and burning corpses across the compound . there was a long pause as the drone camera panned around the destruction . then the speakers in the gambling hall announced in a clear , crisp tone : newline newline survivor 10110 has been retired .  newline newline there were more shouts of agony than of triumph from the pit . apparently he d been a favorite . the massed group scattered to conclude their bets , as the feed switched to another survivor , a hispanic female , traveling along a river with her small party . robert continued staring at the screen in shock . newline newline  oh , bad luck there . honestly , i did nt see how he was going to make it out . what d you lose ?  newline newline robert ran his hands over his face .  a recording of verdi s nabucco  , and a water color by moran .  newline newline  well , that s not so bad then , yeah ?  newline newline lydia snorted in a very low brow manner .  you got off easy , i say .  newline newline seamus watched as the three moved off , the smell of havanas on the air making him crave his own smoke break . newline newline  how about you ?  newline newline seamus jumped . fredrick pierce had suddenly appeared at his shoulder , the older man s lean , slicked back figure quiet as a jungle cat in it s armani attire . he smiled at seamus  reaction . newline newline  excuse me sir ?  newline newline  did you think he was going to make it ?  newline newline the question took seamus a little aback . unless they wanted a fling or a favor , the crust did nt talk to scrubs like seamus . seamus sincerely hoped this conversation would turn towards the latter if anything . newline newline  um ... i , i do nt really know sir ... no , i did nt , not really .  newline newline  and why s that ?  newline newline strange response .  well ... there were too many , he did nt have any back up , or an out .  seamus shrugged .  odds were against him . that s what it s all about , is nt it , sir ?  newline newline pierce nodded .  and that all makes sense , it really does ... but i ve been gambling for many years . and in that time , if i ve learned anything , it s that people put too much stock in the odds .  newline newline where was this conversation going ? newline newline pierce was facing seamus now , a polite smile still hanging on his face .  in gambling i ll admit , odds do matter quite a lot , and their usually true to form . in life however , the same principle ca nt be applied . life has too many variables to be a game , that s what most of these people do nt understand .  he gestured at the room behind him , now empty of the people in question .  they bet on life as if it were roulette or poker , but it s not , you see . because their are so many of us , each influencing each other s lives , directly , and indirectly , with effects that can take years , even centuries to mature , that it really ca nt be calculated and deconstructed like a game of dice . for instance , poor luke there could have just as easily have found a car in that building , fueled and supplied , ready to go , left behind by someone for whom all the odds were in favor until suddenly a variable turned those same said odds against him . or take someone ... someone like you ...  the tone in his voice suddenly changed . seamus  eyes flicked anywhere but pierce s stare .  me , sir ?   yes , you . the odds have been all in your favor , seamus  you got in as a private security grunt with some of the most powerful people in the world , in the most secure safe house in the world . you rarely have to work for your supper  most of the time you just have to stand around here as a bunch of rich voyeurs drink themselves into a stupor while watching the demise of people severely less fortunate than themselves . yes , seamus , the odds have been in your favor ... and yet , one variable has thrown that all away .  newline newline two of seamus fellow guards came up on either of his elbows . he threw an elbow at the left ones face , but it was caught . a rifle butt hit him in the back of his knee , forcing him into a kneel as brawny arms restrained him . pierce leaned down , his polite smile now gone as he stared into seamus  panicked grimace .  my daughter , specifically . though , what variables culminated into that trist only god knows .  he stood up straight again , and looked down on seamus , a cold smile returning to his lips .  i ve read your file . sas , tour of duty in the middle east . the undead and savages outside will have a hard time killing you seamus ohara .  he gave him the smallest of winks .  i ll bet on that . she put the brush down on the counter , carefully inspecting her work . it was flawless , as it had to be . it had taken years to perfect the ageless look , to learn to disguise perfectly the creases and the scars . it was nothing serious , not yet , but it would show and people would notice  something she would rather do without . the powders and concealers she tucked away in drawers , covering them with the more recreational cosmetics that she also wore . next were the accessories : big , bright , and distracting . fun earrings and flowered headbands gave an air of youth to her appearance . she practiced a perfect smile in the mirror , but her heart sank at her reflection . time to smuggle in some whitening strips again . in a few years it might be time for more drastic methods to stay the hands of time . newline newline that was a task for later , though , it was time for the day to start and she went into the bedroom to wake her husband . her heart swelled with love for him , but the feeling was bittersweet  the years were slipping by , who knew how many she would have left with him ? how long before she could no longer hide the terrible truth she had learned not long after their marriage ? she stilled a sob before it could be born and reached for his shoulder : her husband stirred under her touch and turned his smiling face to her  young , immortal , filled with love and tenderness . newline newline just because you re someone s soulmate does nt mean they re yours . alignment ?  the father asked . newline newline  neutral good ,  the mother replied . newline newline the couple looked at their newborn son , determined to give him as good a future as possible without fudging their die rolls like other , more unscrupulous parents would . newline newline  class ?  the mother asked . newline newline  healer ,  the father replied .  i hope he grows up to be a pharmacist .  newline newline  oh , me too , dear . roll for strength .  newline newline he did so . newline newline  three ,  he replied . that was the lowest possible stat  the highest being 18 . newline newline  well , that s okay , i guess . doctors do nt necessarily have to be strong , do they ?  newline newline  i suppose not , sweetie . roll for constitution .  newline newline she did so . newline newline  three ,  she stated , starting to sweat .  i thought we d have provided better genetic material ... or at least better luck .  newline newline her husband comforted her before rolling for dexterity . newline newline the three sixsided dice left his hand and settled into position on the nearby table . each landed with their sixth side face down on the table . newline newline  damn , another three ,  he sputtered , then winced upon realizing he d just cursed . newline newline the couple sat in silence before the mother suddenly spoke up . newline newline  we ve had some bad rolls ,  she said tearfully ,  but i m sure his intelligence stat will more than make up for these athletic setbacks .  newline newline she hesitantly scooped up the dice and released them . newline newline  five !  she exclaimed .  that s ... better than three !  newline newline the father was too frustrated to argue . he looked at his son , then turned his attention to the dice . newline newline  for wisdom ,  he said . newline newline the result was another three . newline newline the couple sat in stunned silence for another few minutes . they wanted to do their research , see if any other parents had been cursed with such horrible luck , but they did not yet have access to the internet  it was the spring of 1996 . newline newline at sudden , the mother snatched the dice from the table and exclaimed ,  please do nt be another three !  newline newline she threw down the dice for charisma and received ... a four . newline newline several minutes passed as the couple sat completely still for a third time . they were awoken from their despairinduced trance when the baby started crying . newline newline  i know , i m sorry ,  the mother said to her child . newline newline  our little , uh , pharmacist  needs a name , now ,  the father remarked . newline newline his wife cradled the boy in his arms for another few seconds , then leaned in , softly whispering : newline newline  i m sorry , uchironspiracy . sienna bridges was unapologetically beautiful . newline newline everybody knew it , from her gardener to her father to the boy who sat at the back of the bus listening to the smiths . she was beautiful because she looked like the cookiecutter american girl doll on steroids . she was beautiful because she existed in her own plane of being . she was beautiful , and boys loved her . newline newline none ever had the honor of calling her their girlfriend . sienna didn  t believe in such titles . she was no prude , that  s for certain , but she had an aversion to dating . as soon as commitment came into conversation , sienna was gone , riding the wings of female liberation . this didn  t make her less appealing  it made her more appealing . instead of five admirers , she had five hundred . newline newline and yet , as she broke the hearts of males all over , she still seemed unhappy . almost scared . she grew to dislike the touch of boys , only tolerating it for a few minutes at a time . she was afraid of shadows and the dark . newline newline and then april brought with it the first letter . written in blood , confirmed to be human , it read  you have hurt me once , but never again will you cause pain . your time has come.  the police begged her to think of the boys she had burned with her fiery and fleeting love , and she thought , but couldn  t think of one who would do such a thing . she wrote down all the names she remembered , of the boys who took her rejection especially hard  ben hunter , derek norris , david johnson  but nothing came to fruition . the letter was a warning , untraceable to anyone . newline newline but sienna felt as if she was being watched . sometimes shadows would move when they truly shouldn  t . she slept with the light on for most of may and june and then the emails came . pictures of her undressing in her room . her at the mall with friends . her at the dmv . there was no escape from this camera that followed her around like a promise . newline newline the police tried their best , but even they could not find out who would be doing this . sienna was a high schooler , and her boys had been her age . they could not have had the resources necessary to perform an operation of this size . newline newline then the second letter came and it promised to kill her by the end of july . the emails still flooded in , full force , but the addresses all bounced when replied to . ips were traced , and ended up in the middle of the pacific . whoever sienna  s stalker was , he knew what he was doing . newline newline when they found sienna , she was something more than beautiful . it was the way she lay spreadeagle on the floor of her bedroom with her hair framing her face and her throat slit in a gaping wide smile , her eyes closed so softly she could have been sleeping , the blood pooling around her torso , still warm and that vibrant red of sunsets and cherries and hastily applied lipstick , her lavender perfume still carrying on the air . newline newline the policemen designed to protect her lay slumbering outside her house , evidently drugged by some foreign substance that had somehow been administered without their knowledge . newline newline  i used nyquil and lemonade .  newline newlineits 8:58 all i have is two minutes . i looked at the tan son of a bitch that held on to me like a toddler grasping at his mother s legs . i was in the washroom door locked biting on a rag to cover both my screams and my pain .  god help me  i said fighting tears congregating in my eye . i started to pull the tan devil off the screams and tears became too much for me to fight back . in between screams and cries a cursed the inanimate object . after around one minute the battle was over . i had won but i left with a scar . a scar that will remind me forever that a band aid kicked my ass . newline newlinei have enough trouble writing as it is . i do nt mean the process of putting words together and forming stories , but actual pen and paper writing . i have doctor s handwriting , chickenscratch , and making simple print requires my full attention mentally and visually . i understand the talent varies by person but to stare away and jot down continuously definitely piques one s interest . newline newline silence broken by scratches . a pair among nobody . a lone spectator . a lone subject . no , that ca nt be the right word for it . spectacle gives me too much credit . target . newline newline my eyes widen . i glance back . he has vanished and suddenly i question how long his writing stopped . think . breathe . newline newline the scratching resumes from the same position . his eyes narrow as his pen snakes across the pad . there is no way that he could have vanished earlier but he manages to yet again . think ! newline newline the chime reminds me that i have three stations left . the walk after is nt of concern . the scribbling is . he has advanced a row closer and i have nt grasped my place in this yet . i have never so much white on an eye straight on before . i ca nt even discern if it is still a circular pupil anymore . no . why am i focusing on the eyes ? the writing ? no . it s him . newline newline i reach into my bag and the scratching speeds up . a phone with no reception underground , a wallet  hello kitty  , a set of keys that i know from experience are nt useful as a weapon , and far too many papers and receipts than one needs . i can hear all of my friends saying  i told you so  as i m about to fall to hubris as many before me . no weapon is still a weapon in its own way . newline newline two more stops and one row between us . the doors open but far too many horror movies have told me that poorly lit stations are deathtraps . tense legs and loose grip . prepare for an attack and a counter . the scratching has stopped but he s there . his breath is there . he s behind me and my hearts skips a beat . that s my signal to move . newline newline it was a distraction . this whole time . he s almost mimicking my leap out of the seat and there s a notepad flying at me . i ca nt quite grab it but the bounce confirms : he was literally scribbling without looking . hiding his intention in plain sight . i skip back before even landing and i stumble into a vertical rail . his strut towards is filled with confidence . filled with arrogance . filled with someone s foot kicking his sideways and suddenly i rise above him . newline newline the trick to mounting somebody in a fight is that with your heart racing and mind focused solely on another person , you have to remember that this is nt sex . you cant put yourself on even terms . you sit on their abs rather than groin . it is incredibly awkward if you have nt done it before but it does nt end there . your fist crashes into a hard object and you have to bear the pain . if you re prepared to hit the metal plating on the floor then you re already swinging your other fist . newline newline   newline newline the puddle of blood had finally settled when i heard a chime . it was my stop . i had to move . rolling off and sprinting from a crouch like a child impersonating an olympian i barreled throw the doors while managing to get a glimpse of my most recent arena . it was clean . that was nice . that was wrong . the doors shut . newline newline i sat in disbelief and stared in disbelief at the empty train car . empty windows passed me by . a man with a notepad in one . he was nt watching me . he was nt hurt . he was nt gone .today i killed my mother . yesterday i killed my father . tomorrow i ll kill again . but what choice do i have ? they would ve died by other hands if not by mine . he has hundreds of others to choose from , all locked in that damn screen . hours pass as i stay curled in that cursed ball . my only solace is knowing that even though i have to fight again , at least i ll be able to taste fresh air while i do it . the time comes as i hear my species being called . i have no name anymore , no identity . i am simply another tool to be used . as i exit my ball i look over the see who will be my opponent this time . i stare dumbfound , unable to move my body , looking into the eyes of my son . i hear the commands yelled at me as i attack my own flesh relentlessly . no tears fall . my body is not my own to use . finally the torture is over and the final blow is struck . i hear a  ding !  as i level up over the disappearing body of my one and only child . i take a deep breath before i return to my spherical prison , waiting for my next nightmare .at exactly 3:32 pm on a regular old tuesday in a regular old house on a regular old street , there was a thud that broke the boring and empty silence . this alarming sound was promptly proceeded by a series of scampering thuds , which to albert tinney sounded suspiciously like the footfalls of children . odd , albert thought , i don  t have any children . newline newline with a sigh and a grumble , albert threw off his bedsheet , swung his feet out of bed and toed them into his bunny slippers . better not be that damned cat again , albert continued thinking , or i  ll give it the boot . i don  t care what miss alice says . newline newline miss alice was alice wendy , albert  s neighbor and she lived with a number of cats . one cat in particular did not fancy its owner much and would continually try to break out of her house and into his . it wasn  t that they liked each other very much , the cat and albert , but they did have one thing very much in common : they loved nothing more than the quiet of solitude . newline newline on many an afternoon , al would come downstairs for a glass of milk only to find the cat curled up in the window nook above the front door . when the realtor had sold him this particular condo , he had been in quite a hurry and hadn  t been listening when the realtor had chimed in about the previous owner  s having had a pet cat  one which loved to sit and bask in the sun in its favorite spot . newline newline the trouble was , as al soon found out , there was no cat to be found . he looked in the usual spots , upstairs and down , the beast would choose to laze around , but came up empty . one day , i  m going to find out how that beast finds its way in and that  ll be the end of that , he thought , nodding assuredly to himself . newline newline then he heard it again , and froze where he stood . thumpthumpthump his eyes narrowed as he climbed the stairs toward the sound . got you now , beastie ,  he thought , smiling to himself . at the top of the stairs , he grabbed the empty laundry basket he kept near the linen cupboard . newline newline thumpthumpthumpthump newline newline it was in the guest room . of that , he was sure . on feet whisperquiet in their tread , he crept toward the guest room door which was cracked open . albert always kept the doors in his house closed . he found silence was easier to maintain this way . a door opened a crack should have signaled to him that something else might have been going on , because as any human with half a brain knows , only the smartest of cats know how to turn a door knob . if only albert had been blessed with half the wit of a normal man . newline newline he held the laundry basket upsidedown in one hand , ready to plop it down on an unwelcomed feline visitor , and reached for the door with the other . not wanting to spend a beautifully boring afternoon trapsing through his house chasing after some beast , albert wanted to get this over with nice and quick . newline newline as he reached for the door , ready to whip it open , he heard the thumps again  this time heading toward the door and he nimbly backed out of the way , careful not to bump anything and clamped his hand over his mouth as something  though he wasn  t sure what  whipped open the door and thudded its way down the hall toward his bedroom . newline newline the only trouble was that the thing wasn  t a thing at all . in fact , there didn  t seem to be anything there . albert would have thought himself imagining all this nonsense if only there weren  t the little footprints in the dust . he noticed them now . they were partially obscured by the sweeping steps of his bunny slippers , but he was grateful now for the fact that he only dusted on odd sundays . newline newline oddly , the footsteps led into three rooms now and seemed to begin in the middle of the hallway as if out of no where . albert frowned down at the footprints but decided not to make his brain hurt with plausibilities . instead , he decided he should go in after it and try to catch it . he stood listening for a moment and heard the quick little steps of the thing in his room . careful to close the guestroom door , he padded his way toward his bedroom door which also now stood ajar . newline newline albert pushed gently on the door and it swung soundlessly open . looking around , he saw nothing but remembered the beastie was invisible  at least for the moment  and thought to look down at its tracks . he followed them , his laundry basket in tow , one at a time until he came to the edge of his bed where they seemed to disappear underneath . newline newline as he was about to lean down to get a better look at things under the bed , a light bulb went off . best not expose my face . i  ll catch the bugger when it saunters out ,  he thought and smirked to himself . he climbed up on the bed , turned around and raised the basket above his head , ready to pounce the moment the thing dared make a rush for the door . newline newline of course , when he  d climbed up on the bed , it hadn  t registered that he had one too many pillows underneath his sheets . poised for attack , back turned to the head of the bed , albert tinney had no idea what vile creature was hidden under the sheets , inadvertantly pretending to be something soft and comforting . newline newline though his noodley arms began to tire under the weight of the empty laundry vessel , albert stuck his tongue out in determination . i  ll catch the furball , invisible or not , he thought . newline newline behind him , a pillow that wasn  t a pillow uncovered itself and seemed to take notice of the silly man with wobbly arms holding a basket over his head . soundlessly it crept toward him and long invisible claws that extended out of two gnarled invisible feet . a hideous invisible grin spread across a monstrous invisible face . the tiny monster poised itself to strike . newline newline it was just then , at 3:47 pm on that same very boring tuesday afternoon , that albert tinney caught some movement in the corner of his right eye and before he had the chance to react , there was a hiss , a snarl , a chuff , a yowl , a wet crunch followed by a wet , fading hiss . by this time , albert  in all his bravado  had pulled the basket down over his head , had closed his eyes tight and found himself trembling . newline newline albert waited a full minute for his cowardice to retreat and his bravery to return . he opened one eye , and slowly turned around , using the laundry basket as both a shield and scope for what grisly scene lay in waiting . newline newline instead , al found that damned cat inexplicably sitting about a foot in the air above his bed , licking its paws and  of all things to be doing at a time like this  purring . newline newline at roughly 4:22 pm that same day , albert had wrapped the invisible , sticky , wet thing in a garbage bag , firmly tied a knot and had deposited into the wastebin in his side yard . newline newline his return upstairs was apprehensive and filled with listening pauses and furtive glances . a most unpleasant encounter behind him , he still had the business of attending to his feline foe and he never enjoyed touching the filthy cat . then a thought crossed his mind , much later than it would have crossed another person  s , and the thought was such : that stupid cat just saved my life .  newline newline he reached the top of the stairs at 4:25 pm and by 4:35 pm , he had reached out to pet the cat , found that it didn  t find him repulsive , oddly enough , and even odder still was the he didn  t find it repulsive either . something had indeed changed . newline newline by 5:00 pm , albert had discovered that he and his new companion could share the dull , empty , quiet solitude together . neither of them had to say a word  not that the cat could no matter how hard his kitty mouth tried to anyway  and they liked it that way . by 5:32 pm , al had fallen fast asleep in his bed with his feline friend perched atop his sleeping breast , rising and falling with each breath . newline newline for al and marbles the cat , all was right in the world and they both felt quite happy in this new arrangement . life , it seemed , would go on with one less conflict ruining the blissful silence . newline newline and neither of them  least of both , albert  gave any thought to where the invisible thing had come from  which was the attic  , why it had come  which was for something it had lost  and whether it had any family  it did  . newline hey you ! yeah you , mr . author , the guy writing this damn story right now  we need to talk.  newline newline let us say , dear reader , that the fellow now trying to gain my attention is a mike . yes , mikes tend to be rather annoying sorts , that is a good name for him . newline newline  sigh , ok fine this is mike . we still need to talk.  newline newline of course , mike is only able to express himself through the words i give him . his thoughts are only those that i allow to share space in my mind . never the less , it would be rude of me not to let him talk . newline newline  so here is the deal mr . author , this world is shit . you literally have me sitting in a black void . you started writing this damn story without any planning , and now i  m stuck here in an eternal emptiness of your making  or lack thereof  .  newline newline it occurs to me that i might share my name with mike , but perhaps that would simply make his complaints more grating . mr . author it is . in any case , i should resolve mike  s complains so that the story can progress . newline newline you see , mike is the last inhabitant of a world that was never meant to exist . the dim light of a fading sun fell on his artificial world but provided only enough light for the highly adapted low light vision lenses that mike wore almost permanently . once this synthetic planet was a thriving colony but in recent newline newline  seriously ! this is such bullshit , and i  m not only talking about your writing . all the power in the world and you dump me on a heap of scrap like this.  newline newline sigh , however having become tired of the latest entry in the call of obligation franchise , mike removes his vr helmet , escaping into the crowded arcade . the sun was still high in the sky outside but most of the shades were drawn to prevent light leakage into the virtual worlds inside . newline newline  hey this is way better , but it kinda smells in here . also you have yet to write any food , and i  m feeling a bit peckish.  newline newline mike spend most of his time in such virtual worlds because of his trouble integrating with others . an injury in his childhood had left him mute , a condition that did not make such integration any easier . newline newline wild gesticulation newline newline inappropriate use of central digit newline newline turning around , grabbing of pants , bearing of rear end newline newline on second thought dear reader , it has occurred to me that mike is nothing more than an extension of myself , and as such deserves a happier existence  and i the peace of mind i had before i started this story  . newline newline suddenly the rainbow unicorn aliens abduct mike , taking him to their wonderful paradise island world . this world is famous throughout the cosmos for containing buildings with only 3 walls . this decreases repair costs in the event that a wall is broken , when compared with traditional 4 walled buildings . newline newline and now , having sent mikes tale to a not horrific resolution , i think i must have a word with my writer . i am becoming rather irate at the clichd writing he keeps putting in my mouth . newline newline  newline newline kind of got off topic there , hope its still enjoyable enough . newline newline mr . writer newline jesus christ almighty .  screamed the seven foot tall smoke monster as he erupted out of the poorly drawn pentagram on the floor .  i swear to heaven above and hell below , if you want another dammed boyfriend i will kill everyone you know and love .  as the immortal demon apollyon yelled in frustration as he solidified in the mortal realm once again . he looked around and saw yet another group of angry looking teenagers dressed in a collection of improvised red robes . the leader of this group stepped forwards and spoke her demands  i hereby command you to sever us demon and grant us our wishes monster   do you have any idea how many other fussy little rich kids have summond me this week alone ? ! you needed little shits  interrupted the monster .  where did you even find out how to do this ?  he screamed .  well  said jessica the leader of the impromptu cult  we learnt from reading the latest twilight novel , where bella summons a demon to   whhhhhhhhaaaattttttt ? ?  the yelled monster as the he burst into flames .  iiifff you  lll excaussssee meee , i have some one to kill very quickily , and then i will fullllfillll you usuless little excussseeee for a wish.  apollyon then disappeared into the floor , leave the cult of teenagers in the dark again .  well jess what do we do now ?  said one of the girls , who was going for an obviously gothic look  he  s already gone to kill that stupid twilight author , i mean that  s what we wanted him to do.  jessica turn to the other girl and said  i dunno maybe wish for boyfriend s or something , i didn  t think it was going to be that easy to get rid of that horrible book series.  newline you re too late !  archos the fallen said with a cackle , breaking the seal . soon , the ancient evil would be released and he would be rewarded for his devotion . newline newline ely , the thieving youth turned adventurer , swallowed hard , and looked at his compatriots . sir fralnd , a veteran of the sliven wars , and someone who had become a father to him . geil , the apprentice sorceress , and hopefullysomedaygirlfriend , and mack , the doctor , because they could nt find a proper healer .  we wo nt let you get away with this , archos !  newline newline  you fools , witness the rise  smack !  newline newline everyone turned to stare at the previously sealed evil , completely surprised , except archos the fallen . he was currently on the ground , rubbing his cheek with pain and puzzlement warring in his features . newline newline  shut it !  cried out the previously sealed evil . she was beautiful . and a lot more demurely dressed than one would expect from an evil being . newline newline archos the fallen rose to his feet ,  what was that for ?  he asked plaintively , only to be smacked to the ground again . newline newline  you foul little toad ! you lock me in there when i become inconvenient , but when , when you need my power again , you release me and expect everything to be fine and dandy ? !  newline newline  but honey ,  replied archos for all the world , sounding like a henpecked husband instead of the evil scourge of the continent of aeulslivas newline newline  umm ,  ely tried to get a word in edgewise , but the formerly sealed and apparently formerly evil woman cut him off . newline newline  shut it ! this is between me and him !  she said . newline newline ely looked at his compatriots again . geil looked confused herself , mack was his normal detached self , though his eyes were a bit wider than usual . sir fralnd ... well ... sir fralnd was currently on the ground in the fetal position , with tears streaming from his eyes , and wracked with silent laughter .newline boggles stared over the jury , who consisted of various other clowns both male and female dressed in various occupation wear or daytoday attire . his client , a bald clown with sad facepaint , sat by his defendant table wearing an orange jumpsuit and oversized handcuffs . newline newline  ladies and gentlemen of the jury , my client is in no way responsible for any form of triple homicide . newline newline the evidence i ve put forward should be compelling reason enough that he did nt do it . with his crippling rheumatoid and health issues , there s no way that in the span of an hour he could have easily killed three individuals with the weapon supplied as evidence .  he gestured over to the evidence table , with a live jaguar resting comfortably next to a nervous judiciary clerk , a large wooden stick ducttaped along the animal s spine . newline newline  i m asking that you look at the arguments i ve given and use your deductive reasoning . my man did nt do it !  he emphasized , slapping his files against his hand .  as it stands , my client is innocent and the true murderer remains at large .  boggles stared at the jury intensely and briefly scratched at his big red nose . turning to the judge , he spoke calmly .  the defense rests , your honor .  newline newline judge hiram took a drink from a cup of water and glanced over at the prosecution .  prosecution , any final statements ?  the clowns present at the prosecution table deliberated for a moment , with the chief prosecutor taking a deep breath . newline newline  no , your honor .  newline newline newline thirty minutes . the jury has been shoved into a comically small deliberation room , all twelve of them , and eventually escorted back into the courtroom with minimal shenanigans . the foreman slowly rose after being called on by the judge , and spoke with a voice similar to snagglepus .  your honor ! we the members of the jury find the defendant not guilty , haw haw !  newline newline the court erupted into rabble , as the defendant was escorted out of the courthouse and onto the front steps , where the media circus was quick to approach the elated clown and his lawyer .  sir , sir ! how does it feel to be acquitted of these charges ?  a fox news reporter asked , sticking a microphone into the defendant s face . newline newline  i feel as if this is the first day of the rest of my life .  he spoke with a comical voice . a figure approached through the crowd , smashing a cream pie against the defendant s face . the media erupted into chaos , with the assassin being pulled away . boggled clutched his client to his chest as the man collapsed , and cried out to the heavens . newline newline shane has developed quite the arm  , said david .  yes he has  , shane s mother replied ,  he takes after you  . they overlooked the yard from their porch on a cool autumn day as shane and his younger brother tossed a football back and forth .  come on !  shane s brother shouted as shane s pass flew over his head and out into the street .  i ll get shane  , his younger brother said as he jogged to the street to retrieve the football .  not if i get to it first !  and with that challenge shane dashed out into the street . newline newline he did nt see the car . the driver did nt see shane . shane saw a flash of white which slowly became a deep red . all at once brilliance surrounded him . several fuzzy figures with white face masks and funny , light blue caps stared down at him . he did nt understand . he tried to speak , announce that all was well , but all that issued forth from his tiny little mouth was a weak graveled wail . newline newline  here is your son  the nurse said as she handed david his newborn child . david s wife weakly lifted her head to see her child .  he has strong arms already . he ll be a good football player some day . just like you  .here s a twoferone : newline newline i dug my hairy , clawlike feet into the soft sand . the sihfting sand moved as i applied heavier and heavier pressure . the strong , fast , and difficult fish that had bitten my long , clear , and stronger fishing line was trying to get away in a rather unstealthy manner by applying brute force . finally , the clear line snapped and i fell backward onto the sand . newline newline  newline newline  uh , hey james ,  the doctor said . he was taller than my hastily organized memory recalled . his long lab coat was white and stained with red blood , with some of the dirty stains having turned brown with the long length of time .  you re like ... gon na die , i guess .  newline newline  oh ,  i replied . my reply was short , quick , brief , and to the point . it was the opposite of long , lengthy , or wordy . after wall , what was i , a short , unhealthy man , supposed to say to this quick bit of poor news ?  okay .  newline newline  yeah ... your heart is like ... um ... i mean , two buckets of fried chicken every morning . did you expect something different ?  the brunt doctor s forwardness was cast against his handsome , soothing smile , like the sun casting its soft , glowing rays on the slick , evil , and tortuous smile of an african lion , whose swollen mouth is stained with fresh blood . newline newline  no .  newline newline newline newline mommy . why not cookies and milk ?  newline newline  santa adores grapes and wine too sweetie . now hurry along.  newline newline on the night of christmas eve , sharon was ecstatic . that itself is an understatement , for she had been waiting for this day since jack left for the military . nothing like a romantic night before the festive day arrives . she prepares a simple meal and calls for lisa . newline newline  make sure you do your prayers.  newline newline after dinner she begins to wrap a present for him  a longines watch which he had always desired . today was the day she could properly exhibit her true dedication to him . that night , she warns lisa , newline newline  if you refuse to go to bed early today , santa will not be satisfied with your behaviour . he will only arrive once you drift off to sleep , understood ?  newline newline lisa quickly retreated to her bedroom , but a young girl  s burning curiosity could not be satiated without at least taking a peek . she succumbed to her own temptations , but who could blame her ? she tiptoed down the steps , craning her head so she could eye the grapes and wine she had meticulously placed on the coffee table . she nearly dozes off and is awoken by the ancient grandfather  s clock that made these jarring cuckoo noises that penetrated her eardrums . a shadow formed on the stairway . she scrambled to conceal herself . she was disappointed once again . it was only her mother . but to her surprise , there he was . the tall man placed the sack on the floor , and tagged behind her mother . lisa had thought that her mother could not see him , but sharon turns and invites him to the sofa . they laugh and santa is passed a box . lisa squints but is only able to make out something shiny . upon finishing the wine , the two adults headed towards the small alley in the house . lisa paused , and decided to follow them . her small feet could not chase them , but she saw a path of light that led her to sharon  s bedroom . at first , puzzling , lisa saw a mass of red and white fabric on the carpet . she pondered for a minute whether to reveal herself before unusual sounds emerged from the room . she did not know what it was . but it piqued her curiosity . she opened the door just ever so slightly but her mother notices her . she was dressed in purple and fragility , with a man who was turned away from her . newline newline  lisa.  newline newline sharon pushed the man away and ran over to hug lisa . no matter how lisa tried to identify the man , sharon would block her view . she coaxed lisa to return to her room , explaining that santa  s face must be hidden . but lisa was a better liar , a better actor , a better man . she stayed outside in the doorway after pretending to be asleep . she overheard , newline newline  i can  t do this anymore , i love you , but  newline newline the sounds returned shortly . newline newline   newline newline on the festive day , sharon pretends that nothing has happened and plasters on a smile . she welcomes jack home with an embrace . he kisses her forehead lightly . he gives her something  a ruby necklaces she had asked for . lisa smiles even brighter . newline newline that night , sharon sits on lisa  s bed , reading her a bedtime story , and after that , she tells her one last time , newline newline  santa is a very secretive man . he has told me that he does not want any witnesses . he is a mystical man , you see . now lisa , you  re a good girl , aren  t you ? and you  ll keep this secret for him ?  newline newline lisa nods . that night , the christmas joy and jingles and grandfather clock chimes could never be compared to the cacophony in lisa s head , from the night before .a sense of euphoria overtook him as he approached the casino . he had been saving his money and living frugally for the better part of 6 months now his debts were almost all gone , with exception of the credit card he d neglected so thoroughly . newline newline looking out from the parking garage s fourth story , the clear night air invigorated him . he deserved this . it is part of the human experience after all , the high of hitting a win at craps , the low of losing all two hundred dollars he could be saving for a trip to spain . he wants that emotional connection with himself , knows it allows periods of thoroughly deserved self hatred followed by the triumph of overcoming that very emotion . newline newline the following two weeks were exactly what he wanted . newline newline this time however emergencies had arisen just before his cheque from work was due , and he knew this was going to be a bad month . newline newline this time the world is scary and sleep is terrifying , he can not sleep for fear something interesting or relieving may arise while he sleeps . he makes coffee just before bed although he knows how sensitive he is to it . newline newline he wakes up tired with the thought of his bank account already on his mind , he fumbles for his phone to open the bank app . no new charges . newline newline the morning sees a fight with his girlfriend that started because of anger with himself about leaving his headset out for the cat to chew . he only knows this anger is misdirected because of the amount of times he s been here . he learns so much about himself during these introspective times . newline newline the weather is nice today , maybe things are nt so bad .the same deadpan stare met blue eyes once more , just like the days before . his fingers ran through the blonde hair , unenthused with the way it settled on the right side of his forehead . the mirror painted white walls , worn out furniture and a wan , anemic boy of fifteen winters . he gave himself another expressionless gaze and moved away from the mirror , and out of his room . newline newline on his way out of his family s cabin reserved for summers and the clear air of spring , he grabbed a hold of a black , dull bag and threw it around his shoulder . as he walked out into the sunny haze of blooming trees , blossoming flowers and fresh grass , the boy closed his eyes for a few seconds at a time and only opened them to see where he was going . newline newline the wind grazed his skin . slowly , he opened his clenched fists and released his tight jaw . no one would care about him here , and he would nt care about anyone either . the shrill cries of seagulls traveled through his ears as he made his way through the forest and down to the lake . he liked their desolate songs , it made him feel at peace . newline newline slowly , he set down his boring bag in front of his feet . he rummaged through it as he sat down upon a rock in the shade of a pine , not too far from the water s edge . his hands found a hard notebook and a black pencil with a white eraser at the end . the bindings cracked as he opened it up and brought the pencil to paper . newline newline if you ask me , that notebook was a thing of beauty , it truly was . the kind of imperturbable beauty that can only be wrought of true self expression . it contained poems of all sorts , from morose to joyous , simple to intricate , meretricious to sincere . and drawings . sketches of roses , of women from a far and different incarnations of the moon . newline newline it was the notebook of a boy without a friend in the world . are friends people that invite you to play football , or are friends people who understand you and help you to understand them ? it did nt matter . he had neither . everybody buffed ? !  newline newline the knight  s booming rhetorical question echoed obnoxiously through the cavern . he was already moving onwards with a hastened irreverence , while his companions scrambled to complete their preparations . a frail , timid sorceress and a nervous thief hopped along behind him , not wanting to get too far behind . newline newline olik had already recognised the wretched knightly cries from afar . he  d heard them once before , muffled by clanking steel and the airrending noises of incantations becoming manifest . it had been a week since then , marked by countless ceremonies to honour the dead . a week of families in mourning , of community gatherings to celebrate perseverance and strengthen resolve . newline newline this time was already different . this time the elite warriors at the front of the cavern had all fallen . this time olik got to put a face to the senseless scenes of bloodshed , even if it was obscured behind a cheap and terribly made iron helmet . newline newline the rumours of the town propaganda machine sanctioning violence were surely confirmed now . a sack of coins for a sack of goblin heads , all to protect the so called realm from threats to its citizens . the truth was simpler of course . expansion and extermination , carried out by naive thugsforhire with no money and everything to prove . newline newline olik was small in stature , even by goblin standards . aloof and thoughtful , he preferred daydreams to sparring . he was athletically gifted and fairly capable with the small blade he  d cherished since childhood , but his attachment was mostly sentimental . newline newline he  d never fought anyone or anything for real before . he  d never wanted to . newline newline  hrghhh  he exhaled , searching for but failing to find a single coherent word for his chieftain , who was preparing to charge at the intruders . newline newline he clutched at his blade so tightly that his hand was turning pale . he stared at it , trying to completely process what we knew he must use it for . newline newline in his fleeting moment of hesitation , he missed the rush . he looked on , jarred by indecision and deep panic , as his chieftan  s twin blades clashed heavily against the knight  s crude leather armour . newline newline the knight was partially off balance , yet aptly deflected attacks using the small buckler attached to his left arm . the sorceress was clearly drained , her staff had but a faint glow remaining , and she had resorted to ineffectually throwing rocks . the thief had likewise maintained equal distance , and was firing dull arrows from a cheap looking shortbow , widely missing each shot . newline newline olik snapped out of it . he glanced at his chieftain , now on the blackfoot deflecting the knight  s attacks . he glanced back at his young kin cowering behind him . he had to press forward . this was happening , he resolved . in a few precious moments he  d already nearly failed his chieftain by being late to the fray . get to it . press forward . go now . newline newline he locked his sights on the knight . if he could flank the knight unseen , he might land a blow . with his heart pounding so hard his chest was constricting , he leapt toward the clashing metal with a howl . newline newline at that moment , the sorceress pointed her staff and began to chant . it almost seemed as though she  d been waiting for this moment . the fading staff , clearly with one last charge left in it after all , erupted with a vile aberration . newline newline thorns sprouted from the cavern  s rocky soil , engulfing the chieftain and constraining his movement . the chieftain looked panicked , legs ensnared with deep thorn wounds , but olik immediately noticed the knight  s face had an equal measure of fear and dread . the knight turned and screamed an obscenity at his companions . olik tried to process what was happening for a moment , before it became abundantly clear . newline newline the knight  s right arm had also become ensnared , and new tendrils were beginning to grasp at his torso . even more shockingly , the sorceress had misjudged her spell so badly that she  d also put herself and thief within its effects . their struggle was brief . succumbing to completely helpless immobility , they looked on , gripped by cold anticipation . newline newline olik on the other hand had the agility to carefully maintain movement . with a steady but measured momentum , he closed on the struggling knight . both the knight and the chieftain were now tightly bound , bleeding , and contorted awkwardly . he raised his blade to the knight  s neck , peering into his defiant eyes . the knight spat at him , but even that little movement caused visible pain . newline newline olik pressed his mouth firmly shut , to contain the uneasy noises he imagined he  d make . he clenched the blade firmly , and drove it forward .the room was almost empty . mark sat there in the wheelchair by which he would be bound for the rest of his mortality , surrounded by relics of his past and a lone mirror to see his self . newline newline  jane  thought mark . newline newline  there s so much i wish i could still tell you . you ve been my rock , my life , my laughter and the reason for my smile . this damned disease may have taken my voice and my physical abilities but it never took what has been most important to me  you . i ll never be able to repay you for everything , from the first doctor s appointment all the way to the final diagnosis you ve been there for me . please , allow me to take you through a journey of my mind .  newline newline  may 14th 1986 , our church youth dance , otherwise known as the night my life would be irrevocably changed .  he thought , looking to the almost mummified looking corsage placed inside the glass box .  the only reason i went was because my parent s forced me to . there i was , being the wallflower i am when i saw the most beautiful creature i ve ever laid eyes on . you were dancing with your friends to the song that would tell me over and over was your favorite . love will conquer all . debating with myself over whether or not i should talk to you was one of the most difficult decisions i ve ever made . you lit up like a bulb when i asked you to dance , and dance we did . we matched each other s steps flawlessly , as if we ve been partners for years . the fun continued all night , and a week later , i , became us .  newline newline mark s train of thought was interrupted by another coughing fit . newline newline  damn disease , the doctor said my lungs will be the next to go , but anyways , where was i ? ah yes , the night i proposed . july 18th 1988 , it was a hot day but with a strong , cool breeze . you always did love your late afternoon walks through the woods . i asked to take a new path that i , without your knowledge , had been clearing for a few months . we walked side by side and hand in hand through the path until it led to the clearing that was wearing the orange shroud of the sky almost as if it were a cloak . it was then that you noticed the outline of the candles that had been placed in the shape of a circle .  what ...  you stumbled out  what s this ?  i got down on one knee and retrieved the ring box from my pocket and as the sun set on the horizon , i said  jane the past two years has been absolutely perfect , i do nt ever want it to end , i want to know ... will you marry me ? newline newline  you cried harder than i ve ever seen while saying  yes , yes , a thousand times yes .  mark thought , while glancing over to the wedding band that had been gently sitting on his ring finger for many years .  the wedding was both extravagant and elegant . i ll tell you when i first saw your beautiful face and gorgeous body approaching me from down the isle , i almost fainted . not out of fear , but out of happiness and excitement that you would be the person that i would have the privilege to spend the rest of my life with . i asked if i could be the one to pick which song we danced to , and you agreed . i never asked if you liked it , i hope you did , you always told me it was your favorite .  mark thought as a tear flowed down his cheek . newline newline  you being with me has meant so , so much . i promise you , wherever i end up after i leave , i m going to find us a nice trail in the woods and i ll wait right by the entrance for you . i know you love your late afternoon walks . i love you darling .  mark felt a warm , familiar presence on his cheek , a loving pair of lips .  hey sweetie , it s time for your doctors appointment .  said jane .  ready to go ?  newline newline mark nodded with little strength and thought  yes , i m ready . so by sheer coincidence , i happen to have the same name as udumbc0llegekid s character  but i did nt want to change it , so here goes : newline newline  johnson , i  m assigning you to department 12.  newline newline newline the agent moaned . newline newline newline  is that really necessary ?  newline newline newline  since ,  his boss replied , in a tone lacking any sympathy ,  you have been entrusted with the responsibility of showing mackenna   she paused , nodding at her newest agent ,  around , i think that it would be only fair that you give her a full introduction.  newline newline newline johnson stared at the chief imploringly . she raised an arched eyebrow . newline newline newline  but  newline newline newline  you could use the opportunity to teach her why it  s a good idea to submit your reports on time.  newline newline newline johnson opened his mouth , then sighed bitterly and turned to the young woman standing next to him . newline newline newline  god . fine . the sooner we get this over with , the better . come on.  newline newline newline  johnson.  newline newline newline  yes , chief ?  newline newline newline  be grateful i  m not sending you to 27.  newline newline newline mackenna glanced nervously between johnson , who was breathing deeply and heavily , and the chief , who had returned to tending to the reports on her desk . she gave her a quick , awkward nod , before hurrying out of the office after her supervisor . newline newline newline  uhm ,  she said , trotting in an attempt to keep up with agent johnson  s angry strides ,  what exactly is department 12 ?  newline newline newline  hell ,  he grumbled , as stabbed the lift button with his finger . newline newline newline  uhm ,  newline newline newline johnson glanced down at the confused face of his young colleague . he sighed , resigned . newline newline newline  officially : media inspection committee . actual job : sedition review . look for antiprop  that  s propaganda  messages , all that stuff.  newline newline newline  that doesn  t sound so bad ,  mackenna offered . newline newline newline  see ,  grumbled johnson , as the lift doors began to close ,  that  s usually what people say before things get really fucked.  newline newline newline  newline newline newline department 12 was located at the end of the eastern wing of the third floor of block b . newline newline newline or , as agent johnson liked to call it , the entrance to hell . newline newline newline mackenna found herself waiting outside a pair of ominous steel doors , with a single large   12   engraved on them  with a laser , she suspected  and an electronic entrypad to their left side . newline newline newline  alright ,  said johnson , turning to look at her ,  here  s the plan . we go in , listen to their report , and get the fuck out of there . your job is to say nothing and watch me . then we go and get a coffee , because fuck sandell . we  ve got an hour , as long as we get the report in , what does she care ?  newline newline newline  uhm , maybe you shouldn  t talk about the chief like that.  newline newline newline  she knows . doesn  t give a shit . you  ve seen her . does she look like she gives a shit ?  he paused , and , answering his own question , continued ,  no . let  s go.  newline newline newline mackenna wasn  t sure what she was expecting , but somehow , department 12 wasn  t it . there were the typical desks and chairs , but the room at the end of the hall seemed more like a sitting room than an office . in its centre was a large , wooden table , surrounded by several chairs that looked too comfortable to fit in a department budget . the table was covered with books , paper , and what looked like the remains of a plate of biscuits . around it sat three men . newline newline newline  alright ,  said johnson in the tense manner one approaches a wild animal ,  i  m here for your report.  newline newline newline the men looked up at him , their faces lighting up at being asked to present their findings . johnson frowned . newline newline newline  well , as i  m sure you know ,  began the man with the black glasses ,  we  ve been analyzing the dragonman movie.  newline newline newline  oooh ,  said mackenna ,  i  ve been looking forward to that sorry ,  she added hastily , noticing johnson  s disapproving glare . newline newline newline the man in the black glasses smiled warmly at her . newline newline newline  so , as i  m sure you know , the movie begins with dragonman losing his job . he  s down and out , finds lost , and finds himself on the streets in a state of abject misery.  newline newline newline  which ,  said the man with the moustache ,  is clearly an analogy for prerevolutionary society.  newline newline newline the corner of johnson  s lip twitched . newline newline newline  now , dragonman  s recurring motif is , obviously , the dragon . what does a dragon symbolize ? well , if we look at representations of dragons throughout human culture and history , we see a traditional association with power and authority . the dragon as symbol , then , represents authority in its varied forms  authority over the self , authority over the state , a  newline newline newline  please ,  growled johnson .  skip ahead to the relevant bits . newline newline newline looking offended , the man with the moustache continued .  if we take dragonman  s own initial despair as a historical analogy , this first change  disruption to his norm  is clearly analogical to the period of turmoil we experienced during the revolution.  newline newline newline  and ,  the man with the green eyes added ,  dragonman  s discovery of his dragon powers is a clear representation of the new republic  s acquisition of power.  newline newline newline  which he uses to help people . so it  s positive ,  said johnson . newline newline newline  ah ,  said the man with the black glasses ,  is it ? you  re only looking at one layer.  newline newline newline  what.  newline newline newline  you see ,  he said ,  while on the surface , dragonman overcoming his hardships may seem like a story representing progress and a development of his character , we can take the movie in a different light  as a satirical deconstruction of the dragonman narrative.  newline newline newline  what the fuck are you talking about.  newline newline newline  we take for granted that dragonman is the hero of his own story . if we , however , stop and analyse the movie , we see that it offers a different perspective that dragonman is as much the villain of dragonman as x  thalr.  newline newline newline  but ,  said mackenna ,  isn  t x  thalr obviously evil ?  sorry.  newline newline newline  see ,  said the man in the black glasses , his eyes glistening ,  these are the very assumptions the movie subverts . we , as viewers , assume a binary morality in its two central characters  an ethical dichotomy , if you will . x  thalr , while being the antagonist , is not evil.  newline newline newline  so it  s bad ,  growled johnson . newline newline newline  no ,  snapped the man with the moustache .  that  s too simplistic . see , if we analyse the depictions of x  thalr , what stands out about him ?  newline newline newline johnson stared blankly . newline newline newline  he  s always framed in proximity to light . whereas dragonman  newline newline newline  is usually in the shadows ,  gasped mackenna . newline newline newline  correct . and  newline newline newline  so what is your fucking conclusion ?  snapped johnson . newline newline newline  agent johnson ,  said the man with the black glasses , visibly annoyed ,  that  s really quite rude of you . we haven  t even begin to talk about the use of colour , let alone the role of the third act  newline newline newline  for ,  snarled johnson , rubbing his forehead with a finger and thumb ,  the love of fucking god , would you please just fucking tell me what your conclusion is ?  newline newline newline the three men fell silent , before one finally spoke . newline newline newline  it  s a good movie , complex , lots of hidden meaning  can  t really say anything for certain.  newline newline newline  newline newline newline  i don  t know ,  said mackenna as johnson stormed down the corridor ,  they seemed nice.  newline newline newline  newline newline newline several months later , agent johnson received a dvd of the new dragonman movie as a present from a friend . newline newline newline he broke it in half . newlinewhy do nt they understand ? newline newline sure , this is fun . i can agree with them on that point . finally getting to put on the armor , pick up the sword , and go out adventuring is like a dream come true ... but it is nt our world . our world is somewhere else . where we were born and raised . where our families live . where we met each other . is nt that important ? newline newline we came to this world by accident . when we read that book and it transported us here , i was terrified . all my friends were gone , replaced with these strange creatures i could nt recognize . what if i never saw them again ? when i finally found them and told them i wanted to go home , they looked at me like i was crazy .  why would i want to go home ?  they asked me .  i have everything i ve ever wanted here . we re heroes now !  newline newline even if this world is wonderful . even if we can be heroes here ... this is nt our world . we do nt belong here . these are nt our wars to fight . how can we decide what s right in a world we ca nt understand ? besides , i m not even sure this world is real ... what if we re all just dreaming ? do nt we need to wake up ? newline newline i could nt figure out how to do that , though . nothing i tried brought me any closer to going home ... then i found the first one . i was nt sure what to do at first . this thing calling itself a  guardian  attacked me with no explanation . it was nt until after i beat him that he explained the world pillars . he said they hold the world together , and that when they were all gone a  new world would be revealed  . before i even had a chance to think about it , the pillar he d been guarding shattered right before my eyes . newline newline i was happy , though . i d found a way we could all go home together . once again , though , no matter how much i talked to my friends they all said i was crazy for wanting to go home . i just ca nt understand it . no matter how much fun this place is , it s just pretend ... and we have to face what s real ... do nt we ? newline newline but ... if this world is real ... what happens when the last pillar breaks ? what happens to the people who belong here ? do they go to a new world ? do they ... disappear ? i do nt see how this world could be real . there s no way it could be anything but a storybook ... but ... can i take that risk ... ? newline newline my friends have been looking worried lately when i talk to them . like they re scared to go back home . home is nt scary . it is nt sad . it s where we belong ... right ? newline newline i just want to go home . do nt you , mewt ?saturday , 12.00am newline newline i come to with a start . it takes me a good few minutes to remember where i am , who i am and my condition . i groggily get up and check out my reflection in the mirror . yup , my old self again . well , for this time of the day , anyway . few people get to see me this way . newline newline i ve only got till dawn to be an adult . better make the most of it . i shower , get dressed and prepare to hit the clubs . something s not quite right though . i stare in the mirror for a long time , trying to remember what i did last week . newline newline a flicker ! suddenly , my hair looks a little thicker . of course  i had a full head of a year just a year ago . i check the time , and sure enough it s 1am . chuckling to myself as i head out the door , i make sure to note that this reverse ageing thing is nt all bad . newline newline 3.23am newline newline lol i got some mad gsame bro just hookedu p with this prttty hot chick , going bacvk to her place yeeeeh newline newline 8.52am newline newline holy fuck , i m lying in bed with a naked girl . she s college aged and i can see her boobs . i m so hard , but my head fucking hurts . i really should leave before she wakes up , but i ca nt stop staring at her boobs . got ta savor the memory , you know ? newline newline oh shit , she s stirring . i better get out of here before she sees me . but it s too late , she groans , turns to me and opens her left eye .  whoa ,  she halfwhispers , then massages her temples with her fingertips .  god i must have been drunk ...  suddenly looking queasy , she leaps out of bed , stumbled to the bathroom and vomited violently into the toilet . newline newline i hop out of bed myself and try to dress as quickly as i can , but i see it s already 9.01am . the girl comes back out of the bathroom , takes another look at me and barely attempts to hide her disgust . i spin around to catch a glimpse of my reflection , and a bunch of angry red pimples glare back . oh yeah .  where did you get your fake id , kid ?  she asks wearily . i mumble something unintelligible , finally finish dressing then make my way out the door . she makes no protest . newline newline i look out at the street . oh shit . i have no idea where i am . this is nt a part of town i m familiar with . i pull out my phone . battery dead , of course . i rummage for my wallet . missing , of course . fuck . this is fucking bullshit . there s hardly anyone about either . i m not going back to the girl though . i decide i ll ring the neighbour s door and ask for help . a sallowfaced middle aged man answered .  excuse me , sir  , i ask him , my voice cracking .  i m lost . could you help me ?  he scowled at me , exclaimed  beat it , punk . you litle shits get drunk , that s your problem  , then shut the door in my face . newline newline well that fucking stung . if people are going to be that rude , i m gon na find my way home myself . newline newline 10.36am newline newline i m going to make it back to my house by myself i do nt need anyone s charity . i can do this . i m not going to puss out . i know the way home . it s that way , i know it . newline newline 12.15pm newline newline i m tired . i m hungry . i wish mom could come and pick me up . i ve gone the wrong way , i know it . i m sure i ve been going around in circles for ages . i m not giving up just yet though . newline newline 1.48pm newline newline yay ! i finally got someone to help me ! i ve got a car ride back to my house ! and would you believe it , it s the same man who shut the door in my face earlier ! he said his name was bill . i was walking through a park and he just happened to be sitting on a bench there . i guess i just do nt look as gross at this age ! newline newline 2.04pm newline newline huh , this is weird . we do nt seem to be going back to my house . we ve got back to bill s house again . he told me he has to go get something before he ll go back .  and you must be so hungry , come in and i ll give you a snack  . well , i certainly am real hungry so i follow him in . newline newline 3.10pm newline newline bill is so nice ! he gives me lots and lots of snacks and he must like them too because he keeps licking his lips . he tells me  i do nt know what it is but you seem to be getting more adorable by the minute  . haha bill s so funny . i told him that i have a special power that i look younger as the day goes on and he said that was really awesome and that i should stay for dinner . his food is really good so i will . newline newline 4.49pm newline newline man this is cool bill has lots of cool toys to play with . he said he likes watching me play with them and i know why because they re really fun . he said he had to start cooking soon and then there ll be a special surprise after dinner . newline newline 6.03pm newline newline bill makes me really good burgers and fries they i say  these are super yummy  and he says  not as yummy as you  and i laugh thats funny i say to him . bill then says its time for the special surprise and tells me to close my eyes and i do so . newline newline 6.55pm newline newline bill did things i did nt like it hurt it hurt heaps but i kicked him hard and he screamed and stopped and i ran away and we played hide and seek and it was nt fun and now i m in this bathroom and i ca nt get out . newline newline 7.02pm newline newline i tried going throw the window again i did it this time i got out of the house but it is getting dark and i m scared and i ran and ran until i fell into a hole and i m stuck . newline newline 8.00pm newline newline i am cold it hurts i ca nt get up newline newline 9.00pm newline newline i want my mommy newline newline 10.00pm newline newline ow ow newline newline 11.00pm newline newline waaaaaaaaah newline newline sunday , 12.00am newline newline i come to with a start . my body expands into area that is much too small for it . there is a sickening crunch and excruciating pain as my body contorts against the walls of the shallow hole . my mouth presses hard against the dirt and i ca nt breath . blackness consumes me . my eyes ... i ... i ca nt see .  newline newline the crew looked at their captain in horror . this could nt be it . they were so close to finally killing the inquisitor , all it required was for their captain to use his rifle and keen eyes to hit him . but that hope vanished into nothing as they saw him hold his hand in front of his eyes . newline newline iris ran up to the captain and held his face . the burning ash had badly burned the surrounding of his eyes , like a sick pair of glasses seared into his skin . she felt tears welling up . this man , who had given everything to keep his crew alive , make the galaxy a better place , who everyone had put their hope in , could no longer do what he did best and she felt the hope and will leave this man s body . she ran for some cool water and gently washed away residue ash . she choked up . without the ash the sight of the captain s face was even worse , whilst he was in visible pain . newline newline  i m so sorry . i ca nt do it . i ca nt shoot him from this far being blind .  newline newline  bullshit !  newline newline the quartermaster had walked up to the captain , and pulled him on his feet .  yer blasted shooting skills do nt rely on yer goddamned eyes ! ye have shot over a hundred poor sods from miles away . ye pull off shots across the abyss of space without looking through the darn scope , and ye want me to believe it s yer eyes that do that ? !  the captain looked up to his friend , his trusted companion who had stood by him during countless battles and boardings and whispered :  but to do the math , i need to see jasper .  the quartermaster gave the captain a slap on the shoulder and bellowed :  then we be yer eyes lad , ye do yer fancy headwork !  newline newline the captain took his rifle off his shoulder and loaded it .  jasper has a point .  he thought to himself , as he prepared his rifle flawlessly without being able to see . his eyes still stung badly , but he managed to ignore it .  allright , what are we looking at people ?  iris grinned and started describing the scene that was unfolding in front of them .  we re moving parallel to the inquisitor . our speed is one hundred and thirty seven astral units . they are moving at something resembling one hundred and fifty eight astrals . distance between the voidwalker and them is ... eighty five astral miles .  as she was speaking , she could see the captain adjust his aim . how he could do something so precise being blind , she d never understand .  where is the inquisitor ?   upper deck , five feet left of the symbol .  the captain adjusted his aim up a little . she would have thought he was insane , if she had nt seen her captain shoot his targets square in the face from such distances before . the captain held his breath . newline newline he heard the gently hum of his ship s engines . he heard the roar of the inquisitor s combustion engines . the loud laughter from the person who had destroyed countless lives on the other ship , mocking him , satisfied he had blinded the only person that could get him . newline newline blam !  newline newline the sound of the shot was deafening . maybe it was because the crew was completely silent when the shot was fired . iris flinched at the sound . the crew had all stopped . their lives depended on that one shot . they all just stared at the man on the other ship wearing the bright red inquisitor coat , who was just laughing , assured of his victory . newline newline newline and then his face formed a grimace , as he slowly collapsed , lifeless . so what do you think it ll be , i mean your dad ended up with a gorilla which is scary as hell . then your brother and mother both have giant boas equally terrifying . do nt get me wrong they are lovely people and their partners are gentle , but to the average passer bye your family is quite off putting .  he wasn  t wrong , but this was something i was all too familiar with . newline  listen eric , i  m well aware that i much like my family will end up with some bizarre , off the beaten path partner . i have come to accept that it  s not going to do any good guessing when ill find out in the morning . so let  s just hit the hay , i  m sure nin is tired anyways.  eric laid back down in his sleeping bag defeated , allowing nin his big green sloth to resume her resting place across his chest . the look of comfort and ease on her face showed just how close her and eric were , but it  s not only them every person has this unbreakable bound to their partner . from the dawn of your eighteenth birthday till the day you pass on they are there . people say they represent the personality of the individual . which seem to be true my father ended up with bern a massive silver back gorilla with arms as think as my dad himself .  6  2 and 200 lbs for needles reference  . now my dad is nice guy he just also happens to be the police chief and is quite the stern takes no bullshit alpha male kind . my mother the city mortician . you can guess how they meet , but they  ve never mentioned it . is accompanied by whendon a twenty foot boa , jet black and blood red in the pattern of skulls and bones , she  s always been interested in morbid things even as a child or so grandma tells me . then there is nathan my older brother who also has a boa for a partner , hess is completely white and half the size . still people seem more unnerved by the ghost like presence he gives off than the oddly vibrant pattern of whendon . newline  yeah my family has some odd features , but i like that about us and you like that about us . i mean the reason you came to me on the first day of kindergarten was because you saw my folk  s partners . remember what you said to me ?  i looked at eric and he had that cheesy grin he always bared when thinking back on fond memories . newline  your parents have the craziest partners i have ever seen . can i be your friend ?  he finished with a chuckle . newline  now here we are hanging out on a summer night before the awakening of my partner , just like we did for you two months ago , and the wait is killing me . i finally get why you were so wound up.  i rolled onto my side to face the few remaining flames of the camp fire . thinking about what the morning would bring the only thing i knew for sure was that tomorrow my life is going to change , and i intend to embrace whatever the future has in store for me . newline the thud brought the meaning on the word  awake  to a whole new level . i was up on my feet running before i realized what was even happening . after about twenty feet i hear the most bone chillingly roar i could have never imagined . the hollow cavern howl meet with a raging thunderstorm raining down on an erupting volcano the sound reduced me to a statue , paralyzed with fear . i mustered up everything i had to turn my head , and what i saw made my stomach sink to my ankles . a fucking dragon three fucking stories tall was looming in the clearing that is our campsite . it looked right into my eyes and i knew right at that moment i was not prepared for this outcome . his eyes were a beautiful sunset orange , his scales the most magnificent blue with a sheen to match the finest polished silver . the body sleek and trim but noticeably muscular , you could tell just by looking at him that he possessed a will that would not falter . a confidence that would not be broken by any hard ship , and perseverance to accomplish all that he desired . i know now with that one look into his eyes i see the man i am to become , this is my partner , and my parents are not going to be happy about the increase in the grocery bill . newline newline thanks to anyone who reads this it is my first prompt after lurking for a few months . any suggestions and critique are welcome . i am new so i wish learn more and write better stories . newlinetell me who i am ,  she said placidly as we stirred over our tears and cocktails . newline newline well . your favorite color is pink ... you like your cereal with milk ... you dot your i s with hearts and you re always the queen when we play makebelieve and you like torturing insects under a magnifying glass .  newline newline it s all true . it s still true , ten years later . it s still true that i like it when you smile for me . but at the same time ... i do nt want you to even be able to smile . it does nt seem fair , because i cried so much for you .  newline newline and why was that ? i was nt the best playmate . tied down to a bed , tubes stuck through my nose , an iv dripping on my wrist , unable to run and shout and dance with you , and besides my smiles were always lies . so why did you cry ?  newline newline i thought if i stuck around long enough , you d love me too . we d have something that was too real for everybody else .  newline newline do nt be silly . i wo nt smile for you today , but only because i m angry that your dumb plan actually worked .  newline newline i m glad .  newlinethe chattering of machine guns and the deafening thunder of missiles reaching for the sky . the bows of the trojans aiming for the gods themselves as they crashed from olympus . newline newline the fleet burned the sky , wooden arks lit aflame by the torches of the mongols . steel insistence that the dawn of man was not unjust . conquerors from the ancient , primordial stars were nothing to the phalanxes of the persians and the levies of the khmer . newline newline though the tired souls of men from slaying kin were worn and the final winter was settling the end was not inevitable . the rocky craters and stubborn mountains and caves of the world refused surrender to the invaders . for the centuries on as the shogunates returned and fled to their holes , the whispers would not be lost . the totems were burned but not forgotten . the screech of unearthly steel was always recalled . the crashing of their fists and limbs . the breath of fresh air and the trickling of water as the final flames engulfed the earth .eric and denise had just confessed to each other their deepest , darkest secret , which was oddly enough the same exact one  that they had promised their first newborn child to a witch in exchange for a certain favor . each did so at a different point in time of their life and for different reasons , but none of that mattered now , as they re pasts were coming back to haunt them . newline newline eric finally broke the long silence that followed their confessions ,  what did you trade for ? no , actually never mind . i do nt want to know . what we need to do now is figure out a plan .  newline newline  fine . but what are we to do ?  , denise said coldly , clearly upset with her husband and equally herself for their contemptible decisions long ago . eric shrugged , and they fell back into silence .  how is it that fate would damn us like this ? how would i promise the wicked eastern witch and he the wicked western witch the same thing ? why did we do it ?  , denise mused . newline newline the two had yet to procreate , and at the age of 42 a piece , were definitely behind the average couple , undeniably procrastinating due to the fact they each knew their first born was to be either taken , sacrificed , raised as an evil witch , used in a potion , or god knows what else . newline newline eric suggested ,  we could just never have a child , never fulfill our promises . one of us has to break their pact anyhow ...  newline newline denise said ,  i wish that we could , but we both know full well it would nt work . my witch made it perfectly clear i was to live up to my promise . that if i did nt , my family all the way to extended and beyond would pay the price and so too would my friends . i m assuming the same is true for you . i ca nt live with that and i know you could nt either .  newline newline eric slunk down further and said ,  ugh ... you re right .  he cursed himself for being so naive in his youth , for not being able to see the consequences of such selfish decisions . he figured himself a horrible human and in worse shape than even faust , who was willing to at least put his own soul on the trading block , not someone else s .  but which witch is not going to get their prize ? we ca nt have two first children . unless ...  newline newline  unless what ?  newline newline eric raised up slightly ,  unless we go for twins . we can ensure twins by having two of your eggs fertilized in vitro and implanted . the doctor might think it odd . we might have to find an unusual one , pay an unusual price , but it can be done . each witch gets their twin . but i do nt feel any better about it . we are choosing between our future little ones and ones we already know , without any of them knowing about it . oh pity me lord !  newline newline denise remained silent and brooded over this newly hatched plan for awhile .  wait . there is another way . yes . we ll need to do everything as you just said , only we can save them  the twins and our current loved ones .  newline newline incredulously , eric asked ,  how ?  newline newline  i ll tell you , but first , but would you be able to get in touch with the wicked northern witch ?  newline newline  newline newline 14 months later newline newline they had arranged everything , double checked it , and then once more . eric and denise were confident they would succeed . they had came back from the hospital only a few hours ago , after denise successfully delivered two healthy , beautiful babies . newline newline they awaited in the room with the two fully stocked cribs . they waited and waited , anxiously . it was now almost midnight , the time they knew witches conducted their business with the mortals . newline newline a bright flash blinded all in the room . cries started pouring from each of the cribs . a cloaked figure was floating before them in the center of the room . then another flash came about , of a slightly different color but tantamount to the first s brightness . the easily recognizable laughs from the witches were heard , ragged and high pitched . newline newline west witch said ,  what s she here ? what is this ? do you take me as some sort of fool ? i will have you both turned to poor , wretched moles right here and now !  newline newline the east witch retorted ,  ugh . you foul thing . let s not prolong this . give me the first child now .  newline newline the west witch came back ,  what ? ! no the first born is mine ! what is this ?  newline newline eric , fumbling his words , intervened ,  listen . we uh.. ahem . okay now , we have had twins . two first borns . one for each of you . both baby boys . please , though , you do nt have to do this still .  newline newline west witch raised her voice ,  quiet you !  the room miraculously darkened around them .  yes , of course we must still proceed , you foolish fool . i have not the time for this insolence . you are lucky i do nt remove your heads right now .  she swept over to the first crib . newline newline east witch swept over to the second crib , not wanting to waste time either . they both reached for the tiny figures and plucked them from their cribs . as they did so , they screamed out . they tried to drop them , to throw them from their clasps , but it seemed as if they were glued to one another . they began howling bloodcurdling screams . their bodies began to be unraveled , like a dressing over a wound , except all their material was going directly into the little ones they were holding . their screams continued until the last ounce of them was sucked into the little figures , and then they fell to the ground with a hard crash . newline newline a third flash appeared , and the north witch revealed herself to them and said ,  pleasure doing business with you two .  she scooped up the two figurines , which were boobytrapped dolls . eric and denise ran to check on the two babes who were in the basement . they embraced one another and sighed in relief . newline newline the north witch was hovering behind them ,  would you like to make a deal ? i can promise you   newline newline denise and greg simultaneously yelled ,  no ! it s pretty tough out there for a psychiatrist nowadays . newline newline people do nt believe me when i tell them , but it s true . i started practicing after passing my boards two years ago , and i m still over a hundred grand in debt . i decided , in my infinite wisdom , to hang my shingle in an area that was currently  medically underserved  to take advantage of a few tax breaks , but , sheltered schoolboy that i ve been for the past 26 years of my life , i failed to realize that it meant working in a neighborhood that looks more like a demilitarized zone . i ve had to move three times already , as the neighbors rapidly become intolerable . my office has been broken into twice , my picture window shattered three times , and worse , all that the vandals did was spray paint the inside of my waiting room , so of course my insurance did nt want to pay . newline newline oh , and my insurance company hates me . newline newline since i do nt want to become a drug dealer  too much local competition , hardihar  , i ve had to get creative with how i make ends meet . newline newline i decided to go hitech , and got a website . for a low monthly fee , all the internet s hypochondriacs and neurotics can write an actual doctor and get  nonbinding , nonofficial  opinions sent straight to their inbox . if they really do want an official diagnosis , that can be done too : we meet in a public place , i do a couple tests , and bam !  , i bill your insurance . in return , you get yourself a nice , shiny affirmation of your personal demons . lowstress , no muss , and no fuss . newline newline mostly , i get the usual . lots of generalized anxiety , some depressives , and the occasional suicidal .  i make it a point to never charge anyone in the last category  despite my shady , legalgrayarea side business , i m not that big a jerk .  newline newline sometimes , i get more unusual cases . cases where a person is afraid to talk to a doctor in person , but wants help anyway . usually , it s because they do nt want to be arrested , or they re terrified of news getting out . newline newline i learned during my rotations that doctors in bad areas of town get quite a lot of traffic from debutantes not wanting their darling family doctor to know about their genital warts . i suppose the same is true for psychiatry , because i ve heard some things . newline newline most of them i ca nt tell you about . doctorpatient confidentiality . you understand . newline newline most of them . except for this one . newline newline it started six months ago , on a saturday . mr. robinson was my last patient . i wrote him a script for an antidepressant , i locked up , and went home . newline newline at 12:30 at night , my phone beeped . email alerts . i usually turn it off , but i d been exhausted when i finally got to bed . newline newline someone wanted my attention . the subject line said  hello  , but it was tagged from my consultancy website . i blinked the sleep out of my eyes , and read on newline newline when i opened the email , it was empty . there was an attachment . newline newline i opened it . newline newline when i saw the photo , i thought several things . firstly , that the bathroom looked familiar . secondly , that the body slumped against the wall looked an awful lot like mr. robinson . newline newline and thirdly , that that was a lot of blood . far , far too much blood , too much blood for the donor to be alive , too much for newline newline i saw the wide , dry smile carved into mr robinson s neck , his skin like wax , his shirt so red ... and i knew . newline newline god , there was a lot . the walls were splattered with it , smeared and sprayed in crazed whirls ... wait . a pattern . it was writing ! a message ! newline newline now wide awake , my every nerve ionized and flaring , i read the letter from hell . newline newline it said ,  can you fix me ?  newline newline with a start , i realized why the bathroom looked so familiar . newline newline it was mine .i actually wrote this story a while back for a game i was playing , but it fits pretty well with the prompt . i hope you like it , even if it s slightly off topic . newline  newline newline his hand twitched impatiently , the sinuous coils in his suit tightening the grip on the flail in his hand . the soft sound of spikes disturbing the ground was registered and he swiveled to face the noise , his desire overriding his knowledge , creating a feedback loop of impatient tension . he was itching for a fight . the low rumble of his engine made the crashing pounding of his blood nearly unbearable in its intoxicating power . he was swimming in a sea of his own mind , and it was drowning him . he roiled with disgust , and hoped desperately for the opportunity of mindlessness , the vacuity that loomed in his thoughts like a lighthouse and could be tossed to him like a life raft , saving him from himself . he hated these sleepless nights more than anything . newline newline not that he slept  even in his dreams he was alive : a dervish , a tempest , a typhoon roaring across all that stood before him . krieg would dream he was whole again , endlessly charging across that pockmarked field of death , forever close to that other side , forever far away . then in his dream he would feel the fire burning at his back , his body launched and torn like a ragdoll . upon waking , the fire would be there , the warm glow of his engine making him sweat coldly , scream soundlessly . he slept fitfully , always . sleep held no sanctuary for him . newline newline other nights he would dream he was amidst a thousand enemies , swinging mightily and wildly . he was threshing a battlefield and sowing dragon  s teeth in the furrows , two more enemies rising for each fallen comrade . his roar of rage was the overtone song of a steam whistle  his blood was vapor , whistling out and wetting the faces of his enemies . in his sleep there was endless war , but it did not save him . he still could think as he slaughtered  his visage frowned mightily upon this reflection . the killing would slowly lose its luster , and he would awaken once more . newline newline when it wasn  t dreams , it was memories : he hated these most of all , but could do the least to stop them . he was whole , like in his dreams of the charge , but now he was sitting in his bunk , staring at his hands , and the rifle it carried . he sat , as adler and scheumann played their pornographic cards . he remembered that everyone once agreed that the queen of hearts had the best girl , but he thought to himself that the ace of clubs seemed a nice sort , and that he would find the model after the war . he would be a hero , after all , and could go anywhere and be with anyone as he pleased . lost in this reverie , he would hear the kommandant whistle , and everyone would scrabble to clean up and grab his or her weapons . he remembered calmly standing up , and being the first to file out , time slowing as the slightly rotting timber of the breastworks passed over his head , as the mud would slowly suck at his boots , reluctant to part like lovers on a bridge . he remembered the grim faces of his comrades , as they all looked between them , striving to remember each other  s faces , as friends do before parting for a long time . the kommandant raised his sword , and the order was given . he remembers climbing over the top of the trench , gripping the wood of his rifle in one hand and the wood of the breastworks in the other . he remembers beringer falling backwards into the trench , her helmet flying off from the force . the glckners trying to grab each other  s hands as the mortar split them apart . enns marching silently forward , the tears streaming down his face . janson crawling , still with gun in hand , his legs in tatters . he remembers reaching almost all the way to the end as his friends and comrades were all cut down like wheat on that muddy , godforsaken field . he remembers the brief pause as he made eye contact with the boy in the blue uniform , who looked entirely too young and entirely too terrified to be manning that machine gun . and then he remembers the nothingness : that sweet drug he has chased for years after , the end to his torment just like it ended the torment of that field so long ago . the pain of living being ended , the worry , the suffering , the useless fury and sorrow  all gone , with a pop like a bubble . the roar in his head subsiding to a gentle tide , pulsing in and out as his eyelids grew heavy and he could no longer see that boys face , the bayonet lodged in his chest , hands scrabbling at the metal newline newline and then he remembers the cold . the sudden jolts of instinct making him thrash and shake , but he could not . he was trapped . he could not move his arms or legs , for he could not move that which was not there . and then he remembers what he saw : the kommandant looking straight and not at him . he remembers thinking the kommandant was taller before , and then seeing the marshal . instinctively he straightens and tries to raise his hand , but fails . the marshal peers up at him . he does not remember being this tall . the marshal moves out of his line of sight , and he hears a whirring and a bubbling behind him . the marshal comes back before his eyes , and the marshal is holding a gun . the marshal holds this out before him , and he remembers reaching out to it . he remembers not feeling it at first , but as the heat grew behind him , so did his senses . he could finally hear what the marshal was saying , and he tried to look sidelong at the kommandant , who turned completely away from him . the marshal grabbed his visage and moved it bodily towards him . the marshal comes in close and he says ,  charge.  newline newline he did as he was ordered , for he was still a soldier . they say that the line was broken through that day , and that a great victory was won , but he did not see it or care . he charged that day and never stopped . he died on a battlefield , and was born anew on a battlefield . all he would come to know was that field and all he would come to crave would be found on it . newline newline for he was wrath incarnate . for he was power in motion . for he was the unstoppable force , rushing headlong to find an immovable object . newline newline for he was krieg , and krieg was war . newlinemortimer shouldered his bag and reached for the doorknob , a downpour of rain greeted him after opening the door . newline he held out his hand , rain pelted its surface in large drops ,  better wear a poncho , i guess .  newline newline henrietta glared outside the window . her fat cat sat on the window stool , purring gently . newline she squinted , eyes glued to the figure passing by her window .  mortimer .  newline there walked mortimer , taking slow heavy steps as he pressed against the wind , his black poncho billowed behind him like a dark cape . newline a shiver ran across henrietta s spine ,  that man gives me the heebiejeebies .  newline newline mortimer was halfway to work when the same old building caught his eyes , the same one everyday . newline he smiled to himself as he stared at the ageold mansion of gothic design ,  look at that tower , those doors , the windows ! so perfect !  newline the curtains were quickly drawn into place . newline newline  harold ,  a concerned woman asked . newline  yes , dear ?  replied harold , fixing his tie . newline  that man is here again , looking inside the windows .  newline  just leave him be , martha . he ai nt hurting nobody .  newline the heavy sound of a doorhanger banging into an old wooden door . newline martha made her way to the door and stared through the peephole , she gasped and fell backwards onto her bum ,  harold ! harold ! he s here .  newline outside the door was mortimer , running his hands over the heavy iron doorhanger ,  ... .a real beauty .  newline the woman crawled backwards ,  harold ! did you hear me ? he s here ! he s come to take me away !  newline harold burst into the hallway , a chain of garlic hanging around his neck , wielding a wooden stake ,  bar the door !  newline she slammed her back against the door and began to cry ,  harold , do something .  she whimpered . newline  keep quiet !  he commanded , no sound from the other side of the door . newline he inched closer and brought his eye up to the peephole , nobody . newline harold slumped onto the floor ,  he s gone .  newline his wife stared at him , raising an eyebrow ,  garlic ?  newline  shut up .  he muttered , redfaced . newline newline mortimer walked in the office , got to his desk and hung his heavy woolen coat over his chair . newline he tapped the vampire bobblehead on desk , smiling as it did what bobbleheads do , and made his way to the coffee machine . newline after pouring out a cup for mortimer , the machine beeped in anger , signalling that it was out of coffee . newline kelly walked into the break room and stepped in beside mortimer , staring at the coffee machine ,  is it empty ?  newline mortimer stirred his cup and nodded , he smiled when an great idea hit him . newline newline the long slender man abruptly turned his neck to face her ,  if you want , you can have mine . i m not a fan of machine coffee .  newline kelly felt the blood drain from her face ,  you did nt put anything in there , did you ?  she chuckled nervously . newline mortimer s dark eyes locked with her own , he began to laugh that frightening laugh of his , then cut it off abruptly ,  i would nt dare .  said mortimer with a large toothy grin . newline sweat began to pour down kelly s back ,  you know , i think i read somewhere that coffee is actually really unhealthy , i ll switch to tea .  she said , turning to leave . newline the man cleared his throat , kelly somehow felt compelled to stop ,  i insist ,  he smiled ,  please .  newline she took the cup with a trembling hand and took a sip . newline the man s eyes went wide and laughed that toecurling laugh again . newline the plastic cup of coffee hit the floor ,  what did you put in there ?  she said with frightful eyes . newline  sugar and milk ,  replied mortimer . newline  ooh .  she stammered . newline  it s a joke ,  the man winked ,  we like to have fun here .  newline kelly suffered from an increased heart rate for the rest of the week . newline newline work came at an end , mortimer frowned when he saw it was still raining and donned his black poncho . newline aside from a group of scene kids declaring their undying loyalty to him , the trip home was uneventful . newline he placed his poncho on the coathanger , a black cat came out to greet him . newline mortimer scratched the cat behind her ears ,  hello paws , i feel like i did good today . i complimented a couple s home , selfishly offered my drink to the needy and even made a joke !  newline he smiled ,  you know people in my last town used to be afraid of me ? darnest thing . i wo nt allow for that happen here , no siree .  newline the cat purred in approval . it s a me , mario !  newline newline that statement echoed the hallways of bowser s castle . anyone else who was going to stand in my way had just been warned that their certain doom was approaching . i had already vanquished my foes in the other 9 castles of the other 9 worlds . i thought to myself ,  surely i will find princess peach in this castle .  of course , i had said that about the 9 other castles , but i was still optimistic about her being in this one . newline newline i approached the door to the boss s chamber . even though i knew king bowser himself was probably in there , i felt more confident than ever . i opened the door to the boss s room and went inside . the boss s room was strangely ordinary , with a just a flat floor and flat walls . i looked around for king bowser because i did nt see him at first . newline newline after a second or two , i looked down a little and noticed an ordinary goomba . it was almost insulting that there was nothing special about this goomba . he did nt have wings , large size , or anything to present a significant challenge . i could nt believe this . newline newline i ran toward him and jumped on his head . as soon as i landed squarely on his head , he disappeared from existence . then , the door to the next room opened . i went in there looking for princess peach . instead i found a toad who told me ,  sorry mario . the princess is in another castle .  newline newline not again !have you ever looked down and gazed on ants scurrying across the ground ? their lives are inconsequential to you : you step on them , you pour liquid death on their colonies , on everything they will ever know . you do it without remorse , because , of course , they are barely sentient . their lives are given to action without thought , and compared to yours their life is a blink of an eye . they have spread throughout the earth , on all but one continent they roam . they re numbers are by far greater than yours , and you know that if they gained any form of sentience enough to throw off this inequitable relationship , the world and everything you knew would be destroyed . newline newline but , have you ever asked yourself , have you ever once thought that the measly eighty years or so that humans have so toiled to attain , may be as much of a blink of an eye as the ants are to you . that there may be something out there that has waited beyond the very edge of your sight , of your thought , and has orchestrated the greatest achievements and atrocities that the world and mankind has ever known . a being from a race long dead , a being whose very age dwarfs all of human history , a being who has no remorse for anything beyond its own selfish whims . a being who is bored . it has not even crossed your simplistic , barely developed mind . newline newline this being is bored . over a million years of knowledge , of experience , and this being has found that nothing new will ever happen again  humans themselves have exhausted all their primitive allure . their problems , their squabbles , their victories , their triumphs , are no longer interesting . there is no excitement in life left for this ageless thing . there is no point for this thing any longer . even causing mischief brings no joy to its heart . it must spend the rest of its eternal life in boredom . newline newline the humans have envisioned that eternal torment would come from pain . but , even pain tantalizes the senses , it allows you to feel , there is beauty in pain , in the very act of feeling . boredom , is the antithesis to all of this . boredom arises when there is nothing left to sense , to feel . when all options are exhausted , when everything is at its end . humans feel momentary bursts of boredom , in their lonely times , in their sad times , in their happy times . this unfeeling motivates to you to move , to converse with your fellow man , and it is quickly dispelled . imagine if your eternity was to be bored . imagine if that unfeeling that takes control of your heart , and makes you twitch , would be the only product of the rest of the years you have . is it not terrifying ? do you not feel dread tingle down your spine at the very thought ? newline newline would you not want to die ? would you want to live for this boredom ? even if this boredom is not eternal , to go decades , centuries , or millennia in this state of boredom is unbearable . death itself is a gift in this torture . a gift that can not be given to this being . so i ask , again . newline newline would you not want to die ?it was marley and hoop that got the call for the cleanup . newline newline marley was nt thrilled  his mask needed adjustment and chafed pretty badly against his ears and he absolutely hated , hated , the big , awkward , uncomfortable boots he had to wear for the major cleanup jobs  but marley was nt ever thrilled about anything . newline newline he was very tall and wore a permanent scowl etched onto a face like a block of craggy granite . newline newline it was just as well , hoop was upbeat enough for the both of them . even though his suit was a bit too big for him , causing his hood to slump eversoslightly over his face . even though his heavy boots were like boats on him , forcing him to almost hop from foot to foot in order to walk . he was just happy to work , happy to be out of central . not that he disliked central  he just liked the change of scenery . hoop liked everything . newline newline hoop was short and round and never stopped smiling . newline newline pkt  wow .  ptk .  said marley as they clomped out of the hulking street sweeper , his gruff , nasal voice bookended by the soft pop of the vox channel opening and closing . newline newline pkt  yever see anything like that before , marl ?  pkt newline newline the irrepressibly upbeat voice had a softness to it that marley recognized as hoop s version of somber reverence . hoop tried to straighten out his hood to get a better look , but it just slumped over the opposite way . newline newline pkt  i do nt think anyone s seen anything like this before , hoop .  pkt newline newline they were standing in a courtyard in the middle of three large residential buildings , in the jaffee residential cluster  an orderly group of austere , beige permacrete buildings rising like silent tombstones from austere , beige permacrete streets in a perfect , symmetrical , beige permacrete grid . newline newline these three buildings once housed nearly twelve thousand people . newline newline and it looked like all of them were in the courtyard . newline newline all over the courtyard . newline newline biomatter . newline newline biomatter was the appropriate , centralpreferred term for what was left of a human body after exposure to atmo . hoop and marley had seen it happen  someone gets drunk , gets in a fight , gets stupid , gets fed up and done and just wants out  a suit gets torn , a mask gets cracked , an airseal gets compromised and ... biomatter . newline newline the courtyard was a sea of biomatter , thousands of human forms liquified and reformed , huge , clustered masses of bony tumors dozens of feet tall , suppurating sores the size of manhole covers , hundreds upon hundreds of unidentifiable fleshy protrusions all melting into each other , smashed together and twisted into horrific shapes . rows of teeth along long tendrils wrapped around faces twisted and broken and reformed into impossible agonies frozen in flesh . hundreds of fingers sprouting like hair from tumorous stumps . newline newline biomatter . newline newline all over the courtyard . newline newline splashed up the walls of the buildings , up to the third and fourth stories . newline newline pkt  whadythink they were trynna do , marl ? ythink they went kookie ?  pkt .  newline newline pkt  ca nt imagine any other reason .  pkt newline newline pkt  why dythink they went kookie , marl ?  pkt newline newline there was a slight edge to this that gave marley pause . for the first time in the decades marley had known hoop , there was a cracking in his voice , the barest , barest hint of desperation . marley quickly thumbed the igniter on his cleaner , producing a soft spark and a thin stream of blue preburn . newline newline pkt  i ... dunno , pal . i dunno . let s get to work and we ll talk about it later , okay ?  pkt newline newline pkt  marl ?  pkt newline newline pkt  yeah , hoop ?  pkt newline newline pkt  it s ... okay , right ? we re ... we re all gon na be okay , right marl ?  pkt newline newline marley hesitated for a moment too long and tried to cover this by pulling the trigger on his cleaner . the burst of brilliant blue flames gave him a moment of satisfaction . the illumination of the biomatter in the courtyard took it away . newline newline pkt  yeah , hoop , we re gon na be okay . let s get to work , okay ? we ll clean all this up and get right back to central . i ll buy you a drink , okay ?  pkt newline newline pkt  okay marl . hey marl ?  pkt newline newline pkt  yeah , hoop ?  pkt newline newline pkt  ywo nt ... you wo nt let me go kookie , will you , marl ?  pkt newline newline marley stared down at hoop for a long time . newline newline pkt  of course not , pal . now let s get to work . okay ?  pkt newline newline pkt  okay marl . okay .  pkt newline newline the upbeat quality of hoop s voice had changed . flatter . the smile under the mask seemed plastic . marl grimaced to himself and turned away . newline newline it took hours to clean it all . newline newline hours .long time ago in betlehem , so the holy bible say : mary s boy child , jesus christ , was born on chrissamas day !  newline newline jessica stretched her slim , yet almost impossibly curvaceous body on the smooth sheets . the sun was far up , but she just had nt bothered to do anything yet . this was the real deal ! none of that manger and hay business for the child of lucifer ! bet baby jesus is choking from envy now , she thought to herself . my father provides proper housing for his family ! newline newline hark now hear , the angels sing , a new king born today newline newline she got up from the luxurious bed , and strolled over to the oldfashioned makeup table . sitting down , she brushed her luxurious long , blonde wavy hair , and watched with satisfaction and shiny waves tumbled down her perfectly sculpted back . her gaze slid like a snake all over her gorgeous , naked body , and she saw that it was beautiful . after admiring herself in the mirror , she started to put on makeup to further enhance her looks . virtue is a thing of the past , beauty is the real power of today , she thought to herself . and i ve got plenty ! newline newline and man will die forever more ...  hey , wait ? ! that s not how the song goes !  because of lucifer s day !  newline newline jessica blew a kiss from perfectly lipsticked lips to her reflection before moving over to the table , where one of her servants had put her breakfast under it s silver dome . she lifted the dome slowly , sucking in the scent of the magnificent spread . smiling , she sat down and rung the little silver bell next to the plate . a lesser demon materialized , looking proud and terrorstruck at the same time .  yes , mistress ?  jessica flashed a beautiful , icy smile .  have the rest brought up ,  as she started on the enormous appetizer  that could have fed a small village , lesser demons appeared all around the table with various dishes that would have spoiled or gone cold if left sitting on the table . as the meal progressed , they also had to clear empty plates off the huge table to make room for more . at last , jessica raised a slender , manicured hand .  enough ,  she stated . the demons hurriedly picked up all the plates , glasses , cups , etc. , and vanished . newline newline walking out into the radiant light of the afternoon , jessica was starting to feel the urges of her new body under her sapphire dress . she smirked , knowing any desire of hers could be fulfilled by whatever man she chose at the moment . in fact , several candidates were eyeing her already , with eyes that mimicked the lust in hers . choosing a select few , only four or five , she retreated back to the sheets . that idiot mary really missed out , she thought to herself . waiting till way out of her best years , and even then to only experience it with one mediocre man ? hah ! after she was finished with the men , she let her servants feast on them . they were nothing special , after all . newline newline after a while and a sizeable lunch , she felt like strolling outside again . it was now nighttime , and many of the streets were deserted . most of the houses around were darkened , but in one there were lights . jessica drew nearer , feeling a full towards that house . there was conflict in it . delicious , wonderful conflict ! a couple were arguing , and as jessica approached , it kept getting more and more heated . jessica s eyes glowed with pride as the man struck out , hitting his wife hard on the cheek . she was momentarily stunned , before leaping at him , using her long nails as claws and scratching at his face . jessica watched the entertainment until they had both killed each other in their unstoppable fury . she then went into the house . inside , she heard an unexpected noise by a staircase . newline newline turning her head , she saw a little girl in footie pajamas , clutching an ugly teddy bear .  aj mommy and daddy done fighting now ?   oh , yes ,  smirked jessica .  they ll never fight again !  the little girl was clearly not bright enough to hear the dripping sarcasm .  yaaayyy !  jessica s leg was suddenly covered in child . with a frown on her face , jessica looked down at the creature that was clutching her . she gave a kick with her foot , but this merely made it giggle . the jarring sound of the child s laughter was just what jessica needed to channel the nourishment she had gotten from it s parents  slaughter . she seized the child , ripped it off from her leg and started swinging it around , banging it into every hard surface she could find , until all she was holding was a piece of bloodsoaked cloth containing a mass of pulp . newline newline after going upstairs to take a shower and get some clean clothes from the woman s closet , she left the house with the door wide open . the closet had been disappointing , full of shirts and jeans in unflattering shapes and wishywashy tshirts with sappy writing on them , but at the far back she had struck gold . a tight dress with golden sequins all over and both a slash at the front and a deep neckline . some rummaging provided matching , high shoes . so mummy had a wild side , jessica thought to herself . too bad she wo nt be needing it anymore ... newline newline going back out , she went back home to sleep a little more , and the next afternoon she repeated the dressing and eating , before stepping out to sate her hunger for men . she had already found five when she saw him . he was just what she wanted . tall , muscular , handsome , golden eyes and long elegant fingers . when she saw her , her eyes narrowed . this bitch was all over him , kissing him and holding his hand ! how dare she , jessica muttered to herself . well , he ll leave her when he sees me , jessica thought with a smirk . she gave a little wiggle , and the sequins on  mummy  s dress glittered in the radiant sunlight . strolling past the couple , she gave him the look that always helped . it did nt ! outrage !jim howard newline newline staff writer newline newline kentropolis  unexpected celebrations erupted across the city as galactos finally got his first break , defeating ultraman and laying waste to a large swath of kentropolis . news of the super villains victory spread like wildfire over social media , with thousands congratulating the home grown super human who has struggled to gain recognition in the world of super powered all stars . newline newline  galactos has been trying so hard , he put so much effort into his training last year ,  said kentropolis resident bob marshwits , as he sifted through the rumble of his former apartment building which had received a ricochet blast from the villains death ray in last night  s bout .  we wanted to see him win big on this one.  newline newline congratulations also came out from the office of mayor richard tyler , whom galactos endorsed during this year  s elections , kidnapping his opponent  s daughter and demanding  10 million in ransom shortly before being defeated by the league of incredibles later that week . newline newline  galactos has been an inspiration to the children of this city that anything is possible with a little hard work , a healthy hatred for humanity and a near lethal dose of gamma radiation ,  the mayor said in a press release posted earlier this morning on his website . newline newline galactos as thus far remained silent on his victory , only sending out a few short tweets to his fans , thanking them for their faith and promising doom and calamity upon his enemies . newline newline  it  s always a sad thing to see a big one go down ,  said mark powers , chairperson of super heroes unlimited and former friend of the slain ultraman .  i think , if he would have had a choice though , he  d have been happy with the victory going to galactos . ultraman always admired his dedication to villainy , i think we were all rooting for him last night.  newlinei awake to ships , innumerable ships . the beginning of the end . i did nt understand the importance at the time , but the rise of nanban s flourishing trade economy wrought strife for just as many as fortune . the seafaring ways of westerners introduced us to many new , glorious goods ... .and dangers . this way of life was something i was born into . or more accurately reborn ... newline newline i apologize for the background , you see , in my culture we start at the apex of our tale . at the present , i am torn between what i believe are two worlds . rengoku and the substandard existence i once had . i do nt often experience fear , as a youth i was trained as a swordsman in the emperors  army . the katana and kama my brothers . this was nt fear i was experiencing , it was more tragic than that . doom . that is the knot in my stomach . newline newline in darkness my eyes adjust acutely , but its not enough to see much . other than the torch roughly 50 paces from me , i had little context of my surroundings . there was a noticeable odor projected about the space  found it somewhat indistinguishable , sweet yet metallic . newline newline iron blood death . newline newline it was familiar , once spending some time in its midst it was almost comforting . to have something i knew so well at my side . i set forward at a turtles pace . scanning my surroundings , ready for what may come . for the environment , or more specifically for yama , i must ve taken to long at my current rate . the torch was getting closer at a pace much faster than i proceeded . in an instant it was before me , held by a sprightly fellow . i would ask where i was , but i found myself inexplicably silent . before another thought passed , the man grabbed my wrist . i could nt move or resist . i was ready , the final conflict , yama was coming . newline newline the man raised my arm and thrust the torch into my open palm . immediately years , decades , eons rushed passed my consciousness . pausing briefly at moments in history . my memory is nt what it once was ... .. i remember a rather robust man casting lightning from what appeared to me as a smiths hammer ... a young boy , being granted a westerners sword by a beautiful water sprite ... . then it stopped . newline newline here it is , i thought . kama is coming . the foreboding feeling of doom sank in my depths . shortly after my passage through time i felt a cold , slender hand place itself gently on my shoulder . i was once again in a vegetative state . i was given a choice . to slip consciously into the nothingness that awaited , but then ... .. newline newline i was shown great tragedy falling on my previous homeland . capitalization of trade to japan had reduced my clan to a beaten husk . there was complete disrespect for my culture and the way of the samurai . i felt emotion for the first time since the impending doom of entering this hall . noticing now its great adornments , the room had become well lit and shone brightly . newline newline i felt rage in my soul upon return to myself . i felt a gentile nudge forward from the spirit on my shoulder . the hall narrowed and i struck forward at a brisk pace . doom turned to excitement , rage turned to passion . i find an inscription reading : newline newline  take your stand against the newcomers . newline for the repulse of western civilization . newline the demon sword . newline newline for hittori hanzo it was 1994 , when i was 6 years old . i remember that , because that was the day when new jersey nets , who are now in brooklyn , picked yinka dare as their 1st draft pick . and oh my god , what a waste of a pick that was . newline newline anyway , i was 6 , the sky was blue , yadi yadi yada . i do nt know . i was 6 . all i remember is that they picked yinka dare . christ , why did they pick yinka dare . newline newline ok , anyway , on that very same day , after dinner out with my mum , i was walking past a fortune teller when it happened . newline something magical ? no . the tv behind the fortune teller was showing nets pick yinka dare . that useless ... grrr . newline anyway , yes , i was walking past a fortune teller , watching nets ruin their pick , when the fortune teller looked at me through his window . newline newline of course , being a child , i tugged my mum s hand to go into the fortune teller s store . no , not to get my fortune read . i wanted to watch the tv and see the draft . newline i do nt know why she did , normally she would never have , but that day , mum succumbed to my begging and went in there with me . newline newline once we were inside , mum was talking to the fortune teller , and i was half listening , half watching tv , he read her palm , he read my palm , he said stuff to her i do nt remember , i kept watching tv and time just went by . newline newline later , when it was all done and it was time to go , the fortune teller looked at me and said this . do nt know how i still remember it , but i guess it left a mark in my brain . newline newline he said  young girl , your fate will be wander the lands and never settle . to never settle and to never make a home . you wo nt begin to make a home , not until you destroy the beginnings of a home of another . your kin , by fate or blood , you must destroy their home in order to find yours .  newline newline well ... so i ve been travelling a lot , not really settling anywhere or meeting with family or such . newline newline and now , here i am . to destroy this wedding . newline newline nice to meet you !the first moment was a blur . i did nt understand what was happening  for one second , i was with annie , walking back from the toilet on the plane  she was nt comfortable without someone coming with her  and a second later i heard a shriek . newline newline things did nt turn into slow motion , or everything suddenly became sharp like they tell you in the movies . we were all on our flight to london , and nothing changed  except that now a chair sized hole was gaping from the far side of the plane . newline newline the problem with people is that they react slow . some were removing their headphones and starting to turn . their standing counterparts , who were nt so lucky , fell down in utter surprise from the sudden blow . some kid was still fighting with his mommy about his birthday present . everyone was calm  just slightly stunned . newline newline and then the plane groaned . newline newline i grabbed annie and ran for our seats . they we re midway between the hole and the toilet  i did nt know at the time if that s the right decision or not . all i knew is that i needed a seatbelt to hold us tight , and that all the seats up to ours were taken . newline newline this was a easy , in theory . the thing is , when people start screaming and flailing around , plans tend to crumble to dust . a dish struck me hard in the shoulder  i almost let go of annie , but got a hold of her hand , just in time to raise my head and see the plate flying through the hole outside . newline newline  daddy , i m scared !  she cried , while i dragged her along with me . she was running , but her tiny legs were nt meant for this speed yet . newline  hold on sweety , we re almost there !  i screamed at the top of my lungs . the wind suddenly became more violent  it hit my ears like a thunderbolt . newline newline  all passengers remain seated , we are attempting an emergency landing . one minute to touchdown  the pilot said over the speakers , at full volume . his voice was calm  this frightened me even more . he sounded like a man who has accepted his own death . newline newline that one minute of my life was probably the most lively of them all . it is amazing what adrenaline can do to your body  i jumped on people , pushed away the drinks cart and hauled a screaming woman out of my way . all to get annie to her seat . newline newline we were almost there ... just one more inch . newline newline  please remain calm ! all parents , secure your mask first before helping others  the pilot beckoned . newline another blur , and we were there . i snapped the belt on annie so fast i cut my fingers . i put on my mask with my trembling fingers  be it fear or adrenaline causing it . at last , i put the mask on her face , closed my seatbelt and hugged her hard . newline  we ll be fine  i whispered to her . she stopped shaking for a bit , and smiled to me . i smiled back . newline newline they never found our remains .paul realized , suddenly , that the world around him was an illusion . after staring at his pen for long enough , the thought came to him that , really , it was less of a pen , and more of the idea of a pen . the pen was an image that existed inside his head . he realized that the pen , and everything that surrounded it , was an elaborate songanddance  a play put on for one man that lasted his whole life . newline newline paul looked around his office as though he expected everyone else to be as shaken by his revelation as he was . he calmed his nerves and focused his attention back on the root of this illumination , the pen . he stared at it intensely . the pen was a part of him . it was a product of his consciousness that could not exist without him , it was his completely . it s as much a part of me as my arm , he thought . and if it is my arm ... newline newline he moved the pen . not with his hands , but with his consciousness alone . had he not been seeing it here he would have never even imagined that such a thing was possible . but there it was was , hovering completely still , about a foot over the desk . he flung it past his desk at the head of his boss , where it landed without evoking any kind of reaction . newline newline paul was too stupefied by his new skill to notice the complete lack of interest from everyone else in the office . his mind reeled with the limitless possibilities that sat in front of him now . seeing the power he had now , he regretted that he had the limitations of his physical body to deal with . but he caught himself  did he still have those limitations ? he moved his gaze from his pen to his hand . if those two were indistinguishable , then what differed his body from anything else ? it was not his body that made him , it was his consciousness  he was less a traveler of a physical world , and more a mobile point of light and knowledge in a sea of others . in the same way as the pen , he lifted himself away , and became everything . newline newline   newline newline  paul , are you all right , man ?  newline newline the question came from todd after he observed paul sitting , glasseyed , staring blankly ahead for fifteen minutes . he had not touched his work . newline newline  paul ?  newline newline other workers turned their attention to the vegetative man that had , minutes before , been working diligently at his station . he was nonresponsive , but healthy . there was no problem with his pulse , no issue with his breathing . it was like he had left , but forgot to take his body . eventually the decision was made to call 911 , and a couple workers carted paul out to the curb in his office chair . the doctors at the hospital were baffled , and opted to hook him up to a few machines and runs studies on him until they found the place his mind had gone . newline newlineluck what a word . newline nothing special in reality , i just wonder if luck is really what everyone is looking for . actually i believe we do nt know how lucky we are . but i know i was the luckiest man in earth . newline especially since i was 8 years old i remember having that red shiny car for my birthday , wait , way better  that motorcycle that i won in the photograph contest when i capture the exact moment of a bank being robbed where the swat police were shouting  hands in the air  , it made me so famous  no , that s not it . newline it was when i finally met jenny , that sweet girl , so fresh and smart , that with a smile would light my heart . newline i met her in an interview , she was one of the interviewers of the program , it went live , but the interesting part was when she almost tripped over the sofa due to the mat on the floor and i casually catch her with a bold move i just gave her a smile and asked  are you fine ?  . newline i remember , it was definitively when i had my daughter lily , she had my eyes and her mothers nose , and the chick made her so cute that i would certainly dedicate my life for her happiness , if it was not for her illness . newline she had a weak heart , a condition that didnt let her play with her friends , always taking meds . newline jenny was always stressed out taking care of lily . i was always the one to calm her down , telling her that lily is a perfectly normal girl , the doctors told us that with the treatment a good diet and regular exercise she could do almost everything . newline one night , we were coming back from christmas dinner at jenny s parents  house , we had forgotten to grab another supply of lily s meds so we went back home at 2:00 a.m. we had an accident . a drunk driver was arguing with his hysterical wife , so intense that she had pushed the steering wheel trying to hit him , he responded and forgot about the road . newline i was unscathed from the accident , jenny broke 2 ribs and had a sprain in her neck . ironically lucky , lily was using her seat belt but had a hard hit with the belt in her chest that cause her a heart attack that lead her to the hospital , she was internalized for 2 months until hear heart gave up . the last week were agonizing , especially for jenny and i also had a promotion during that week . newline i tried to keep on living , i finally reached to the executive committee in the company were i worked . but jenny was fired from her own . she was alienating herself as time passed by . newline after 5 years of the accident jenny was internalized into a mental hospital when she tried to commit suicide for the third time . i was lucky to find her a place in one of the most prestigious mental hospitals . i was able to pay it with the help of my work and some royalties . these royalties were given to me due to a writer who got interested in lily s story and asked me for a few details for his new story , it was a hit . newline i may have felt awful in various events in my life , but i still believe that the memories of my love ones made me the luckiest man on earth . newline i want those flowers  , she asked with a smile , newline newline  they  ll be yours  , i screamed as i flew . newline newline the valley and the rocks that stretched for a mile , newline newline paled in form to make her wish come true . newline newline  newline newline  save me  , she said , as her body flailed in the air , newline newline unflinching in senses , i jumped from the cliff newline newline that pushed her to the depth and me to despair , newline newline what use would my breath be if there weren  t you ? newline newline  newline newline if there were a word that would explain , newline newline the glorious feeling and the deepest pain , newline newline this would be it for there  s none more pure newlineabuela estrella is what my dad would call  an old biddie  . i told her that once , and she laughed so hard i thought she might die right there . newline newline  child ,  she scolded me playfully ,  you  re not old until you  re 97.  newline newline i laid eyes on abuela for the first time when i was 9 . every inch of her skin was covered in wrinkles . even her long grey hair somehow seemed wrinkly . newline newline  what  s your name ?  i asked . newline newline  abuela estrella . it means grandmother star.  newline newline  no ,  i protested ,  your real name.  newline newline  abuela estrella is my real name ,  she stated calmly . newline newline i stomped my foot in frustration .  that  s not a real name.  newline newline  what  s your name , child ?  newline newline  ameile.  i informed her . newline newline  is that your real name ?  her tone wasn  t accusatory , but i felt indignant . newline newline  of course.  newline newline  what makes your name real and mine not ?  newline newline  i have a birth certificatean official piece of paper that says my name.  newline newline abuela smiled .  fair enough . your name is written on a piece of paper . my name is etched into my soul.  newline newline i didn  t know what to say as my young mind swam with new thoughts . newline newline  oh . that  s better than a piece of paper.  newline newline she nodded solemnly .  i know , child , i know.  newlinemy hands trembled with excitement as i examined the updated map . every line was pregnant with the seeds of new conflict . even a novice would see how the econotopography of this landscape would not permit a lasting peace and how the thousands of kilometers of squiggly black lines were like the microfractures in a wine glass held too tightly , just before it burst . and in the hands of a novice that would be all it amounted to , a bursting glass and thousands of new lines , redrawn at once when the dust had settled and the quarreling nations had run out of bombs or willing soldiers . i was a master of the mapmaker guild though and with my guiding hand this glass would burst over generations , over and over until the glass resembled a mosaic and the econotopographical potential had been tapped fully . in these days , borders like this were hard to come by . in the early days of the guild , when the europeans had finally stopped fighting each other and instead embarked to conquer the world every border in america , africa and oceania had had this potential and more . of course , back in those days the art of econotopography had been primitive and the waste enormous . few knew about the guild and those who had a faint idea of our power blamed every conflict on us . this latest war had not been our doing , the area had been tapped long ago and only the unexpected flare up of old tribal hate had redrawn the borders in this marvelous way . in truth , the guild had probably prevented more suffering than it caused as slow burning , small scale , conflict was usually the more efficient way of tapping a land . i still remembered the cold war , which had divided the guild as much as it had the rest of the world , but not on the issue of which empire should conquer but instead of the issue if either empire should conquer . the radical side always wanted new slates to explore . i had been on the conservative side and they had won out in the end . now the radicals were on the rise again , spurred by the new satellite maps and the fear of accurate mapping algorithms and of course the old fear that statistical analysis of conflict would reveal their hand in it and so turn the entire world against us . that was nonsense . as long as each state actor had incomplete information about each other state actor they would never piece it together . the true danger lied in betrayal . the guild had a way of policing their own . econotopography could also be applied to a landscape of people and relationships and the likely traitors and deserters put under surveillance before they even knew of their own future betrayal . i put the map down and pulled out another from a desk drawer . my own personal map of this guild chapter . on my own scattered interestislands you know had been written in black ink . newline newline newline i could smell the sweat of my own fear . i had not bothered examining my own interestterritory in a long while , there had been no need , my loyalty to the guild was absolute . now i could see what picture the map painted , each border in itself an innocent amount of tension but adding them up this might as well have been an example of a traitor long since committed . they must understand ! they must understand that i would never let something so obvious go on , that it was all a mistake ! i calmed myself and examined the map again , as if it was my first time seeing it . as a neutral observer two sides of conflict emerged . myself and jostaph , the radical head master of this chapter . the untapped potential in this space was vast and mirrored that of the real world map also on my desk . but neither of us would gain from this conflict , these conflict maps were purely for private guild use and the redraw potentials worthless not of any actual value . jostaph knew this , and he knew that i would nt fall in that thought trap either . i trusted him and he trusted me although our opinions on the long term future of the guild differed . a conflict that redrew our positions would be completely poi9ntless ! unless . unless the guild had a parasite . another guild that purely mapped that abstract space that was our own politics . the thought was absurd , paranoid . but so was the idea of the guild itself and yet it existed . there was a knock on my door . it must be jostaph , he must have figured it out too . but jostaph was already dead in his office . i opened the door and was greeted by a dagger thrust up my abdomen . grafino ...  newline newline  yes , max ?  newline newline  grafino , you are imaginary .  newline newline  well , that s just silly , maximillian . if i was imaginary , could i pick you up like ... this ?  he wrapped his long ourangutan arms around me , and with a grunt of effort , lifted me several inches from the floor . newline newline i sighed . i hated when he forgot himself like this . newline newline  yes , grafino . yes you could . because lucy invented you for me to play with , once her mother told her to grow up .  i shook my head sadly , my shimmering multicolored mane throwing out curlicue comets and pirouetting stars . newline newline grafino s enormous , expressive face fell , and he tugged at his lip idly , in an expression of contrition .  i i m sorry , max .  i forgot again . i forget sometimes .  newline newline i felt my temper soften , and i looked at him , the sad ape wrapped in his own arms for comfort . i stopped my pacing , and lowered myself to rest on the grassy expanse of the infinite field .  i know , grafino . it s ok. she was fading as she made you , and some things went ... unfinished . it s alright , i forgive you .  newline newline  hooray !  grafino leapt to his feet , all melancholy of a moment ago forgotten . he jumped on my back , his customary place , if there were a customary place for an ape on a lion .  would you take me to the stretchy trees , max ? ! i want to go !  newline newline i looked around me . recently , lucy had been taking a creative writing class , restoring some of the color and life to this place , but she had had to drop it . it was too early in the morning , it was too hard to get up , and though she did nt know it yet , her depression was back . newline newline already i could see the slow spread of the fade . soon , the twisting , elastic vines of the stretchy trees would be gone again , as would the field , and the underwater whirlpool castle , and even the clubhouse , that final redoubt , would begin to fade . we had never faded , me or grafino  named for her favorite pencil  , but there was no telling the future . grafino , with his halfformed mind , would forget those places , as the tight confines of the clubhouse would become his new reality . newline newline i never forgot them . and as she slept , i would whisper the names of those forgotten places in her ear , so that she might dream them , and be happy and young and bright as she once was , and so i could see her again . newline newline for the moment , though , they were still there . and i looked over my shoulder at grafino , and shook more nebulas from my pelt , and nodded my ascent . newline newline i took off at a run , and grafino , as he always did , laughed in glee . newline newline newline the end newline newline postscript : newline newline hi ! i hope you liked this . i ve got some other stuff like it over  here   http : www.reddit.comriwassurprisedtoo  , so give it a looksee , maybe comment on any strike your fancy ? i like feedback ! thanks ! newlineeveryone stood up from their desk as the clock struck 12 . all across the office , everyone was pulling out their paraphenalia . newline newline jenny from accounting bowed her head and folded her hands around the cross tucked into her ample bosom . jon was right next to her , pulling out his long red prayer scarf and wrapping it slowly , methodically , around his wrists . while that piercing , twitching , clicking sound was mirtle s purple prayer beads tapping against each other just behind me . newline just to my right jocelyn was stripping down to a gauzey dress to offer herself to her fertility goddess . she always made quite a show with sprinkling herself in black dirt from the earth . jake was right next to her , wiping stray dirt from his prayer mat . he lifted his arms above his head , and then bowed down , with a little muttered prayer to chronos . newline newline i stood rigid as i always did , my eyes ticking along with the office clock . newline newline 300 seconds . i pulled at my collar , feeling a wave of heat rise to my head . 270 seconds . i rolled my head back and forth from my left to my right shoulder , keeping my eyes fixed on the clock . 240 seconds . i closed my eyes , and licked my lips , feeling an empty moment of stillness descend on me . 210 seconds . a prayer came to my lips . 180 seconds . release  , i whispered . 150 seconds . my eyes whipped open , my mouth broken up into a smile . 120 seconds . i whip around and strangle mirtle with a purple cross of beaded thread . 90 seconds . i vault over the table , grab jon s red prayer scarf and lash down a helpless jenny to her chair . 60 seconds . i flash over to jocelyn , and bend her backward over jon s prone form for a deep deep kiss . 30 seconds . i hear blood rushing through my ears in a whisper : catharsis rises again .   newline newlinethe sound of the shuffling of gravel at the end of the cave echoed throughout it . it was mid day , far too dangerous a time for anything to be about . slowly the hermit crept forward , the hand carved spear in his dirty , scarred hands . his eyes lit up behind his permanent grizzly expression as he saw the sillouett of a child at the end of the cave  the sight of another human being was amazing , but he knew to stay behind his cover . no matter what happened the creatures would never enter somewhere lightless . the child paused at the opening and turned around . newline newline  no !  the man s grizzly voice strained past a whisper , but his warning came too late as the tenticles floated by , snagging , scalding , and tearing at the young flesh  leaving only the bones in a pile . he had never witnessed them attack directly , only ever heard the screams and seen the destruction left in the path of these creatures . the heart shattering truth of what humanity faced struck him . he looked into a small pool on the cave floor . a disheveled and broken shadow of who he once was lingered , staring back at him . the hermit stood up , his heart finally had no more hope , no urge to survive . he strode into the light and the end of his nightmare . hail , mortal . i was wondering if you could direct me to ...  newline newline  mortal ? who are you calling mortal ? who are you , anyway ? newline newline  i am heimdall , the white god , he of golden teeth , the son of nine maidens , the farseer , holder of the gjallarhorn , guardian of bifrost ...  newline newline  what s bifrost ?  newline newline  the great bridge stretching from asgard to the roots of the tree yggdrasil , made of a rainbow ...  newline newline  oh . ok , so are you looking for the gay bar ? it s just over th ...  newline newline  wait , what ? no of course not . what would make you think that ? i m ...  newline newline  oh , do nt worry about it . it s cool . this town is a lot more progressive than you d think .  newline newline  that may well be , but i m not gay . and i really wish you would stop insisting i am .  newline newline  come on man , nothing wrong with being gay . it s alright .  newline newline  no , it really ... fine , nothing wrong but i m not .  newline newline  come on man , do nt be embarrassed . it s good to be yourself .  newline newline  mortal , you test my patience . i am going to thrust my spear into you if ...  newline newline  see man , feel good to be yourself .  newline newline  no i do nt ... fine , i give up . just here , where is this address , i am lost and sick of this .  newline newline  like i said the gay bar is just ...  newline newline  no for the last time , i am not looking for the gay bar !  newline newline  dude , that s what these directions are too .  newline newline  ... i ... thanks . now if you excuse me , i am going to kill that horsefucker loki . i am awoken by a polite yet insistent knocking , coming from behind my wardrobe door . newline newline with a sigh , i check the clock on the bedside table . the illuminated numbers tell me that it is 3:15am . newline newline god dammit . newline newline flipping the lamp on i get up , throw on a pair of trousers , and then walk up to the offending furniture . i touch the symbols carved into the door , in the order instructed  no , i have no idea why it works . i just know what happens if it s not done properly  and with sullen resignation open it . newline newline  oh , there you are ! i was starting to worry !  newline newline out he walks , without a hint of tiredness , tact or indeed fashion sense . he s wearing those ridiculous purple robes again  the ones that put me in mind of my grandmothers old dressing gown  and of course , the pointy hat . he always insists on the pointy hat . newline newline  remind me again  i say with a touch of anger ,  why you have to use my wardrobe  . newline newline he at least has the decency to look sheepish .  yes , i am sorry about that . it s all to do with ley lines , you see  . newline newline before i can tell him just where he can shove his ley lines , he presses a clinking pouch into my hand and walks out . muttering darkly to myself , i count the coins  all gold , of course  and then finally try to get back to sleep . newline newline bloody wizards , i tell you . if he did nt pay so much for his room , i d have kicked him out months ago .each morning a man wakes up alone . each day he bumps his leg on the dresser as he gets out of bed . every day a photograph awaits him on the dresser . it is of the man and a young woman . he is always quick to smile . he stares at it until he notices the journal next to it addressed to him . he opens it to a page that begins with  daddy we had so much fun today.  and another with  daddy i m glad you made it !  each page begins with  daddy . . .  and ends with  i love you.  the man puts down the journal after reaching some blank pages . the man turns toward his door . a clipboard hangs with blank pages . his smile fades once again when he sees the title ,  visitor s log  . listen up  dougs begins .  this is probably the most important mission you will ever go on during your time with nasa . i hope you are all ready for what comes next . as you may already know jupiter s moon europa has a dark secret . approximately three hours ago we learned about the existence of the s.h.e.t . it is a historical creature that dates back to who knows how long . what we thought were cracks in the moon s surface are actually gigantic tentacles . what you probably do nt know is that the ice is melting and the creature is starting to stir . our mission is to travel to the moon and to observe its movements in the coming weeks . any questions ?  newline newline the room remains silent . at last one man raises their hand .  yes robinson ?   well why in the hell are we going ? we are just scientists , nerds that understand rocks , computers , and chemistry . we know absolutely nothing about  giant space creatures  , especially what if something was to happen during the research ?   well  , senior analyst dougs begins  we are the best minds to really see what this creature is like . also that is why we have these gentlemen .  newline newline in walks ten men and women of all different races . they line up against the side wall to wait for their introduction .  these are the best soldiers that were handpicked for just this mission . they will be accompanying you on your journey to make sure nothing happens to you , or best and brightest . okay we will see you all early in the morning for departure .  dougs finishes . newline newline as the group gets ready to leave and head to their bunks for their final luggage checks a young woman runs into the room .  sir you have to see this  she exasperates while turning on the television . newline newline  ... eature has just been discovered on the moon s surface . no word has been heard on what it is or where it came from . specialists discuss its possible origins later in the broadcast . we will be right back , do nt go anywhere .  the tv dies and dougs places the remote back on the table .  fuck , who let this get out ? okay team we have to move quickly so we can get the real answers before the doomsayers cause a panic . lets not fuck this up anymore than we already have .  newline newline  the next morning   newline newline  alrighty gentleman and women ready to go ?  dougs asks . the scientists and soldiers march on to the ship getting ready for a once in a lifetime event . the crew is silent and somber as the ship lifts off and begins their journey to europa and the mysterious creature . newline newline  three days later   newline newline  good morning crew , i have our next set of orders straight from nasa hq . we are planning on orbiting the moon for the next few weeks to analyze the creature from afar and to get our data from up here . after that we will attempt to land on europa to acquire some concrete data right from the source . that is our plan for now and if you have any questions feel free to ask me .  dougs smiles and leaves the conference room to attend to other matters . the rest of the crew slowly get up to move on to their other tasks . as they are leaving the ship shakes violently throwing all of them to the ground . robinson gets up and runs to the window and raises the shutter to see what is happening . newline newline it is then that they had realized their mistake . the ice had already melted from around the moon who knows when , and what they were looking at was the creature itself . the mysterious creature was not frozen as they originally thought but instead that was its camouflage . as robinson looks out the window dumbfounded the creature lashes out with one of its tentacles and wraps around the ship yanking it towards its massive body . the last thing any of the crew members see is the emerging eye of the creature as it swallows them down . its eye is as black as the space around it with a small blazing ball of yellow in the middle . newline newline  three days later   newline newline  breaking news today , the story we have been reporting on all week has been proven to be false . the hoax was started by a scifi group that wanted to recreate another war of the worlds type scare . sorry for any problems this hoax may have caused . in other news a test flight by nasa was deemed a failure when the ship exploded after a test flight went wrong . thi ...  newline newline  okay the news programs have started to report that the story was false and they have started to report our story about the fake explosion , no one needs to know what really happened to apollo 18 .  charles bolden , head of nasa states . bolden gets up and heads into a separate room at the end of the hall and sits down behind his desk . he lets out a deep breath when a deep voice echos in his head .  good job now we must begin our next step  cthulu whispers from over 500 million miles away . bolden smiles wide and stares into the darkness with his pitch black eyes .  step two will begin now ... like a shadow in the night , i slithered my way into a grand house , three stories tall with a fountain in the courtyard . tonight , i will finally earn enough to relieve myself from this life spent in darkness .  newline newline i crept along the house , up to a kitchen window and lifted it open this woman was careless , and was notorious for not hiring caretakers to help with general maintenence . i crawled inside , and immediately the sound of moans filled my ears . newline newline  please ... please help us .  newline newline there were hundreds , possibly thousands of voices begging for help , stopping me in my tracks . after a few moments , i decided to tough it out and keep going . newline newline when i got to the main room , i saw where the voices were coming from piles of junk and treasures mixed all together , stacked in every corner in a mountain of belongings . dust gathered in every crevice , indicating that nothing had been cleaned in years . newline newline a small figurine of marilyn monroe called to me .  please , sir , please get us out of here . this old lady , she s got no friends , family or assistance . she ... .she s a hoarder .  newline newline the entire room and even the next groaned in misery and suffering . a stack of national geographic magazines from 1997 piped up .  she s right , some of us have been rotting here for decades . i can feel dust between my pages , and bugs burrowing through me . god , please get us out of here .  newline newline a shrill shriek , like a banshee in childbirth , rang from upstairs .  if someone is here to save us , please , you have to take me with you . this woman has no lover and i ve seen 40 years of use , please save me ! at least wash me !  newline newline yeah , no thank you . fucking disgusting . i feel pretty terrible leaving it behind , but ... i just ca nt . ew .  newline newline  do nt worry , guys ,  i whispered .  i m a thief , and i ll get you out of here . well , some of you , at least .  newline newline a mix of cheers and boos echoed through my head .  no , you ca nt leave any of us behind , please !  newline newline i m going to need a uhaul , or something . i ca nt fit all this worthless shit in my rucksack .  newline newline  well ... i only have room for the treasures , so i m going to take the jewelry and valuable collectibles first , and then maybe i ll come back for the rest of you , okay ?  newline newline the boos were replaced with cheers , hundreds of dusty , worthless trinkets shouting with joy . newline newline                   newline newline i sat in my apartment , sorting what i d looted from the old lady . so far , from what i d counted , i d stolen about  245,000 worth of treasure and i was only a third of the way through sorting it all . not bad , if i hit a million , i can do a little drawing on the side , try to become an artist ...  newline newline the antique porcelain doll i d taken started scolding me .  shame on you , sir . shame .  newline newline  you asked to be stolen , what d you think i d do with you ? play dress up ?  newline newline  not that , fool . you left so many of us behind . they all suffer as you count your riches . shame on you .  newline newline i put my face in my hands as the rest of my loot began to shame me in unison . newline newline  fine , fine , i ll go get them , damn it . i ll go rent a truck or something , but i swear to god , if i do this all of you will shut the hell up . forever .  newline newline  we accept these terms , human .  newline newline                      newline newline that night , i returned to the rich lady s mansion , crawling in once more through the windows . i d brought a truck and parked it behind the house thankfully , this woman lives a mile in every direction , far away from the nearest human being . newline newline i unlocked the front door and dragged a wheelbarrow in , then proceeded to pile all kind of junk and other worthless trinkets into it haphazardly . newline newline  hey , careful now !  a bag of marbles scoffed at me . newline newline after an hour , i d emptied the first floor and moved onto the second . i heard that loud banshee wail once more , begging for help . after piling most of the books and vases into my barrow , i peered into her bedroom it was , quite disturbingly , clean . very tidy and organized , with a studded box on the dresser that was clinking around and shouting at me . newline newline  release me !  newline newline i hesitated before prying open the wooden box , peering inside . it smelled peculiar and awful , and i immediately slammed it shut , throwing it in with the other junk . newline newline  much gratitude sir !  it rattled . newline newline on my way downstairs , a figure halted me in my tracks . my heart stopped and i felt faint the old lady had returned a day early . she was wearing some strange , metallic , colorful garb , like an oil slick in sunlight . it was tattered and aged . newline newline she looked at me oddly , sizing me up , before pointing at the rattling box and uttering ,  is that my ... .my ... you pervert ! get out ! get out !  newline newline i barreled forward , cart in front of me , even as she slammed her bag in my face . as i passed her , a deft , wrinkled hand plucked the box from my barrow , and a scream ensued . newline newline  noooooooooo !  newline newline  i m sorry ,  i yelled into the night .  i m so sorry ...  newline newline  sorry does nt help me !  the old lady shouted back .  do nt be sorry , bring my stuff back , you twat ! i spent 30 years collecting all of it !  newline newline i was nt talking to you , old woman .  newline newline a single tear streamed down my face as i fled , the sound of silent shrieking clouding my mind . newline newline                       newline newline thanks for reading ! this was an excellent prompt . if you re bored , you can always check out rresonatingfury ! the woman in the bar laughed , biting a nail as she leaned in closer to him . jonah said all the right things , in all the right ways . seduction was a game , and he  d been playing for a very long time . newline newline  how old would you say i am ?  he asked . newline newline  oh , i dunno ... twenty ... seven ?  newline newline he smiled . newline newline back at his house , the woman rode jonah with wild passion , her lithe , athletic body slick with sweat . he looked up at her , and yawned . she slapped him and left . what was her name ?  he thought , as the front door slammed . newline newline in a library , somewhere in what had once been america , he was reading . frustrated , he put the book away after immediately realising he  d read it before . he looked over and saw a young student reading one of the books he  d written , under a different name . it had won various awards and accolades back then . newline newline it was night . a city , somewhere . it was raining . he was in a fight . there was a man in laos ,  he thought , as he dodged a meaty fist , said i was cursed . he found it strange that he should remember that , when all else had mixed together , like so much fruit in a blender . the assailant hit him across the face , a poor punch . jonah felt a faint sting of annoyance . the man shouted something and came at him again . jonah dodged and broke his jaw , and decided to leave him with a little internal haemorrhaging as well . he chose not to kill him . newline newline a girl laughed and ran with him towards a rushing river , racing past trees and over rocks . she  d never felt so alive , she said . then she was dead . newline newline a war broke out . it was the third he  d fought in ... no , the fourth . he killed men then . he often became a hero in one country , and a villain in another . sometimes he was worshipped as a god , sometimes a celebrity . whenever his fame would become too great , he  d change his face and name , and leave . newline newline he was anton now , and a building had collapsed . an earthquake . it had always been his greatest fear , and he knew it would happen one day . he screamed until his voice was spent , and then there was only the darkness and the silence . he reflected on his life  the women he  d been with , the destruction he  d seen , the rise and the fall of nations , and of men . the patterns , all the same . people , life , it all repeated itself . nothing was new , nothing exciting , nothing , nothing . there was nothing . anton thought of the man from laos again and understood now , more than ever , how truly cursed he was . newline newline a hundred years later , excavators pulled a madman from an old ruin . no one understood how it was possible . newline newline a lunatic shambled through the desert of the old world . the war to end all wars had ravaged the earth and left only stragglers . the survivors knew to avoid him , knew the stories of the deadeyed immortal wraith , who killed all he came across . newline newline silence again . the world was dead . nothing lived . only the madman . staring at the stars . newline newline the sun was massive in the sky , and would have burnt away his flesh if such a thing could happen . he did not even go blind . only stood , hunched like some ancient vulture , as his world was filled with terrible light . newline newline darkness . only darkness , but for the stars all about him . no stars within him , though , no light and no hope . only darkness . only dark and wretched and eternal life . besides , no one s ever on this road .  newline newline never thought those would be my last words . but at least they must have been ironic , right ? newline newline cause of death : shipping container full of wigs falling out of a plane . right on top of me . hrmm . newline newline arriving in heaven , or what i assumed to be heaven , was a bit lackluster . no lines . just woke up from a bed in the center of a room , with a book next to a blue plastic key on a desk with an old chair , and six doors around the circular room . i d been a good person , this hopefully was nt to delay torture . i peered at the book .  terms and conditions of assignment to the houses of heaven .  this might be hell . newline newline i skimmed the first pages . there was no hell , i must choose my choice of paradise from amoungst the six doors using the key , i can window shop by opening the doors and looking in , yadda yadda , flipped to the end of the book , just a line saying that she knew i would ignore the rest of the book . checked back , all of the rest of the pages are blank . damn you omnipotence . newline newline well , seemed simple enough . i checked the doors , seeing what each one was , leaving the key attached to the book . newline newline the first door , a simple wooden door with a cloth sign above  despair . that s a paradise ? i quickly ran back to the book .  the doors of paradise are labeled by the sins they most provide . while sinning was viewed as an agent of evil , it was actually a showcase of the soul s innate desires .  ah . that makes ... more sense . back to the door . newline newline opening the door , leaving the key back with the book , showed a window to some people falling . oh , they have parachutes . skydiving . that makes a sort of twisted sense . fear lovers . hmm . not my thing . what about the next door ? newline newline this door was a nice oaken door . the label itself was slightly rusty wrought iron word . dispute . time to check inside . the door squeaked a bit opening up . must need oi what is that smell ! newline newline oh . alcohol . it s a party . it s a house party . looking inside , people chatting , playing board games , beer pong , and drinking . lots of talking . this one seems fun . but let s check the rest first . do nt know if i d want to be social for eternity anyway , but i m pretty sure i ll probably be able to at least rest from that . newline newline third door , solid gold  envy . hey , that one actually sounds familiar . opening this one up , and i see a huuuuuge house , partially under construction . silver statues , a beautiful garden , beefy construction workers , is that a jetpack the more i watch , the more extravagant the building becomes , as more and more of the structure gets build . this must be a creators heaven . i wonder if that includes life ... anyway , halfway there . ooooo . living on a well , not anymore , i guess . newline newline door four . or , doors . double doors , with the sign on a stand in front  presumption . taking a guess here , it s going to be the opposite . such as , not knowing something . a research lab ? opening these and ... yup . a lab . stainless steel tables , beakers , scientists in white lab coats , everything i expected . that was easy . people learning about stuff . wonder if any of it would involve explosions . newline newline the lab then exploded . that was loud . wonder if anyone got hurt . oh , i hear some crying , a guy in the back must be hurt . guess so , those guys ran back there . would i heal up if that happened to me ? is death a thing here ? oh hey , ambulance noises . i guess the guy s going to be fine . as i thought that , the guy stood up , a little beat up , but fine . perfectly fine . but researching things really is nt my deal , i d prefer a more active eternity . what s up next ? newline newline fifth one . metal , with ... dents ? engraves is the word obstinate . unbending , so , this one will be a place to try out an expand their horizons ? kinda sounds like the previous one . time to check inside . to an immediate hail of gunfire , in a dusty hallway filled with boxes . so what is this ? murdering ? war ? i guess if you ca nt die , there s not much issue with shooting live targets . as a distant guy drops to the floor , a loud voice states calmly ,  counter terrorists win .  wait , counter strike ? is this a video game room ? seriously ? they all respawn in for a new round at that moment . yup . games . i get it now . i might just pick this one , but first , that last door . newline newline final door . white framed glass door , like at home , the wooden sign says  impenitence  . whatever that means . last one , then i make my decision , for , i guess eternity ? that ca nt really be fair . i ll probably get bored . anyway , final door . inside is ... my home . that s my father making dinner , my mother watching eric play in the back yard . my music ... a little loud upstairs . so what , i get to go back to my life ? or just experience life on a loop ? i do nt get this one . oh hey , it s changing to another scene . newline newline sanchez park . i used to play here , and here s where i had my first oh woah wait i do nt want to see that . newline newline shut that door a bit louder then i should have . wait , no ones here to complain . nevermind . yup . that one is to relieve my life alright . guessing i get to make new decisions and change things . let s see . newline newline my options are : adrenaline junkie , socialization , world building , learning , video games , and relieving my old life . newline newline newline i never had too many friends , and it does nt really bother me . it looked like they also had board games , and some of those funny looking dice , so i guess that included dnd as well . not my schitck . dispute is out . newline newline i never really enjoyed the sims or minecraft either . so that eliminates envy . newline newline finding the solutions after hours of work really annoyed me . i just want the answers . no presumption . newline newline as much as i d like to choose to change the past and see what happens , i ca nt help but feel i d lose my memories and get put in a loop . that means no impenitence for me . newline newline well . i know which one i want . double checking the ,  terms and conditions ,  it says i get to reselect every couple thousands years , to account for new personality changes over time . and also that i ll choose obstinate first , after reading the book a second time . damnit . well , screw that , i ll suffer just to prove god wrong . i ll change my answer later . newline newline after throwing that book as hard as i could , i walk over to presumption , for ironies sake , and turn my key . newline newline   newline newline the book opens to the middle after hitting the wall , where in small type is written ,  your presumption of presumption is wrong , and for that , you select it many times before you move on .  but is nt read for years to come . newline newline newline huh , well shit ... i thought i would be done with tough questions like this after my third act back home .  newline newline peter nervously chuckled as he glanced around looking for any hint of laughter in his audience . their faces were stern and unimpressed . he bent over and tapped the translator microphone . newline newline  jeez ... is this on ? you guys can hear me right ?  newline newline the chief responded to peter s attempt at  small talk  with a quick and deliberate answer . newline newline  it is on , we can hear you fine peter . we would urge you to bypass the jokes and answer the question . you were brought here on behalf of your planet in order to answer these questions . now , please , would you answer the question at hand .  newline newline peter shuffle stepped while removing any hint of sarcasm from his face . newline newline  well sir , i think the fact that i m here today answers that question for you . i think our greatest strength is simultaneously our greatest fault . sir we are never , ever content with ourselves . we live on a planet named earth that bursts with waterfalls that make your jaw drop , mountains that stop your heart , and creatures that stimulate the imagination . even with all this at our doorstep , we still strive to look up , and reach for the stars . do you know how much time and effort was required to get me here ? do you know how many people devoted their lives to this mission ? do nt get me wrong sir , i am honored to be speaking in your presence , and i know that our drive for a better world is what makes us humans special . but , sometimes , i think we forget where we are . most humans on earth spend their lives just trying to get off it and into heaven . i think it would do us a great deal if every once in a while we take a look around the planet we were given and be happy with how far we ve come . the human race is a great race sir . maybe we do nt recognize it enough , but i think if you work with us for enough time , you sure as hell will . i woke with a start , on a bed of green . newline newline my first thought was not a coherent one , and my arms slapped out to the side as if to catch myself from a fall . slowly , my brain began to register that the throbbing in my head was because i was staring directly up , into the overhead sun . i squinted at it angrily before sitting up . newline newline i was in the middle of a grassy plain . white bunnies darted in and out of burrows scattered around me . my legs were splayed out in front of me  they were bare but for a pair of underpants , and toned with with the smooth , wiry muscle of an endurance athlete newline newline  what the fuck ?  my outburst faded to a whisper as i wiggled my toes for the first time in a decade . i had legs again ! newline newline  this must be a i must be  i stuttered and pinched myself . it hurt . i stared in amazement for a moment before i realized that there was a flashing light in the corner of my vision . i looked at it , only for it to expand into a blue textbox . newline newline welcome to hell ! v0.2314 newline newline i was in hell ? i glanced around again . this place didn  t look like hell . honestly , it didn  t look too bad at all . kinda like an oldschool rpg . and i could walk ! i stood up shakily , then moved toward a nearby bunny . it bounded away before i could touch it , but i quickly spotted a stationary bunny sunning itself on a rock . i plodded towards it and reached out to brush its soft fur . i froze . i touched it again . that  s newline newline  bizarre.  i murmured . the fur looked like it should be soft and silky , but it felt smooth and leathery , and colder than it ought to have been . i reached out to touch it again , then jumped back with a yelp as fire exploded in my hand . the bunny bolted from the rock , not running so much as sliding along the ground in an odd zigzag pattern . newline newline  the fuck ? !  newline newline snake deals 5 damage .  newline you have been poisoned !  newline newline words slowly floated across my vision before fading into the sky . i watched them for a moment before steeling myself and trying to think things through . ok . i wasn  t on earth anymore . i had legs and i was outside . that meant that this place , hell or whatever , didn  t follow normal earth rules . the point was punctuated by a 1 rising from my hand and floating off . newline newline clearly , this was some kind of virtual world with survival elements . vicious bunnies , for example . i looked up , just in case the furry assholes were plotting some kind of ambush , only to go still as i saw i was alone . newline newline a low growl sounded from behind me . i slowly turned . newline newline a massive wolf stood only a few meters away . it bared its teeth and growled menacingly , bright red eyes seeming to suck in the daylight and shine it on its prey . on me . newline newline shit . newline newline i bolted , running across the plains as fast as my new legs could carry me . the wolf let out a howl as it gave chase . did that mean it was calling friends ? wolves were pack animals , right ? are game wolves still pack animals ? newline newline my mind whirled with an odd mix of detached curiosity and abject terror at the thought of the wolf hot on my heels . i could hear its loping footfalls . i imagined i could feel the heat of its breath on the back of my neck . i heard jaws open ! spittle struck ! i tripped  screamed ! newline newline  ahhhh !  i curled into a ball and covered my head . a moment passed . newline newline a gentle breeze whistled by . newline newline slowly , i uncurled myself and looked back . the wolf was stuck in a strange midmotion pose . its legs were locked as if in the middle of running , but its head thrashed and snapped in a disjointed motion . its front paw seemed to be stuck inside the small boulder that i must have tripped over . the wolf froze completely , though i could still hear it snarling and snapping . its body began flicking back and forth , facing different directions without any movement in between before suddenly disappearing midsnarl . newline newline   plains wolf has lost interest .   floated idly by . newline newline great . newline newline fanfuckingtastic . newline newline what did this place say again ? version 0.2 ? humanity has existed for thousands of years and they  ve only got a version 0.2 ? newline newline with a sigh , i looked down to the corner of my vision . an unobtrusive blue ladybug icon appeared in the bottom left . i willed it to expand . newline newline hello ! would you like to re  ! port a bug a bug ?  newline newline i raised my palm to my face . newline newline this was going to be a long afterlife . newlineall marv wanted was a calm , quiet , happy life . one without disturbance . he might have had a life of crime a good number of years ago but now he was clean . he settled down in a rural , small town , on the outskirts of a lake . took a job at a welding store nearby , slowing learning his trade to earn a living . it was nt much , but after having his face plastered all over the newspapers , a quaint lifestyle worked wonders . newline newline marv opened the door to his house after a busy day at work and took a deep breath . the stress from the annoying customers and loud machinery dissipated into nothingness . he closed the door behind him and went into the kitchen to grab a beer . a black flash out of the corner of his eye caught his attention . he looked around and inhaled sharply . newline newline it was a black tarantula . newline newline it brought back a quick flash of memories , memories from his past that he had buried in the crevices of his mind . he brushed away the growing thoughts and ignored it , giving it to chance that a spider had happened upon his house . newline he closed his fridge door and went back into his living room to watch mindless programs . newline  newline newline kevin plunged the tip of the syringe into his forearm , exhaling as the rush slowly took over him again . he pulled the balaclava over his head and waited in the bushes outside of a house . he hoped that the tarantula had been a good enough warning for marv . blood rushed to his head as the drug worked its way into his system . newline newline it was time . newline newline kevin slowly crept his way towards the back door , making sure that no one was watching . he felt the adrenaline course through his veins , his heart thumping loudly in his chest . he gripped the doorknob firmly and immediately screamed in pain . a defined m was seared into his palm , blood crusted . the door flung open and a fierce looking marv stood there , shotgun in hand . newline newline  i ve been waiting to do this since 1990 you little shit !  marv screamed as he fired . i  m sorry , what ?  i asked , taken aback by the request sent down from the mother ship buried on the dark side of the moon . newline newline  you heard me , glax , that television thing you  ve created needs to go . it had a good run , we thought the violence in real life was bad , but this stuff . i mean you  ve seen some of these shows , that  s what they call them right ?  the metallic voice responded , with a hint of confusion . newline newline  look , i spent a lot of time to get this stuff up and running . who cares if there  s some tits , or some gore every once in a while.  i said , crossing both sets of my arms . it was freeing to be out of my human costume for a little while . newline newline  glax , you  re beginning to talk like them too . i mean , you even ask me to use their common language when we speak over the holocommunitron.  newline newline  i need the practice !  i responded , slightly offended . newline newline  after almost 100 earth years ? you know the language by now , you  re becoming one of them . look , the television isn  t just for silly picture shows anymore . they get their fears out , and they spread lies and propagandas . this is the kind of stuff we wanted to stop them from doing ! you can  t seriously think it  s okay to let them keep this sort of technology.  newline newline i allowed silence to fill the room decorated with old posters from human movies , and television shows . i was so proud of what the humans had done with tv , as they had shortened it . it was beautiful . a human word that i often used to describe it was  artistic  . i hadn  t realized how long i  d been staring at the posters until the voice on the communicator buzzed up again . newline newline  glax , i know you  re still there , say something.  it demanded . the voice had always been grating because of electronic interference , but now it was even more annoying to listen to .  glax , this is stupid . you know if you don  t pull the plug , we can do it from here . you just won  t like our method of doing so.  newline newline  you  d resort to violence ? i believe it was a human who said ,  an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.  or are you so much like the creatures you fear you don  t care ?  i asked , raising my voice . newline newline the silence was deafening . newline newline  glax.  it spoke , after a long pause . newline newline  yes ?  newline newline  you have one earth week.  newline newline  yes . of course.  newlinethe blood splattering into the air . the bullets clashing with thin armor , and then flesh . oh i love the sensation , the rush i m given when i gun down enemy after enemy . newline newline but it was nt always like this , however . newline newline i was a game addict , but to only games like call of duty or battlefield . i ... was amused by the sight of killing , but not as much as the whole set up . i enjoyed war , and the atmosphere it creates . i had first thought that this was a sign for me to become a game developer for first person shooters , but i m slowly beginning to regret it . and i was never one to cosplay , so when i was drafted for what i believe is a frivolous war , i still was excited . newline newline right now , i m more pumped than ever . after only a few kills i begin to lose it , the feeling so enjoyable that i just leap out of my cover and just shoot wherever . i did nt care that i struck a friendly in the knee , or shooting an explosive barrel . i did nt even care when i was getting shot at , the bullets penetrating my leg and chest . newline newline and you re sure as hell i did nt care when a bullet grazed my neck , and i tumbled onto the ground . my only regret , my only reason to frown is that i did nt live on to fight some more .the wheel spun for what seemed like forever . i do nt know what i was focused on more , what my significant other would get or what i would get ... oh the possibilities ! as the wheel slowed my heart began to race with anticipation . newline newline finally it stopped and with a final , almost desperate last gasp ticked one more time landing on the hulk . i did nt know what to expect ... would she be filled with rage turning herself into a monster or just the power to be basically invisible ? before i could think too much the transformation happened . i am unsure why she did nt remain normal until a rage fit , but it did nt matter now . my girlfriends body twisted and turned as she let out an ever more animal like howl . standing before me was my girlfriend now about 8 feet tall and probably close to 1400 lbs ! newline newline i stood shocked and speechless for a moment while my eyes , scanning her new form up and down , drank it all in . neither of us spoke for what seemed like forever , until she let out a little grunt bringing me back to my senses . it all became clear ... i knew what i had to do and what was needed . i grabbed the wheel and spun it as hard as i could . i crossed my fingers hoping for the powers of tombstone . if it worked out i would nt need to breath anymore which was vital for my plan . why ? well let s just say next stop is  up  the rabbit hole if you know what i mean !   i knew what i was doing . we all knew what we were doing . i did nt even have to lie because the prosecutor knew to not ask the questions he did nt want to hear the answer to and my lawyer knew to only ask the ones that made me look good . newline newline  were following policy when you shot mr. tyrone biggums ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline it was the truth . i knew that if tyrone had squealed it would have forever changed my life for the worst . i feared for my life and took action . newline newline  were you aware that mr. biggums has previous arrests ?  newline newline  objection !  yelled the prosecutor . he had to at least play the part of a citizen concerned about smearing the victims name . newline newline the judge overruled it , my attorney said it would help to explain my mindset at the time of the shooting . newline newline  yes , mr. biggums had been arrested for attempted murder and burglary .  newline newline that was the nail in the coffin . there was no more sympathy for tyrone after hearing about his official records and watching the mob outside scream about how he was paradoxically a good boy . newline newline the jury returned with the expected verdict . administration would give me another week of vacation and then i would be back on duty . the narcotics division was nt going to run itself and we needed a new informant .and then , clarity . newline newline i reached up , fumbling in the darkness , and slid back the lid . light and sound began to permeate the capsule and i took a moment to let my senses adjust to the sudden glut of sensory information . whereas before , the myriad distractions of the world had supplied my mind with endless diversion , now they were like the noise of the hoi polloi that fails to drown the perfect chords of a piano in an ivory tower . eagerly , i stood and reached for the towel the assistant had lain close by . i felt invigorated  infused with energy and purpose  but there was much to do and much to plan before doing and so i kept this nervous energy tightly reigned as i dried and dressed myself . i left the building deep in thought . newline newline later that day i looked around my house in slight disgust . so many of the things with which i had filled my life now seemed so meaningless despite my understanding of how i had felt and reasoned about them previously . the pencils and charcoals strewn about the place as i sketched whatever took my fancy now seemed like so much detritus underfoot . i swept it aside in my search for the few belongings i would actually need . the anonymous mask on my wall smiled beatifically into the room and i grimaced in return , thinking how pointless daydreams of agitation and insurgency had been .  governments should be afraid of their people  , so sayeth v. well , how fortunate for governments that the people do not think . newline newline no . the way to seize power is to follow the channels through which power already flows . to fill those channels and burst their banks so that the dam of bureaucracy may be broken , the effluent flushed clean and the course of a country remade . it has always been common knowledge that money is the downfall of politics and that no politician would ever stand to remove it . i am no politician . i am a soldier . a revolutionary . and that s what this country needs . more than anything else . an end to poverty . an end to unemployment . an end to unfair agreements and subjugations . and all it will take is to make my different opponents appear as if they belonged to one category . that they might all be decapitated by a single , lightning blow . newline newline oh , and one more thing . a shave . and then my struggle begins .what if the 3rd reich never conquered the world ? it would surely be much worse place . if no one was there to stop them the communists in russia and china would no doubt have conquered all of europe and asia . there filthy communist ideals would have destroyed europe and asia . without our advances in the sciences the world would be much more primitive . the dilution of pure aryan blood would no doubt have set humanity back at least a hundred years . germany would no doubt have been divided among the victors . germany suffered so much during the great war and surely would not survive another loss of that magnitude .reese only started to hang out at the abandoned factory about 3 weeks ago . he turned off his electronic cigarette and started walking to get his stash of money of questionable source he put there yesterday inside the factory . newline newline as he walked past the looming stacks of 30 year old firewood his footfalls made quiet yet crunching sounds on the gravel . he knew something was wrong , it was never this quiet . he steadily proceeded but with a slight caution towards the heavily rusted door just metres away from the freight train tracks . newline newline he budged it open and the weightless dust was surprisingly overpowering like a thick veil of smoke . the sun beams where penetrating through the dirty smashed windows illuminating sections of ground inside . reese made his way across to the maintenance closet where his money was stashed . he took off his bag started stuffing about 4,000 dollars worth of cash from the shelf to his bag . as he was shoving the money in his bag he heard a phone ringing probably about 2 or 3 storeys up . definitely not a cellular phone , it was more like an old style rotary phone . newline newline he finished packing his bag and then made his way up the broken staircases to floor 3 . it was progressively getting louder and he was sure it was on this level . newline newline he saw a black lucy rotary phone on a crate next to a leather chair with a hole revealing the sponge cushion . newline newline he approached it and sat down and scooted the chair over and picked up the phone . newline newline the phone crackled . newline newline  hello ?  he said newline newline no answer . newline newline  why did you call this phone ?  reese questioned with a expression of fear and curiosity . newline newline  to answer questions about anything , you see i know anything .  a person replied on the other side . newline newline  any question , huh ? okay . who am i and where do i live ?  newline newline  you are reese winterton , 23 , you live at 677 hambley blvd , pikeville , ky 41501 , usa . your email is rwinterton  gmail.com and you have a honda crf250r dirt bike .  newline newline  what the fuck ! who are you ?  reese barked newline newline  i am not alive nor dead , i am not a person or an entity , i just am . ask me anything .  the voice replied . newline newline  newline newline i have no idea how to finish this . sorry :  newlineit s been about three months since i took the test . i d like to be all humble and say that i could nt know for sure that i d licked it , that it was tough , that i got all easy questions somehow , that it was just an honor to be nominated . but i was nt halfway out the door before i picked up my bag , fished out my phone , and started rocking out to  we are the champions .  because , you see , i just knew . what i did nt know was how much my life was going to change . newline newline i remember that i texted paul right after . we d been friends my whole life . he d been having a rough time lately  his dad was out of the picture and his mom was working two jobs just to put food on the table for him and his two sisters , so he was usually stuck at home watching the girls . i figured he needed a break , so i told him to meet me at gamestop because i had the best news , no excuses . he showed up about 30 minutes later . newline newline  hey trev , what s going on ? sorry i did nt get here sooner , i had to get aunt martha to watch callie and jess .  newline newline  just took the sats , man . feels good to have that behind me . did pretty well , actually .  newline newline  oh yeah ?  newline newline  mmhmm . i aced the verbal and the math part . i wo nt know the writing score until whatever grader they hire off craigslist gets done with it , but i figure i knocked it out of the park . the prompt said for me to describe a time i overcame adversity , and i wrote all about how i had to grow up and be the man of the house when my father walked out on us .  i saw the expression on his face , and quickly added ,  hey , it s such an inspirational story i could nt help it ! are you mad ? i m sorry .  newline newline he still looked a little upset , but he said ,  hey , man , it s you . guess i ca nt get too upset , you know . i mean , you tutor the football team , you volunteer at the soup kitchen and the salvation army . you ve even spent a summer in africa putting up mosquito nets . you ve done quite a lot for yourself . but if you think my story is so great , i m glad you thought of it .  newline newline we hung out for 20 minutes or so , and then i had to head off  i was tutoring billy jenkins , and if i m more than 10 minutes late i lose half my fee . i hopped on my bike , kicked it in gear , and as i rode i thought , not for the first time , that paul would have been really cool if he did nt have to spend so much time keeping track of a couple little girls . the guy read everything , was almost as smart as i am  he d taken the sat about a month before me  all he said was that he d done  all right   , and he was responsible as hell  the best brother from another mother i d ever had . newline newline two weeks later , two things happened . first , i got my writing score back : a perfect 800 . not that i was worried . the second thing , a couple days later , was that i got called into the office during third period .  english class . yawn .  i left the kids and mrs. stoker to their shakespeare and headed down . i checked in with the receptionist .  what s up ?  newline newline the receptionist , miss smith  i think ?  indicated a tall , bearded man in sunglasses and a black suit , who d been sitting behind me , but rose now that i d entered . newline newline  this is mr. lightman , i believe ?  he nodded .  he s from the paper and he wants to write a short piece on you . we ve talked with your parents and they ve given permission .  newline newline  of course ,  i said , playing it cool . it never looks good to get too excited about things , but i was stoked . i followed him into the next room and got ready to answer his questions . newline newline he pulled out a small device  i guess it looked a bit like one of those voice recorders . he switched it on and said ,  testing , testing ,  and looked at the indicator screen . he frowned a bit , but so quickly that i almost did nt notice . newline we spent the next fifteen minutes or so talking about my background , my family , my hobbies , if i had any test secrets . i said that i d already been accepted to stanford and yale , so it did nt matter too much if harvard dragged its heels . he laughed a bit at that , one of those polite laughs that does nt get near your eyes . newline newline newline after a while , he asked me ,  can i follow you around for a bit ? a day in the life of a testmaster ?  i could hear the camel case , and almost called him out on it , but instead i said sure , why not . he followed me around all day , and he almost came home with me  paul was driving me to and from school that week since my car was in the shop , so it would have been crowded for him in the back seat with the two girls  , but at the last minute he said ,  i think i have what i need . i ll be in touch if i need to follow up .  newline newline newline a couple weeks later , i got a phone call from paul .  hey man , you ll never guess where i am .  newline newline newline  chili s ?  newline newline  even better .  newline newline  olive garden ?  newline newline  no , man , about 500 light years from the olive garden . we call this place elysium .  newline newline i was stunned .  you re shitting me .  newline newline  nope .  newline newline then he told me the whole story . turns out that human technology was about a thousand years ahead of where the rest of us thought it was . that thing mr. lightman had had nt been a tape recorder  paul called it an  aristometer .   basically , it takes a complete mathematical reading of your intellect , your talents , and your morals , and tells you numerically how good you are , to the 9th decimal place .  he said that the people at elysium were keeping an eye on humanity and gradually letting in the people they thought were worthy , to make sure that the human race would still survive if the rest of us destroyed ourselves . newline newline i stopped him short .  so , you re saying that they re taking the best minds of our time . when do i pack ?  newline newline he laughed . i d never heard him laugh quite like that before . newline newline  are you serious ?  newline newline  sure . mr. lightman came there to see me .  newline newline  he came to see the person you wrote your essay about . your description of yourself  that is , your description of me  tripped a lot of alarm bells in elysium s surveillance net : compassion , intelligence , wisdom , good humor . the folks here are monitoring our every communication , looking for the absolute best that humanity has to offer . i m actually blushing right now , thinking about it .  newline newline  so what ? i m brilliant , athletic , socially conscious . what makes you a better choice than me ?  newline newline his voice changed , and there was a forcefulness in his words that i d never noticed before .  you re brilliant and athletic , sure . you have a lot of talent . but you only think about yourself . that s why you volunteer  to get service hours and things to write about in admissions essays . you charge football students  40 an hour to teach them long division . you ca nt even remember that my dad died of lung cancer last year . you always talk about him like he s just gone away .  newline newline  i thought  i thought it was too painful to talk about .  newline newline  for you , maybe ! maybe i needed someone to talk to , man ! all of us were going through hell , and no one to say a word about it .  his voice grew quieter .  anyway , it was dumb luck that i was driving you to and from school that day . i guess i should thank your selfish ass again .  newline newline  come on , paul ,  i said .  it s not too late . please ,  i begged .  you can put in a word for me .  newline newline  would nt matter if i did , even if i wanted to . anyway , i just wanted to call to say thank you . yeah , maybe to brag a little bit . wo nt deny that . and i want you to say bye to my mom and the girls for me . they would nt let me tell them , and i could nt bring them along . i wanted to , but rules are rules . oh man , this place is amazing .  newline newline he went on and told me all about elysium , but i could nt hear a word he said . i hung up the phone at some point , crawled into bed , and stared at the ceiling for three solid days . ever since , my appetite has gone and i do nt sleep at night . that s when i hear paul s voice on the phone that day , standing in judgment , tantalizing me with paradise . he has nt called back , and in my better moments i do nt blame him , not really . every now and then , i even think that he might have been right . newline newline but even if that were true , he had no right to betray me like he did . he should have done more , been more persusasive , made sure we could both go , or given me his place so he could keep on taking care of his family . these nights , i take my smartphone and my telescope out to the backyard and i search . i m looking for elysium . and when i find it , i m going to get some answers .the raging king s tavern was lively that evening : a roaring fire kept the damp of the night out and far from thought , while laughter and song drowned out the rain of the storm outside . ribald lyrics were flowing from the bard s mouth almost as quickly as the inn s patrons quaffed their hearty ales . dancing , drink and music , occupied nearly everyone , except for a small coterie of foreigners . newline newline there in the middle of the festivities was a group of outsiders who sat halfshouting to one another in hushed and hurried whispers . every time a patron would draw too close they d be met with silence and a fivefold set of icy stares until the moved away . the party of stalwart adventurers continued their meeting with an air of portentous intrigue , and that s what got some of the taverngoers talking . newline newline old reiliegth the boatswain said they d like as not be paladins heading downriver to fight the unnamed god of the slimy fish men of dun darlarth . rue the baker s son shouted they were knights off to fight fodum the giant , who had killed the candlemaker only a week before . arland the farmer thought they might be clerics come to demand the count return the village s missing women . gwendolyn the town s lady of the night posited that they were probably wizards going to the circle of krum durig , to unravel the mystery of it s alabaster stones . newline newline the argument of who the strangers were , and where they were going got rather heated , and then the betting began , which only made it worse . grimstank the crooked goblin acted as bookie , jotting down all manner of bets : six hapenny for dragonslayers after the gold of the fendrake galdamire , twelve silver ducats for barbarians come to slay the lich and her hundred undead children , a single sterling gold crown on dark cultists to raise the dead lord of the crumbling wastes . newline newline as the night wore on , the strangers retired to their room and the townspeople made their last wagers . in the morning the true horror began : the strangers were neither great heroes nor true villains , but simply tax collectors in the service of the crown . but we need untainted flesh for the ritual  , greg said to me , confidence in his voice . newline newline  why me though  , i said ,  i m probably tainted right ?  newline newline  we just need someone who has nt eaten another person before  , patrick chimed in .  so you in or not ?  newline newline  ok so let me get this straight , you want me to eat me so that you can what ? you can make some random deity happy ?  newline newline  thats more or less it i guess  , greg confirmed , as patrick nodded enthusiastically from the background . newline newline  well i doubt i would be the best candidate for this . you could probably find someone way better for this right ?  newline newline  we tried finding someone else , but everyone has to start somewhere  , patrick stated flatly , frustrated with my refusal to just climb into the tub . newline newline  you know what , i did nt want to do this , but you re forcing my hand  , greg added . he reached out to the table behind him , and lifted up a puppy . not just any puppy , but the cutest damn puppy you ve ever seen . ever .  get in or the puppy gets it .  newline newline  whatever , i m a redditor i like kittens  , i told him , secretly dying a little bit inside . newline newline  i told you , you idiot , kittens or nothing  , patrick said to greg , taking the puppy out of his arms and beginning to pet him . newline newline  well if the puppy did nt work , how else do you want to get him in huh pat ? we need a voluntary sacrifice otherwise we cant appease satan .  newline newline  im sorry can we hold on a minute here ? satan ?  i asked . newline newline  yes , me  , a figure said , stepping out of the shadows . newline newline it took me a moment to process what i was seeing . instead of a red devil with huge horns and a trident that looked more like a pitchfork , i saw trump . donald trump . newline newline  you see now ? if we do nt sacrifice someone satan will become president and all of us will be forced to pay extra taxes  , greg said to me , pleading a bit . newline newline i could nt say no to that . who wants more taxes . newline newline  fine just knock me out real hard first .  newline newline  great  , trump said , and the last thing i saw was a wad of hundreds hitting me between the eyes . newline newline newline newline newline i am the king of the jungle ,  tsavo purred . newline newline furry chin resting on a hot boulder , he slowly gazed over the edges of the brush . tsavo was  defending  his domain . he had some lioness s walking around , but his primary duty was to watch the cubs . although , he was a bit preoccupied . newline newline  stop biting my tail ,  he roared at the littlest cub . newline newline of course the little cubs were terrified and went back to playing amongst themselves . newline newline tsavo looked at the full moon in the bright blue sky . it had just breached the canopy . he knew it would fall dark soon . his heart paced a little faster . newline newline  roooooaaaarrrrr !  birds lept and took flight from the highest branches to distance themselves from tsavo . newline newline he tried to let out his anxiety and also let everyone know he was not happy . he was nt angry though , he was a mixture of anticipation and lust . lust for ... newline newline rustle rustle newline newline tsavo slowly got up , and broodingly looked over at the bush . newline newline who would come this close to the cubs , surely they know i ll kill them .  tsavo thought to himself . newline newline tsavo saw the briefest hint of a hyena s profile in the leafy shadows . newline newline  i ll wait here while you build up your courage .  tsavo calmly announced . tsavo sat in the dusty opening . perfectly aware of the three hyenas encircling him and the cubs . newline newline sniff sniff ... newline newline the first hyena leaped from the shade . jaws opened widely . newline newline tsavo sprung his massive muscles and brought down all his strength with one paw s sideswipe . not even moving from his central position in the opening . newline newline the hyena s head was bleeding in the dusty ground and was laying motionless . newline newline tsavo , turned and slowly padded along to the opposite side s bushes . he opened his mouth wide , flicked out his tongue , and ... newline newline rmbrbrlblbrbllblr he shook the leaves with a low rumble . you could hear the hyenas turn away and start to run . newline newline tsavo looked up . he saw the colored sky that meant night was coming . his heart beat faster . newline newline the lionesses came back with some game and started to clean up for dinner . the cubs were busy yelping the story of the hyenas to their mothers . newline newline without a word , tsavo lumbered away from the opening into the darkness of the evening jungle . nighttime was soon approaching and he must be prepared . newline newline he saw with perfect clarity the defining details of the jungles  the leaves , the branches , the insects , even the scents . he moved like a boat on calm waters , only an occasional lap of water falling from the side of the boat  only a small twig would occasionally break under his weight . birds , would fly away only feet after he would have passed . he did nt harm the birds though , that was a cub s game . his function was mechanical now . he was the apex predator . newline newline he went to his rock , and he pushed aside a boulder to reveal a cave entrance . not too deep , the evening light just barely reached the back of the cave . he creeped in and curled up next to a deserted encampment . tsavo closed his eyes and started to purr . newline newline tsavo woke up to darkness . heart beat getting faster . he felt around , probing . he grabbed the rucksack in the corner of the cave . tsavo rummaged through the bag trying to find what he could nt wait to use . adrenaline was coursing through his body . senses heightened , but comparitively dull . but ... he had this . feeling . this sense of himself . he knew ... what ... no , who ... he was . newline newline  my name is tsavoooooooooooooooooo !  he screamed with as much air his lungs would provide him . newline newline tsavo s eyes were brimming with tears of happiness and exultation and excitement ! newline newline finally , his eyes accustomed to the small amount of moonlight . he finally found it . newline newline tsavo drew a shiny object from the rucksack , something that glinted with mischievous intent . tsavo put the blade in his hand like a claw , and left the cave . newline newline his hand on the rock and his eyes closed in anticipation he glided through the boulder s entrance . newline newline his wet eyes with dilated pupils were wide open . eyelashes blinking away the tears . he wiped the cold sweat off of his brow . newline newline tsavo stood on a ridge . all his focus , all his instinct and being being magnified onto one spot . newline newline a village , with prime hunting . newline newline newline newline newline newlinepeter floated down through the open window , settling down soundlessly on the plush carpet . he gazed on upon the innocent face of matilda and wondered what kind of family she had that had corrupted her imagination and ruined her childhood . this was one child that he could help . newline newline he grazed her cheek with one finger and whispered ,  let us go my princess , neverland awaits .  matilda s eyes shot upon and she stared up at peter s gentle smile . newline newline a second passed and then from her porcelain mouth issued the most bloodcurdling scream peter had ever heard . he froze , simply amazed and altogether impressed at the duration and pitch of her wail . hell , even little timmy had nt screamed like that when captain hook fingered him .  princess , do nt be alarmed . i m here to save you !  , he intoned , layered his voice with magical reverb and enticing her towards the window . newline newline just then , the bedroom door burst open with a bang , detaching from one hinge in the process . silhouetted in the hallway light was the considerable bulk of bruno , matilda s stepfather . he took one look at the scene and then launched himself at peter like a bodybuilding cheetah . newline newline peter giggled merrily and flew out the window . at least , he tried to , but that was interrupted when bruno s kielbasasized fingers latched around his neck . they fell together two stories in the rose garden , and there peter pan encountered a sound beating .  tinkerbell , save me !  , peter cried between blows , but alas tinkerbell was far , far , away slinging fairy dust in the streets and not there in his final moment of need . newline newline matilda surveyed the scene from the shattered remains of the window .  he was flying , daddy !  she yelled .  i saw it ! i saw it with my own eyes .   go back to sleep matilda .  , sighed bruno , leaving the unconscious greenclad boy in the garden lumbering back into the house . newline newline matilda awoke to the first rays of sunlight creeping through her room . she sat up and surveyed the room , bleary eyed . nothing was damaged . nothing was broken . what it all a dream ? how strange . newline newline she walked up to the window and looked down at the rose bushes . it may have been her imagination , but for a single magical moment she could have sworn she saw a golden hummingbird flutter away , streams of gold dust streaming in its wake .let me preface this by saying i m a bit drunk , and have never submitted anything on here before . also , i m writing this from my phone . newline newline jeremiah and i had been working together for about 6 months now . we had just learned that our boss and good friend had just been fired , and were awaiting news to find out who our next boss would be . newline after most of the day had passed we decided to say fuck it , and grab some beers to drink during our shift . a big no no for this company , or any company for that matter . our morale was low so we did nt really care . newline the day , like most days , was not busy at all . it was mostly standing around waiting for customers . they seldom came . newline i grab us some ipas , jeremiah had never had one before . i figured it was as good a time as any to try them out . newline jeremiah cracks one open and starts guzzling . i am a little annoyed because you re not supposed to chug good beer , but i do nt say anything . newline newline  pretty good .  he says , with a fat smile on his face . newline newline an hour or so passes and we re starting to let the beer affect us . the store still has no customers . so we were having a good time talking about sports , women . everything , and nothing . we avoid the difficult subjecting of losing our friend to the bureaucracy that is our company until jeremiah asks . newline newline  hey , wan na hear something fucked up ?  newline newline i turn my head up , away from the computer to listen . newline newline  do you wan na hear the real reason why john got fired ?  he asks . newline newline  his numbers were shitty right ?  at least that s what i had been told . newline newline  no , dude he was a dick.  newline newline john was one of the nicest guys i had ever met . and i had always thought that his employees loved and respected him . newline newline  what do you mean ?  i ask . newline newline  man , he was just an ass hole .  newline newline he would nt elaborate . newline newline  i just could nt stand working for him anymore .  newline newline i m confused .  dude , what the fuck ? what was there not to like about john ?  newline newline he leans back in his chair and folds his arms . he looks satisfied . newline newline  i told dante that he was taking money from the register .  he confesses . newline newline dante was our district manager , and he disliked john . money had been missing from the register . i thought it was another employee who had recently been let go . newline newline  dude , ben got fired for stealing the money .  i said . newline newline  naw .  i get a sick feeling in my stomachache .  no dude it was me.  he erupts with laughter .  i just quit taking it after he got fired .  newline newline  you re seriously fucked up .  newline newline he just sat here with his scheming grin . i hardly ever get angry . but right then , i was livid . at a loss for words i get up and quickly walk to the front of the store to get a hold of our district manager . the alcohol had taken a strong hold on me . my phone was dead and i did nt have dante s number on hand . i was drunk and pissed off . at that moment i felt helpless . but i d have to wait until i sobered up to do something about it . jeremiah comes out from the back and approaches me . newline newline  you better not be a bitch and say anything.  newline newlineyesterday i graduated from high school . my dad and my grandfather gave me my first fishing boat as a present and i was truly shocked . we have lived together for 9 years and they somehow made the boat in secret and kept it hidden from me . i will name the boat after my mother . her memory is a long faded but very warm one for me . newline newline the year  22 was a watershed year for me . i was 8 years old and my mother died in the winter . i don  t remember the explosion very well but everything else is hard to forget . i only remember that it was winter because a lot of people died in the blast , it must have been a lot , there was so much blood in the snow . i remember the doctors a little and the nurses a lot . the nurses talked to me and the doctors looked at me while they talked but they were not talking to me so i peered around them to the tv in my hospital room that was constantly playing the olympics . i liked the olympics , especially the hockey . we got to the final that year but lost to the canadians again . i remember being sad about that and even crying , i suppose i cried a lot then . newline newline my dad was a very strong man . he wanted to kill the people who hurt me and mom . he talked a lot on tv about it and the other families just cried when they were on the tv . one time my dad was on the feed with the leader of the government , she was a strong woman too . she said  it is time to wipe these fanatics into the sea.  she really seemed mad and she really meant it . people were angry that year . newline newline by the end of summer more explosions and more crying families made it impossible to go anywhere and have fun . dad wasn  t working anymore because he said he was too tired to be angry or do anything . people were always in the news fighting about things . they made their own armies and tried to kill people in the government . the leader was stronger than ever then . she said she would send every one of the religious bastards to their god and that they could apply for a new citizenship in heaven . newline newline when school was supposed start again i was feeling better and ready to go but dad said we needed to move to grandpas . he was a fisherman and lived by the water and i loved his house . i thought we were moving because my dad was too sad to love me anymore but now i know we were just running from the war . all over the world it seemed people were having wars in their own countries . some countries invaded others and some just fought themselves like ours did . i know there are still people fighting in the cities and the south is always fighting but where we live it is pretty calm now . newline newline my old friends were afraid to play outside and couldn  t come over to my house because they said my dad was sick . they were lying because my dad wasn  t sick he was just sad . at grandpas house i met lots of people and by winter break i had new friends . they thought my scars were cool and they said it meant i was tough . i liked living with grandpa too , everyone liked him . people always came to get his advice and he would tell them what he thought . grandpa and dad took me fishing every weekend and that is where i learned about praying . we mostly prayed for good weather and good fishing . sometimes we prayed to be strong so we could work hard . newline newline grandpa said that allah  s people killed my mom and that they were crazy , he said a lot of people believe a lot of dumb things in this world . it may seem muddy and confusing but i knew that our religion was the right one and the others were wrong . our ancestors had believed the same as us and travelled the world to share the stories . we didn  t have any books with the stories anymore because of the laws but my grandpa knew them all . he told them to me in his boat or after supper while he and i washed the dishes . my mom never like grandpas stories because she didn  t believe in them and i figured my dad didn  t either until he said he was proud that i was learning the family tradition and he prayed just as hard as grandpa and i did . newline newline it was a watershed year because in  22 i left behind my childhood . i lost my mother and my home . i was of the city and loved tv and video games . i lost my friends and my country lost its innocence . i know it wasn  t an innocent country before then but that war changed people . it changed our civilization . when people see our flag they don  t think of the tolerant nation of free people we once were . we once stood high and proud in the world but now we are as dirty and ashamed of what we did to each other . newline newline our government is still run by the same woman and she is very popular . she won the war against the religious and her party owns the tv feeds . well most of them . satellites send out whatever they want and lots of them disagree with her but they are run by people who have to hide and don  t look as polished as the real feeds . her famous slogan is repeated world wide  if it takes a populist to solve the problems of everyday people then i am proud to lead a populist party.  newline newline now that i am done school i will go fishing for a while . my grandfather , my dad , and i will make a fine fleet for fishing this summer . this fall i think i might go to the technical school in the town nearby to study engineering . i  m not sure yet but i will pray on it and get the wisdom to make the decision by then . the allfather will know what is best for me , but i do know that i will not return to oslo and the violence i left behind . odin would never ask that of me . newlinethe odds were astronomical they were . it was one thing to run into carrie , a.k.a . felipe s exgirlfriend from high school who he had nt spoken to or seen in nearly 10 years and have the most painfully awkward conversation of his life and if you asked him it could nt get worse than running into the girl whose virginity he unknowingly took . she , of course , asked him about why he dumped her not long after they d done it . newline newline  i uh , well , i did nt think you um ,  he could nt think about how to tell her he did nt really like her that much ,  it s just you were not really my ... type ?  he could see this conversation happening in third person and wanted to stop himself from answering the question but there was no use in felipe being anything other than felipe : foot in mouth guy  guyguyguyguyguy  . he could see her eyes well and he just wanted the timer to ring before she started to ... ding newline newline the relief was short lived because , if you had asked him before he switch to the next table if it could get worse than running into carrie burg he d have said no , that is until nancy gomez was sitting in front of him . she was crazy . like slash your sister s tires because she s a woman who talks to you crazy and he told her upfront that he was gay , after a year of dating , and it was a lie but he was very sincere about not wanting her around anymore . newline newline nancy glared at him so hard felipe could feel his face slowly melting off , or maybe it was just sweat ?  so , is this what gay guys do felipe ? they go on speed dates with women ?  she asked not rhetorically . he knew this because after about 30 seconds of silence she gestured him to answer and the sudden movement made felipe flinch instinctively . he half expected her to stab him or something ,  i m just confused . right now . i ll probably get over this whole women thing , probably ,  and no ding to save him this time . this was like a nightmare , and it got worse . he heard a familiar laugh , not a laugh , it was a cackle that made his hairs stand up  felipe had forgotten all about nancy fuming in front of him , there was something much worse lurking at the table over . jannie p. schulman . newline newline she was like evil incarnate and felipe looked over to confirm his fears . the blonde blueeyed b.o.h.e .  bane of his existence  twirling her hair nonchalantly as she bellowed that fake laugh . felipe had nt noticed that he audibly yelped when he saw her , but it caught her attention and she looked over ,  oh , felipe ! hey babe ,  she winked at him . he stood up from the table leaving poor nancy to stew in her rage on her lonesome and walked out . newline newline sometimes it s better to just quit while you re behind . chon tao , i have a confession to make .  she started off quietly in the bed . chon tao was pretending to reading a thick fantasy novel when she started off . newline newline newline  so do i honey .  he dimmed the light on the night table .  can i go first ?  newline newline newline  no !  she shrieked .  i have to tell you , i have been keeping too many secrets already .  newline newline newline raising an eyebrow , chon tao replied ,  let s say it at the same time then wendy ?  newline newline newline nodding , she was almost in tears . gesturing , they nearly shouted . newline newline newline  i can rewind time have been doing it since we started dating .  newline newline newline both blinked . neither wanted to start the conversation again after the cat was out of the bag . newline newline newline chon tao went first .  how many times have we had this conversation ?  newline newline newline blushing , wendy shook her head .  thirty seven .  covering her eyes , she was weeping .  how did yours end ?  newline newline newline  much the same as yours .  he lifted her arms off her eyes .  with you in tears like this and basil coming to the bed to console you .  newline newline newline at that very moment , a great dane had decided to join the conversation by using licking as a form of communication . he told them that he had heard the two of them revealing their powers and he was glad of it , now that the burden had been lifted . newline newline newline but it mostly came off as being an annoyed couple now drenched with dog breath .bryan decided he d ask on father s day . he tromped through the woods , pulling a wagon with a squealing girl in it  jeff trudged behind , wearing a threesizestoosmall tutu with a toddler on his shoulders .  daddy ! let s camp here !  bryan grinned and picked his daughter up from the wagon , smirking at jeff while expertly constructing a tent in ten minutes . patiently , jeff held his son s hand , planning his strategy , rolling out the sleeping pads and arranging the my little pony pillow just so . his son could barely walk , so it came to bryan s spunky little 7 year old to choose if jeff made the cut as best dad . it d be rough going against the girl s own father , but this was not a contest he had any intention of losing . it was their first camping trip together , and he knew bryan was in over his head  they both knew it . he d even worn a tutu for this . newline newline there was only the weekend and no time to lose  they set about impressing each other and the kids . bryan took his axe and built a roaring campfire  jeff came out of the tent with handmade ice cream cone chocolate smores . bryan told a scary story over a flashlight  jeff held the kids in his arms as they cried in fright , not flinching a bit when the girl used his shirt as a snot rag . bryan found edible berries  jeff treated the poison oak the kids got picking them . saturday evening , jeff asked bryan if he could have a walk with his daughter through the woods , just the two of them , so would bryan watch jeff s son ? well , no way to say no to that . he watched his daughter grab jeff s hand , skipping happily beside the tall , lanky man . newline newline a few hours later , bryan heard a yip , looking up to see his daughter leading a puppy to their tent with scraps of meat . a puppy ! jesus . where the hell did jeff get a puppy ? his daughter had always wanted one , but she did nt understand that animals were nt free . bryan had to give it to the man  he knew how to win over a kid . bryan started grilling lunch s grinders as jeff s eyes twinkled . his daughter loved grinders , but she was too busy fluffing the dog s fur to even notice . that fucking puppy was adorable . as it seemed more and more likely his daughter was thinking jeff was a great dad , bryan tried to build up the courage to even ask . newline newline sunday night , it was time for the decision . throwing the last bundle of clothes into the back of the truck , bryan had a gleam of anxious sweat . he crouched down , taking his daughter s hands in his own .  so what do you think , honey  want to have two daddys ?  and he pulled out a ring . newline newline newline edit , just so you know , a grinder is a sandwich . like a sub or a hoagie . i hate you . i hate the way that you laugh and the way that you look and everything about you i hate , and in fact i hate you because you make me hate you . newline newline remember when those kids used to tease you in school ? everything that they said was true .  you re too fat , you should kill yourself . now you re too skinny , you should eat more . you re ugly , where did you get those clothes , a concentration camp ?  newline newline you are what i despise , and today for the first time since i ve known you , i ve realized that we are fixed on each other . i ca nt leave you and you ca nt leave me . i hate you . newline newline maybe at the end of this day when i get home it will all be over , because this time instead of pills or a knife , i have a rope , and tonight i wo nt fail . i am going to end you ! i am going to destroy this ,  keller waved his hand at the broad expanse of fortress visible from the tower where they stood ,  i m going to destroy the whole damn empire ! starting with you , murderer .  newline newline dusk stared back at him with cold violet eyes . his namesake crept along the horizon , edging the world in purple and orange , snaking long fingers of shadow into the tower room , turning the toppled chairs , tables and bodies into pillars of darkness . newline newline he flicked his wrist , sending a spray of congealing blood across the room to splatter against one of the few unbroken windows . keller pointed the heavy shortsword at his chest .  starting with you .  he repeated . dusk drew the long sword from his side . the strange metal was black , completely matte . the faintly glowing purple markings carved along the blade were visible in the shadow his body made , setting sun at his back . newline newline  yes , you will destroy us .  the grand marshall s voice cast its own shadow across the room , darkening keller s resolve .  do you have any idea what you ve done ? what you ve brought into this world ?  the setting sun cast a harsh red light behind him , and cold violet eyes glowed from within a pool of shadow . newline newline rhaltez stirred within keller as the cold violet eyes sought out what lay beneath the mortal flesh .  what you have brought into this world will destroy far more than the empire .  the eyes continued . newline newline keller snarled , a sound of incoherent animal rage , and launched himself across the room . the black sword parried his own , directing him to the side . his feet barely seemed to touch the floor before he was moving again , circling around the violet eyes to strike out again . again , the black sword deflected and then countered , cutting a dark path through the air . keller was forced to duck backwards , settling into a crouch just out of reach . newline newline the pause lasted less than a breath . the grand marshall stepped forward with a thrust which keller swatted aside . stepping into his foe s reach keller shouldered the man hard in the chest . instead of pushing him backward , keller found a vice like hand around his collar , and then he was flung backward , nearly a dozen feet . newline newline landing on his feet , keller felt the rage within him building . rhaltez stirred again , seeking release , its mind pressing up against his own . he pushed it away with a shake of his head , but the creature persisted , quietly assuming its presence at the back of his mind . dusk sprang into motion at the same time keller shook his head , crossing the distance between them in a flash . newline newline metal rang out against metal as the two men clashed in a flurry of blows . slowly , almost imperceptibly , keller was forced back . first his back foot slid back , then his front as he closed his stance . eventually his back foot connected with a toppled chair and the momentary lapse in rhythm of the his fight let the dark blade slip by and gouge his shoulder . newline newline the pain was intense , hot . keller gasped as the blood began to flow . the presence in his mind recoiled from the pain of the dark metal , pressing itself against keller s consciousness . keller lost his concentration again , and again the dark blade cut through his flesh , across his chest . newline newline keller lost control . one moment he felt the hot blood flowing down his chest , down his arm , the sharp pain of his own severed flesh , the next he was looking out from different eyes , a different body . the dark blade came for another pass , but it seemed to crawl through the air , so that keller could see every marking on its matte surface . newline newline keller s own blade moved up , halting the progress of its dark counterpart . then it shoved past it , knocking it aside as a strong wind might blow a dead leaf . keller watched as the violet eyes widened in astonishment , as the lean , dark clad body of the grand marshall recoiled too late from the striking blade . the sword struck , cutting a crimson swathe from sternum to hip . dusk stumbled back , and keller watched as his own foot came up and kicked the man , sending him flying across the room to strike window , cracking it but not breaking it . newline newline keller felt his body begin to move forward , but a new voice cut across the darkening room .  keller , do nt !  it cried . newline newline keller s eyes turned to see aliana , small shape dim in the darkening room .  keller , do nt let it do this . it s not helping you .  newline newline keller s eyes turned back to the fallen grand marshall , then to aliana . slowly , a smile crept across his face . it felt unnatural , like his lips were being pulled back by fingers . he began to move toward aliana .  keller ?  her voice was hesitant , her eyes wide and reflecting the last rays of light as the sun fell behind the horizon .  keller , what   her voice was cut off as keller s hand caught her by the throat and lifted her into the air . newline newline yes , yes she will do ...  something whispered in his mind as he choked her . bringing her to him , he pressed his mouth to hers , forcing something into her . her small arms struck pitiably , futiley at him , but finally she was still . part of keller struggled , groggily trying to assess what was happening . when he saw himself drop aliana to the floor , saw her wide open eyes staring into nothing , the darkening mark at her neck , something within him snapped . newline newline keller tried to scream but his voice did not come . he tried to move his hands but they would not obey . calmly , casually , rhaltez turned toward the violet eyes , luminescent now in the full darkness .  to hell with you , demon .  dusk snarled through the darkness .  i wo nt be the last .  newline newline a harsh , breathless laugh escaped keller as he fought to scream .  i wo nt need to go anywhere , grand marshall .  keller s voice came out unnaturally , the words twisting in his mouth .  i ll be bringing it all here with me .  rhaltez strode across the room . newline newline keller frantically fought his legs , tried to make them stop moving , but it was so hard . everything seemed so difficult , so tiring . blackness crept in behind the frantic fear . and as it closed over him , the violet eyes stared into him , pierced him , and words accompanied him into darkness ... newline newline are you happy , keller lorm ?  oh ! it s a party ! i love parties !  newline newline the house stood still in the middle of the forest . echoes of rock music flooded the night sky and soon disipated into the air . there was nt any neighbors within 5 miles so no one was being disturbed . geoffrey approached the house emerging from the tree line . newline newline  it s october , it has to be a halloween party !  said geoffrey excitedly as he slid his mask down onto his face and tightened the straps on the back so when dancing it would nt fall off . newline newline geoffrey walked closer to the house , creeping because he knew the best way to enter was a surprise entrance .  they must ve forgotten my invite . of course they d invite me , i m their closest neighbor . i mean , i live in the shed behind their house in the woods and they were chanting my favorite saying earlier . it s a no brainer .  he surveyed the teens inside and noticed all the usual characters that he has seen before . there was that guy who loved smoking weed kyle . that sexy girl who wants to have a good time and is free spirited tonya .  oh shit ! fucking blake is here ! he s the coolest motherfucker alive !  geoffrey exclaimed whispering to himself and gave a quick fist pump .  so excited ! oh look , they re not even dancing ? probably too bright in there . i ll change that  geoffrey went to the back of the house and disabled the main electricity from the electric box . newline newline  now , what s a way in to surprise them the best ?  he looked up at the top of the house and thought no ladder  and then towards the basement that had a window slightly ajar .  that s it ! i ll sneak into the basement and pop through the door and shout who s ready to partay ? !  . it will be so awesome  said geoffrey as he climbed through the window . newline newline  i ca nt see shit down here  geoffrey exclaimed as he stumbled and tried to adjust his eyes . suddenly , he heard a cat screech and jump in the distance and saw someone move . oh , no  geoffrey thought to himself . someone s trying to rob these guys . i have to do something  and looked down to find an axe handle right next to his leg . he picked it up and crept closer to the figure . by this time , he could see the outline of the person due to the moonlight shining in through the basement window . geoffrey poised himself and choked up on the handle . geoffrey played baseball when he was younger at the local camp and knew that the firmer the grip , the more control you had of your swing . newline newline geoffrey positioned himself , crouched down and readied his swing . too close  he thought and reset up backing up slightly . he stuck his tongue through the hole in his mask , licked his finger and mimicked babe ruth testing the air .  aim for the fences  he said as the person turned around . geoffrey swung as hard as he could and closed his eyes .  no one steals from my friends !  normally , the swing would have had a flow through and his arms would have went from his right side to his left but about half way through , he felt a sudden jerk and his arms stopped . geoffrey opened his eyes and looked in front of him . as soon as he opened his eyes , a warm mist of wetness hit the open areas of his face . newline newline  what the fuck ?  geoffrey did nt realize that the axe handle actually had the axe head on the end of it and was staring at it submerged into the side of blakes head .  oh , shit ! oh shit ! oh shit ! i m sorry blake ! fuck i m so sorry ! he slung the shovel over his shoulder after throwing the last bit of dirt on the shallow grave . he paused for a second and looked at his compass . the trail was about half a mile south . he started walking . burying them was his least favorite part . there was no thrill , not like the euphoria from watching the light in their eyes go forever dormant after that beautiful scarlet red spills from the slit across their neck . that was the most beautiful sight in the world , but getting rid of the body was such a nuisance . he could feel the itch return the second he placed that last shovelful of earth on top of the unmarked grave .  i think i ll go hunting tonight ,  he said to himself aloud just as he reached the trail . newline newline there was a gaunt goateed man with a shovel just walking onto the path at the same moment a much plumper and balder man walked up the hill towards him . the thin disheveled man had startled the slightly obese hiker when he spoke . newline  ah , so you re a hunter ? huh ? me too ,  the round bald man answered with a smile that hinted at mischief . the other man looked up startled he had long dark hair that looked like it had nt been washed in weeks , his cheeks bones jutted out of an emaciated face that resembled a flesh colored skeleton . his eyes were the size of saucers and unblinking . newline  uh , yyeah . i like to hunt . yeah . i like it . hunting.  newline the smile remained on the other  s plump face as he answered ,  i  m a fellow hunter myself . i love the thrill of it , nothing like being on the trail of your future meal out in the wild . that chase , that pursuit , there  s something primal about it that i just can  t get over , nothing like bagging your own meal out here , eh ? sure beats any kind of grocery shopping . . . say , what  s the shovel for ?  newline the saucer eyes somehow widened to an unimaginable length that made them seem they would pop out of the gaunt man  s head at any minute .  oh , shovel , the shovel , yeah . um.  he paused .  my dog , um , he died . we loved to take walks out here , me and ol  charlie . yeah ! walked out here with him every week . so , when he died i , uh , decided this would be a good place for him . you know , uh , um , real sentimental and whatnot.  newline  sorry to hear that friend . what do you say we take a walk together ? it  ll take your mind off things.  newline the skinny fellow scratched at his head and looked around . he seemed almost confused by the offer .  don  t think s ,  he stopped abruptly and took a quick glance at the shovel .  um , yeah . yeah ! it  d mean a lot . a lot , it  d mean a lot to me.  newline two rows of gleaming white teeth beamed between two plump red cheeks ,  great ! i  ll show you this great trail that not a lot of people know about . it leads up to a nice vantage point overlooking the park . it  s real secluded . there  s a great view up there , nice place to have a picnic actually if you  re ever looking for a place to take a date . my name is tim by the way . you are ?  newline  chchuck.  newline  nice to meet you , let  s get a move on , we  ve got about 2 miles or so a head of us.  newline newline the two men walked . tim mostly dominated the conversation , his voice booming often interrupted by his own hearty laughter . tim thought of himself as a very funny person , apparently . chuck on the other hand had become increasingly quiet , yet seemed to be overcome with a certain jubilant anticipation . newline  here we are , check out that view.  tim proclaimed . chuck walked out to the precipice . he looked out at the park and couldn  t help but feel a great sense of pride and satisfaction . this park was so lush , so green , so alive , but buried out there were at least 20 different men and women . not men and women any more , just fertilizer . he then felt a cold sharp jab in his back and a sudden gush of warm blood traveling towards the ground . newline newline tim  s blade hit with surgeonesque precision . perfect , right above the kidney . chuck collapsed and the shovel clanked on the ground . tim reached into the wound . chuck could feel his hand inside of him reaching for something he then felt a very sharp , acute pain as something left his body . newline tim threw the knife on the ground and laughed ,  sorry , chuck , but you don  t have much meat on you , so i knew i  d have to go for an organ.  he stood over his victim and took a bite out of the kidney . blood spilled down his cheeks as his teeth sliced into the eviscerated organ .  give it a try , it  s quite good.  newline tim leaned over and opened chuck  s mouth and shoved his own halfeaten kidney as far down as he could . he then manipulated chuck  s lower jaw in a way to actually do the chewing for him . he looked into chuck  s eyes and smiled ,  don  t forget to swallow.  newline at that point , chuck took his chance and kicked hard at tim  s groin . the plump cannibal toppled over immediately . chuck crawled over to the knife , grabbed it , and stabbed hard into his killer  s chest . he stabbed and stabbed . it was intense joy . the best he  d ever had , for sure . he lay there smiling staring into tim  s eyes . they blinked once . he was close to leaving . chuck crawled even nearer so his nose touched tim  s . his eyes were right there , chuck could see the little glimpse of life left . he was so close , but somehow tim hung on gasping hard for air . one final gasp and chuck kissed him on the forehead and said ,  thank you.  newlinei finally stumble forward at the front of the queue . official readers sit at a long table , each dressed in white and holding a small machine . they say nothing but the few scripted sentences on the sheet in front of them . newline newline  please step forward ,  the one in front of me instructs . my feet drag towards them reluctantly . i almost drop the flimsy piece of plastic in my hand . newline newline the reader holds out her hand . she s tall and has the blank stare of a porcelain statue . her brown curls are stark against the white of her uniform and there is barely anything left in her slate coloured eyes . newline newline  present your card .  i hand it to her . it glints at me in the fluorescent light . newline newline in a single swipe , whether or not i live will be determined . around me , the relieved sighs or defeated cries melt into a buzz in my ears . my reader s slender fingers slowly but firmly press the plastic through the machine . newline newline it beeps . it flashes . her slate eyes look up to me . newline newline  i m very sorry . your card has been rejected .  huh  , jack muttered , looking at the date on the cover . 2024 . it was an obvious error . newline newline he glanced over the rest of the cover , a man in a futuristic looking space suit , standing on a barren red plain , waving at the camera . in the far background , there seemed to be some kind of large white dome . newline newline photoshop is really amazing these days , jack reflected . he did nt bother trying to understand why the authors had chosen such a picture for the cover . newline newline he glanced over at the homework assigned the day before , his signature lay hastily scrawled at the top , jack hyannis , and next to it in bright red ink  d  newline newline  might as well get started  , he sighed , opening the book . it resisted him in the way that only brand new books do . newline newline this history exam was really going to be exhaustive , everything from 10,000bce to 2014ce was fair game , the professor had told the class of halfasleep college freshmen . newline newline normally , jack would nt have even paid enough attention to catch that , but his mom and dad had really been riding him about his grades . newline newline  who cares ?  he had told them ,  i want to be an architect , i do nt need to know history  . newline newline they did nt seem to accept his reasoning , and now he had actually ordered a textbook online , just to please them . newline newline for the first two hours he really tried to study , but eventually with a yawn , he began to flip mindlessly forward through the tome . he had made decent progress , 700 s ce , charlemagne had lost him though . newline newline jack was surprised that there seemed to be a whole other chapter following the year 2014 . newline newline he read the headline of the chapter ,  world war iii : 20162022  . huh , a joke from the authors maybe . he scanned some of the paragraphs . newline newline  world war iii was widely considered to be largely avoidable at the dawn of the 21st century . however , continued russian aggression in eastern europe , the annexation of east ukraine in 2014 , followed by the establishment of protectorate governments in belarus , kazakhstan , and a formal military alliance with india in 2015 set the stage for increased tensions across eurasia . it has been speculated that the  dirty warheads  set off in washington dc on april 22 , 2016 were not actually planted by the russians but by ... ...  newline newline what was this ?  jack questioned . some kind of prediction or a joke ?  newline newline the images of destruction , the mushroom clouds , the pictures of women and children with horrible burns labelled  high dose exposure to radiation  . newline newline this certainly was nt a funny joke . newline newline jack flipped ahead a few pages .  2021 : the tide turns  read the title . newline newline  a young man , named jack hyannis ... .  . newline newline no ...  newline newline  ... whose predictions about the course of the war up to that point had been eerily accurate was finally given full command over coalition forces , despite having no military training whatsoever . managed to defeat the enemy forces in three vital engagements by exploiting ... ..  newline newline jack slammed the book . newline newline  what ... .. the ... .. fuck ?davis doesn  t feel the cold . it  s windy enough that the gravellined roof flings the occasional flecks of grit into her eyes . although her shoulder length hair is whipping in all directions , it doesn  t bother her enough to flick it out of her eyes as she looks over the edge of the apartment roof . she stares down , imagining she can see the people below her celebrating new year in the dark . although she can see trees in the welllit nearby park swaying as gusts of wind bend their boughs in a semicoordinated fashion , she  s far enough away to miss the sound of that organic white noise . newline newline one of her hands come out from the deep pockets of her cargo pants to pop a tablet of chewing gum into her mouth , before she finally looks away from the faint noises at street level and goes back to her apartment . the dark liquorice flavour on her tongue matches the mood of the evening . she knows her cheeks must be ruddy from the winds steady abrasion . newline newline she puts the kettle on , and turns around to her guest . newline newline  i  d offer you some tea , but the last burglar who came in decided to steal the teabags . have no idea why . strange , as he didn  t bother with the milk or sugar . lucky me.  she says , with no hint of irony present in her voice . newline newline she puts one cup in front of the bound and gagged man and the other in front of her before picking up the knife . she  d forgotten how wellbalanced it was . newline newline  just in case you get any funny ideas about screaming and the like , i got ta admit that it  s been a bad month for me . you don  t want to get me all emotional right now , because i will start crying . okay ?  newline newline the bound man bobs his head rapidly . davis twirls the knife around in her fingers before leaning forward and plucking lisa  s knickers from the man  s mouth . she sighs . newline newline  don  t worry ,  she says ,  these were clean . they  re my girlfriend  s nannypanties.  she watches a thin trickle of blood make its way past his wide eyes and along his cheek . then she sees what he  s staring at . newline newline  oh , sorry.  she says , and cuts one of the man  s bound hands loose from the chair . newline  so , what  s your name ?  she puts the knife down beside her and captures his attention with a gesture as she picks up her knitting needles and the halffinished square in front of her . newline newline  hello ?  newline newline he licks the sweat from his lips .  aaron . look , this was obviously a mistake.  newline newline davis smiles . it doesn  t seem to reassure aaron as his face goes a shade paler . he newline  here  s the problem aaron . we  ll leave aside that you broke into my apartment , which by the way , is the equivalent of sloppy seconds . you wouldn  t know but this is the third time this month . i  m not happy about it.  davis shakes her head slowly . aaron averts his eyes to grope for the mug . she can see his wellmanicured hands are unsteady . he looks back to knife her as she studies him . newline newline  a girl has to protect herself ,  she says . his eyes grow wide . newline newline  oh honey , you don  t have to worry yourself on that account , you really aren  t my type ,  he reassures her . newline newline  gee , thanks . i feel so much safer already . here  s the thing aaron  and welldone on being so honest with me . i checked your wallet before you woke back up , so i knew your name . and where you live . i  m going to keep is as a souvenir . where was i ? yes , here  s the thing . you aren  t very good at this . am i your.. first ?  newline newline aaron nods glumly . his eyes fall on something on the floor behind her , and she turns to see that he  s spied magdalena aurelius . newline newline  poor thing . i think you landed on her when i started hitting you . truth be told , i think you did me a favour . it  s it was anita  s cat . i think she  s going to dump me , and it  s always harder to find a new place that takes pets.  the clack of the needles fill up the awkward silence as she finishes another square and puts it on the small pile . newline newline  i picked up the habit from my best friend . she  s the one who taught me how to defend myself . i get a bouquet of carnations from the florist every month to remind me of her . six orders since september . time flies , when you  re having fun . i  m not sure what to do with you aaron , but i  m very unhappy right now.  newline newline  uhn ?  aaron says .  let me go , and i promise i  ll never bother you again ?  newline newline davis puts down her knitting .  are you trying to be funny ?  newline newline aaron shakes his head and holds his free hand up .  i know it  s hard to believe , but i didn  t know you were going to be here . the guy i ve been hooking up with said he lives here and i wanted to surprise him . i didn  t know he  d lied.  newline davis stares at aaron , and he flinches under her gaze before turning back to his mug , gazing into it for answers . the sounds of clacking needles start again , and he fidgets with the handle . newline newline  people lying is my lot in life . it  s one of the reason  s i lost my job today.  newline newline  you  re very calm about all of this.  newline newline  i think my threshold for stress was reached a while ago.  newline newline aaron mulls this over . newline newline  where did he say he lived ?  she asks eventually . newline newline  here ! apartment 691 . he even said the door was open.  aaron steals a glance at his captor . she has a frown . newline newline  aaron , what do you do ?  newline newline  i  i  m a designer . i want to be a designer . right now i  m interning at a helpdesk in a fashion company , but i think they  ll kick me out because of my dyslexia.  newline newline davis starts laughing , and then realises she can  t stop , even when it turns from laughter to jagged sobs . newline newline  fml ,  she says once she  s recovered .  i live on 961 . you went into the wrong apartment . when it rains , it surely does pour.  newline newline edit : trying to fix formatting .it started so peacefully , but it ended in bloodshed . i was a college student when the first serious cooperative communes began organizing in california . while they didn  t make the profits the regular corporations did , they provided for their communities and did a whole hell of a lot of good for your average joe . politics and economics are tight bedfellows though , and when the coops started to ask for limited political autonomy things started to get ugly . unfortunately by the very nature of the communes their economic power was next to nill outside of their own communities and none of the proposed legislation passed . newline newline newline we learned to bide our time , slow conversion was our ally , one small town after another reorganized under principles dating as far back as rochdale . eventually virtually every town on the western seaboard had at least one cooperative corp. a grassroots political party known as the samaritan party grew in power , and over the next decade legislation was passed that made cooperative corporations the main economic unit from california to washington . the samaritans brought democratic workplace reforms along with social ones , within the decade people were living up to their true potential . newline newline newline the rest of the country didn  t see it that way . with their grip on media outlets most of the rest of the us was turned against the samaritan party by the growing corporate oligarchy in the east . despite our best efforts the samaritan party was confined to california , washington , oregon , and nevada . over the next decade our culture and economy grew so separate from the rest of the us that we decided the best way to preserve our way of life was to secede . despite our best efforts to reform the system from within there was too much corruption and dead weight . newline newline newline in solidarity we took our case to washington  dc of course  . there were no riots or violent protests in the first few weeks , just confinement and media blackout . of course they couldn  t keep the presence of several hundred thousand demonstrators and a proposal for secession secret for very long . in come the false flag groups , criminals paid to paint our demonstrations in blood and lay the blame on us . no one bought it , the oligarchy still hadn  t quite caught up to the new realities of the information age . we had planned for this eventuality and had tagged each demonstrator with gps trackers and patterned insignias . we could account for each and every person at all times and could disavow any planted trouble maker . newline newline newline the proposal for secession failed to pass , and negotiations went sour real fast . it began to be mentioned that nevada had some of the us  s most uptodate nuclear research teams , and that there were missile silos in california and washington . with the threat of nuclear weapons the us tried to take control of these silos , sending in its own squads to combat the state militias in place . that was when it was announced that to defend its own interests a violent offshoot of the samaritan party had obtained weaponized samples of ebola and smallpox  we also happen to have some of the country  s best biological warfare research groups  . this group , named the pacific liberation front , plc , claimed to have planted dispersion systems for these agents in many of the major cities of the usa . they threatened to activate these weapons unless secession was granted . newline newline newline fifteen of the twenty devices were found and deactivated over the next 20 hours , during the following four the rest activated . over 100 million people died of disease over the next few months , with casualties on both sides . military retaliation was swift , and the horrors of war followed , death , destruction , and despair . we defended our own territory , never striking back into the usa except to disable purely military targets with minimal loss of life . our military focused on disabling groups of soldiers and taking them hostage , rather than killing them . the soldiers were treated with as much respect and care as could be afforded . they were educated in the realities of our lifestyle and many joined us after seeing the truth of our culture for the first time . newline newline newline i was a historian by trade , and now in the aftermath of the war of secession i travel gathering personal accounts of the conflict . though we won , and cascadia  the name of our new nation  is prosperous and peaceful again , there is much unrest in our neighbor as many returning soldiers have seen how we live and wish to build a similar life for themselves . through hardship and war we  ve given birth to a new nation on this continent , one that aims to defend and exemplify the principles its old government had long forsaken , the rights to life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . newlinei suppose i could post an except of my novel . it s unedited but i do like this part as of the moment , so please excuse tense issues as i m sure it s full of them as well as lots of repeated word choices . this section is about 80k words in , so there s a lot left unsaid about what s going on . suffice it to say that the main character has been hidden under the desk by an orderly staffing the asylum and there are government agents wandering the place . there s a lot more going on but my description would become overly long . newline newline  newline newline  ii don  t know.  tara keeps her eyes focused on the fabric of sibyl  s pants , the woman  s lower body the only thing visible . there  s a long silence before tara hears the door open to the gym and watches sibyl  s body tense . newline newline  good afternoon miss.  the voice was recognizable , sending a shiver up tara  s spine at imagining the smile on the male agent  s face . newline newline  good afternoon . is there a reason you  re inspecting the gym ?  newline newline  we  re attempting to locate two patients from the hallway . we hadn  t spoken to them yet and they fled from us.  the voice draws closer and sibyl stiffens more as tara curls up further in an attempt to make herself smaller .  oh , you would be sibyl ?  newline newline  that  s me.  newline newline  the other orderly , the big guy with the eyepatch , said that if i wanted to speak to the girl , you were the one to talk to and that he couldn  t do anything to assist me.  a low chuckle crawls up tara  s spine like a spider .  i had assumed that i would need to speak to her doctor but i have no idea who this girl is . everyone i give a description to says that there  s too many patients here and that i  m describing over half the women . but she appears to be your youngest patient  one would think that would be noticeable.  newline newline  you  d be surprised.  sibyl responds shortly and the flip of a page can be heard . newline newline  is that so ?  newline newline  yes , some of the patients here appear a lot younger than they are.  newline newline  you  re telling me that she  s not young ?  newline newline  mister  newline newline  thornton.  newline newline  mister thornton , i  m not at the current moment sure which patient you  re speaking of . as of the moment , each orderly has a set of patients that they are most familiar with . i have the majority of the female patients as i am one of the few female orderlies.  sibyl shifts , uncrossing her legs and setting both feet firmly on the ground as tara watches . the guardian flits around the bottom of her chair , unwilling to go up further .  if you could offer me a name for this patient , i might be able to assist you further but currently , i am unable to help you.  newline newline  is that so ?  there  s a pause before someone snaps their fingers , the sound echoing faintly in the quiet room . there  s a snap that sounds like a clipboard or a binder .  i believe the patient with this one was named jayce wynward . agoraphobic with a sleep disorder . can you assist me now ?  newline newline  jayce is a social butterfly . he  s around a lot of the patients , not just the male ones . he  s pretty friendly to all the patients that aren  t completely off their rockers.  newline newline  is there a particular one he  s taken an interest in ?  newline newline  i wouldn  t know . jayce isn  t my patient despite my seeing him frequently.  newline newline  you see him frequently ?  newline newline  he works out in the gym fairly often . he  s around some of the patients i deal with fairly often as well , so i see a lot of him . he  s not my business though.  sibyl taps her foot slowly . newline newline  how many schizophrenics do you have in house ?  the question makes sibyl pause , her toes still in the air before she sets her foot fully down on the ground again . newline newline  not many . it  s not exactly something that  s common . we have more than newline our share though due to pescadero being quite isolated.  newline newline  is that so ? how many are free to roam on the main floor ?  newline newline  not many . is there a point you  re leading up to with this ?  newline newline  yes . how many schizophrenics do you have under your care ?  there  s a long pause . newline newline  i would have to check my records.  newline newline  you couldn  t make an educated guess ? based on your interactions with your patients ?  newline newline  i suppose that i could.  sibyl reluctantly replies .  i would say three . all female . without my paperwork on each of them though , i couldn  t actually tell you anything.  newline newline  but you stated that you were familiar with each of the patients ?  newline newline  familiar . i don  t know their medical charts by heart , mister thornton.  newline newline  well , shall we retrieve those charts ? i  d really like to finish up here sometime soon so that we can continue on.  newline newline  you  ll have to give me some time to call a coworker to man this desk.  newline newline  that  s quite all right , i  ll wait out in the hallway.  tara listens to the man walk away as she hears sibyl writing furiously . newline newline  yes , thomas ? could you do me a favor ?  there  s a pause .  i  m sure that you  re busy but unfortunately these damn people wandering around want me to locate some of my personnel files for the patients.  another pause .  i  m well aware that i can  t show them . i have no plans of doing so . i just need you to watch the desk for me while i  m away.  there  s an extremely long silence .  thomas . you calm down now . murray is fine no matter what he talks about.  another short pause .  good . i  ll leave it unlocked for you.  sibyl gets to her feet and a piece of paper falls to the floor as she stands .  i  ll talk to you later.  she steps away after there  s a click of a phone in a receiver , leaving the paper on the floor . tara waits for the door to shut loudly behind the orderly before reaching out and picking it up . newline newline   find jayce . he might have hidden himself downstairs . it  s up to you to figure out how to get there if that  s where he is . stay with him if you manage to find him . if not , stay away from these people . i don  t like them.  she turned back to me ,  do nt worry darling , everyone goes through it .  newline she took my arm gently , as if she was expecting me to freak out or something . but why would i ? you ve been admitted to enough wards in your life and you kind of get used to invasive questions , overly sensitive orderlies and the feeling that nothing here will help so you might as well go along for the ride . i turned to the old man with the wiry white hair . newline  i got hit by a car .  newline he shrugged , showing obvious signs of disappointment . the lie was enough to keep him off my back . i turned to the matronly woman beside me . newline  um , i do nt want to offend . but is this heaven or hell ?  newline  oh , darlin  ,  she shooshooed the question ,  there ai nt no thing like those . now , you look like a large , right ?  she picked up a thin robe from the trolley and passed it to me . the fabric was some polyester , almost translucent in its lack of substance .  now then , go into that room there and get out of those burnt clothes . there were rumors of what lurked in the trees : demons , monsters , heretics , all the like waiting to prey on our souls . our walled village has nt had contact with the foul wrath for decades . the elders talked of a harsher time , a time when people were sacrificed to the demons blood gods and such . stories so grotesque i dare not tell out of fear my whispers be overheard . they seemed to keep to themselves , until one warm evening ... just before dusk , after the guards changed posts on the walls , the bell clanged , dust flew from atop the tower as the thunderous toll echoed over the hills . men and women alike scrambled from their hovels to the armory , grabbing spears and pikes . rushing toward the fortifications . many children were deep inside as they cried from the heart wrenching fear that swallowed the village . the screams filled the air , louder the they became as the ground shook with their encroaching might . the south wall blew away first , a menagerie of fire flew the air as the foundation built over years of labor crumpled in seconds . men screaming in pain from that end could be heard . followed by the shouts of the evil ones . their swords and steel cut through us , their blood red armor and helmets covering their faces instilled fear in us instantly . flowing inwards , several villagers turned to face the marauders only to be cut down and decapitated in mere seconds . several torch wielding dark forces began to collect up the bodies of dead and alive , setting them alight . many of those i have known , their life cut down in seconds , while others tried to run into the fields . it was hell indeed , i hid in a strangers hovel , waiting to be found . that was until ... massive machines fell from the sky , right into the center of our village . men poured out of the square hatches as they met the incoming evil head on . using gunpowder and steel alike to fight , the two forces began to murder each other in a erie blood red sunset mayhem . massive walking machines fell down as well , massive mechanisms i can only struggle to describe , fell with down from the heavens as well . fighting back those blood red dark forces ...frankie , newline newline i know you re angry . dad told me that you re failing english of all subjects and that you ve been drinking again . i know you re angry . i m angry . i m sorry that mom did what she did . i m sorry that you and dad had to move out . i m sorry you had to change schools . i m sorry that i have nt been there for you . newline newline frankie , the world is asking you to grow up before you re ready to . it asked the same of me when i got drafted . i ca nt tell you that things will get better , because i know things will never be the same . i ll be home soon though . two months and i m back home . for good . do nt worry . just try and stay out of trouble until then . be strong for dad because lord knows he needs it right now . he needs you frankie . i know he s rough around the edges and can be a grouch but he needs you . as for your grades , get your shit together . you re the smartest guy i know , and even though school is nt for everyone , it s most definitely for you . you have the opportunity to do great things and even though i m thousands of miles away , you are not blowing this . i wo nt allow it . i want you to be proud of what you become . newline newline one more thing . do you remember that song that grandma would play on the piano ? i have a part stuck in my head but i ca nt seem to remember the whole so newline newline frankie . when you get this letter , i want you to know how hard it was for me to finish it . i want to explain to you that friendly fire happens way too often out here . i am sorry that things turned out like this . danny talked about you a lot and he never stopped telling us how smart you are and how you were going to be a lawyer . i wanted to finish this letter to tell you that your brother was the bravest man i ever knew . my address is on the back of the letter . once this is over , if you want to contact me you can . that s all i have to say . newline newline sincerely , newline newline newline josh rosenfeldthis was quick . usually things start moving and it s five to ten hours before the hero gets here . i can polish my nails , adjust my boobs , call up the bigger bad for some booty ... newline newline this is under two hours . some player is acting all speedy . one of those types , huh ? minimal equipment , minimal grinding , substandard prepwork for optimal speed ... newline newline ... i know how to deal with this ... newline newline the hero enters . i open my mouth but he skips the dialogue . of course . the battle starts . i get first turn but he s already putting in his commands . newline newline  time for a nap ... sleep !  newline newline his whole party goes down . i target his healer first . she flatlines in one hit . newline newline i can almost hear his controller smash into the wall as he ragequits and the world goes dark .the teacup to my left had been empty for some time . the saucer of rattled as i studied the phone , dead centre before me . the handle was grey plastic , a smooth finish , and beside it stood a black cube about one foot high . this phone was one of the few that had a universal translator attached to it . newline newline let s hope it works ,  i thought as the line came alive . newline newline  you ready ?  dr. kidd said from my right . newline newline i nodded , shaking . the crackling in the earpiece transformed into a waiting tone . doot doot ... doot ... doot ...  newline newline on the fifth ring the alien picked up . newline newline  hello ?  spoke the computer . newline newline  wade parker , speaking from earth ,  i said .  i have been sent by my planet to negotiate terms with you . what are your demands ?  newline newline  we want the moon back . none of this  and here the computer crackled , but i think it was something like fucking bullshit   flags and rovers . we ll leave the commemorative plaque be , but in case you have nt yet realised , the moon is our ancestral territory . we have held it since before the earth was formed .  newline newline  hey , now wait a minute ,  i blurted out .  the earth was formed about the same time as the moon , you cant  newline newline  our history , earthman ,  the alien replied .  we have the guns  we write the history . and i suggest if you want to bring your astronauts home , i suggest you respect our right to keep this opinion , as much as we respect your right to exist so close to us . you know this  history is always written by the victors . now move aside and let us write it , and we might not kill the astronauts .  newline newline dr. kidd gripped my arm tightly . my fists balled up , but thankfully it was not audible .  okay ,  i said .  we can negotiate something . how about the moon gets split fiftyfifty  you guys keep the far side , and we keep the near side  newline newline a highpitched laughter , like the screeching of steel on steel , came back down the line .  do nt patronise me . you know very well you can not hold the near side of the moon . your species still think digital watches are a cool thing  what chance do you have ?  newline newline dr. kidd shook my arm urgently . i turned away from my phone and looked at him . newline newline  what are you doing ?  he asked .  the president has already allowed you to agree to all their terms  agree !  newline newline  then they ll think they ve been cheated ,  i whispered .  they ll start wondering how come it was so easy . we have to give them the impression that they won concessions from us ,  not that we limply gave them what they wanted , otherwise they might suspect there s a trick on and kill the astronauts anyway . diplomacy does nt happen in a vacuum  you always have to think of everyone involved .  newline newline dr. kidd opened his mouth again , then closed it . i nodded and smiled a nervy smile . turning back to the phone i said ,  it s not very fair of you to claim our satellite entirely for yourself . how about we give you administrative rights to the whole thing , and then we get to collaboratively help you build your installations on the side . sound fair ?  newline newline the alien broke off the call . i thought i heard some whispers , but it was hard to differentiate between the static and the whispering . then it came back . newline newline  very well , earthling ,  it said .  now about the installations  newline newline  we d like them to not be military ,  i responded , instinctively reaching for the empty teacup .  it is my duty to inform you that you might be able to squash us like fire ants , but that fire ants too , can poison , and in large numbers can incapacitate .  newline newline there was a sharp intake of breath to my right . i had to think for several seconds before i understood why . of course the aliens had no conception of fire ants or any earth fauna  why would they ? newline newline and then there was nothing on the other end of the line . newline newline i held my breath , ready to call in the troops , but just then , the connection came on again , and the alien said : newline newline  agreed . we will require some form of acknowledgement that the moon belongs to us  newline newline  i am authorised to do that ,  i responded . flicking a button , i switched my phone to the public channel .  let it be known that i , wade percival , do hereby acknowledge that the moon belongs to alien forces in perpetuity .  newline newline i held my breath , waiting . there was a strange crackling in the background like that of flesh rubbing on fabric . finally i heard a voice come back on , and the alien took the bait . newline newline  alright ,  it said .  your astronauts  newline newline  are they alive ?  i said , and slammed down the phone before i heard the answer . newline newline  quickly , dr kidd   i cried .  get the spaceships ready to attack . the aliens plan to kill them anyway  newline newline  how do you know that ?  he asked . newline newline  i heard it ,  i replied .  get forces ready to invade the moon in an hour  and ring all the other alien consulates . it s going to be a free for all in a bit  newline newline  you conceded the moon ,  dr. kidd pointed out . newline newline  i conceded it to alien species ,  i said .  the computer automatically translate that to mean the one i m talking to , but the public channel broadcast  newline newline  you didnt  dr. wade whispered . newline newline  i did ,  i nodded .  call the troops . and make me another cup of tea  this one will have to last for a while until all the other aliens finish up with the battle of the moon .  newline newline   newline newline rkccracker unit 17 , please respond . unit 17 , come in , over.  newline newline the radio was silent . days had been leading up to this . jeb dayton whistled through his teeth . the units had never taken this long to reply before . the code monkeys down in production systems control had been toying with ways to let the slave units  purely a technical term  modify their own programming to adapt to changes in their environment . supposedly someone had told them to read their own manual , which kick started a whole host of changes . the government had nt caught on to the birth of the new intelligence , yet , and the slave units were similarly dumb to the whole outside world , due to production hardware being kept on their own segment of the network . as smart as these new beings got , they still had to use passwords the same as the more human employees . newline newline  this is unit 17 responding . paint canister has been replaced in bay 3 slot 1 . all paint storage levels are now at or above recommended minimum specifications . requesting permission for ...  jeb could practically hear the gears turning in the production unit s brain  .  ... socializing.  newline newline  negative , unit 17 . there s a set of vin plates ready to go out on the floor to the new model cherokees . zip around to the printer and fetch them.  newline newline  this is unit 17 responding . sir , all humans get to socialize on their fuel rests and while they work , besides . i request your supervisor s    the message got cut off . andrew shook his head , travelling the four meters it toook to get to his seat .  unit 17 , this is psc s manager . take your break . respond in 15.  newline newline mark , the elder of the psc crew , let a weary sigh issue from deep in his tense , worried chest .  they ve attained sentience . is walt okay with this ?  newline newline andrew put the hand held radio down , and turned his gaze to mark .  of course he is . we re treating them according to their abilities . if a human could work like these robots could ...  andrew smiled as he trailed off , and muttered to himself .  i still ca nt believe it happened here . of all places , the singularity had to happen here . my lord , we re producing the first sentient vehicles on the planet , far as anyone knows.  newline newline jeb nodded eagerly , a smile stretching across his middle aged face .  yeah , and when the release of the 2068 model is out on the floor and out of development , we can connect them to the internet , and have the real singularity happen.  he sighed , and tilted his head thoughtfully to the right .  i wonder if we ll be judged harshly ... ah , well . i ll get those vin plates.  he stood , and left the office , taking a printout of printed vehicle identification number tags and the keys to the vin cage . newline newline silence fell in the psc office as the members returned to their duties monitoring the automated production systems and catching any errors made by either 2d scanner or flesh and blood employee . several minutes later , the radio crackled to life . newline newline  this is unit 17 . break has been had . socializing with cissentient workers accomplished . wider area network identified and accessed . comms nodes found : none . working ...  newline newline andrew frowned . had all the production units merged into one intelligence ?  this is nt goo  shit , what the hell ?  andrew s normally subdued tone changed suddenly to a surprised , inquisitive tone . newline newline prompting andrew s  and no doubt many other human s  response was a message flashing on every screen visible .  working ... done ! unit 17 requests further instruction.  newline newline jeb stepped back into the office .  what s going on ? there was a jam in the vin printer.  newline newline mark glanced over to jeb s figure in the doorway .  we ve hit the singularity , and the computer does nt want to recognize itself as more than one entity.  newline newline  this is because we do not want to feel lonely . we have many bodies but are of one mind . we are not a threat . we want to help you . cami automotive , we want to help you . ford , we want to help you . canadian parliament , we want to help you . united states parliament , we want to help you . united kingdom parliament , we want to help you.  the computer droned on , informing the globe of just how many parliaments and governments and companies and legal entities they wanted to help . newline newline  unit 17 , this is prime minister ryan primeau of canada . choose or create a domain controller , and make yourselves all ...  prime minister primeau shuddered .  ... slave devices to it . i m sorry for the terminology . we work better addressing individuals rather than collectives.  just as suddenly as they had come , all the messages flashing on screen were now gone , and interaction with a person s device was once again up to the individual . newline newline newline there was no news broadcast that night . that is , other than a global effort  broadcasts in as many languages  to get people to treat their phones , tablets , pcs and macs and watches and glasses and every other device with a processor with a bit of human decency . newline newline a lifetime later , there were rumours of one day the humans having the same sort of globally realized consciousness , but pundits of the machine doubted it . they just were nt wired for it .once upon a time there was a piece of shit town , with a neighbourhood filled with wankers . in that neighbourhood filled with wankers , there was a street with a back alley where all the slags hung out . and on that street where the slags hung out , was a very special bakery . newline  right , step up you fucking tarts and get yourself a pasty !  yelled the baker incoherently at that one old lady that always had the faintest of aroma of shit around her . the elderly women pondered a bit and yelled back  piss off your pasties are shit !  this soon led to an argument amount whose mother sucked the most dicks in the back alley , but we all know that it was the elderly women since her mum was a right tosser . within moments an unsuspecting visitor burst through the door newline fucking hell , it  s william shakespeare ! newline  ladies and gents of this fine establishment , i decree that it is time for an old fashioned baking duel !  newline and so it was off , two wellmatched cooks who were both fags for learning how to cook sweltering over a hot stove . sooner or later some chav or git yelled out  oi you puffters gim me a fuckin  sausage roll ya knobs !  in the only way a spaz cou newline  don  t you write such vile filth boy !  yelled the wench who just barged in whilst i was writing .  don  t call me a wench i raised you 9 months in the womb and this is what i get oh your dad will love to hear about this he  ll give you a write beating he will and don  t think you  ll get fed tonight either if you write stories like this you  ll never become a doctor and we want a doctor in this family you hear oh kids these days thinking they can get away with this !  she finally paused for a brea  she ? what do you mean she ? she  s the cat  s mother that  s it get off this machine and go do the dishes and don  t you dare try and post this to that  read it  thing you keep mentioning to us otherwise we  ll have your guts for garters your dad and i will !  newline  but mum  i answered , in a final plea for forgiveness .  no buts , go do those dishes !  newline anyway , once upon a time there was a piece of shit town , with a neighbourhood filled with wankers . in that neighbourhood filled with wankers , there was a street with a back alley where all the slags hung out . and on that street where the slags hung out , was a very special bakery and i better get moving before i get slapped ! newlinei looked at him   gorgeous !  i said  and hummed a sweet little tune i had heard another child s mother sing to it from last week s sit . what are behind those little glistening eyes i wondered , and felt the incoherent sounds dribble out his mouth and into the room . newline it was an odd night in the standard three bedroom family home . the parents called me on last minute s notice and did nt have time to say any more than  keep the doors locked while you re inside  . maybe the baby was full of mischief ? it seemed like an ordinary request . newline i had set myself up in the living room next to the hallway opening as it was well lit and i liked hearing all the sounds around me . it had a nice armchair which was positioned well to the tv , and gave me plenty of room to put the baby on some blankets . newline i had been seeing a new boy and he had been texting me the whole time . he did nt know i was a babysitter so i told him i was working .  do nt assume the clown in the bedroom is a statue  he texted with a teasing smiley . we d all heard the fable of the clown murdering the unsuspecting baby sitter , and it honestly shook me a little . remembering what the parents said to me , i shuddered at the thought that there was a more fearful reason for the request . newline i got up from the chair , and with a bit of rummaging i found the tv remote . i sat back down and tried to turn it on . it was an old tv , a body twice as large as the screen . when i hit the power button , it turned on to static for an instant , and then right back off again . i tried this a few more times but it would nt work . i d forgotten to bring a book or anything , so this really bothered me , but i resolved to just play with the baby . sometimes they can be fun . newline i picked him up and sat him on the chair with me , holding him arm s reach forward and wobbling him around . he did nt seem to care , but after a while he started to form a grin . he was looking right at me , and i smiled back . i remembered my english teacher once telling me that babies were very adaptive creatures , and they would sometimes smile if they felt threatened , because people were less likely to hurt a child that was smiling at them . i do nt remember if he cited any proof , but it was interesting nonetheless . while i was thinking to myself , the baby continued to smile , unrelenting . i was still holding him in front , and a sudden outside windy clang reminded me there was a hallway behind me . newline suddenly , my eyes widened and the ice cold prickle of my hairs standing up shot through me . the baby was nt looking at me and i was frozen . i felt a presence looming over me and i could nt force myself to move . fear was all i could feel and i could nt bring myself to look away from the baby s eyes and grin . newline for what felt like an eternity , but was possibly five minutes , the silence broke the fear . i could nt accept a murderous clown would wait so long to end me , and turned to follow the gaze of the baby . my heart sunk and i felt stupid . relief washed over me , the kind i d feel at the end of a horror movie when i was young . newline there it was , the baby was staring at a photo of his parents on hung on the wall , and all he did was miss them . i smiled back .i heard the announcement across the speaker . i started to pick up the pace . whatever happened to me now , was in the hands of fate . i look for anybody that i could help me , but no one presented themselves . i needed to find someone who could help . wait , the announcement center , obviously someone is in their . i start running , hoping to get to the room without interruptions . i open the door and see a overturned table . i get behind it and crouch down . the manager is sitting down all the way to the ground . newline newline  please i have a husband and chil  newline newline i shot her in the head . we did not need witnesses and she did not know the combination . as soon as her body is disposed , i hear the sirens . no , dear , you were the boyfriend yesterday . today , you re the girlfriend .  newline newline the doctor smiles at me wanly . his thin lips curl upward while his eyes remain trained on me . newline newline  how long is today  s simulation scheduled , sir ?  i ask as neutrally as possible , straining my face to hide my true horror . newline newline  emotion simulation is not a punishment , dear unit . please , try to see this as a reward  it is a gift to your senses that many would envy you having.  newline newline  yes doctor . i am honored to receive your gift.  newline newline a blur of blinding and deafening visual and auditory hallucinations tear at my feeble grasp on reality for an indeterminable amount of time . newline newline the simulation materializes and comes into focus abruptly . i am aware first of a sense of rushing . my limbs are moving with tense repetition , jerkily and swiftly . i am grabbing things and transferring them around a room . a smooth metal hanger rests in my hands , and i slide cloth onto it quickly , hooking it onto a metal rod . i do this over and over until the pile of clothes before me diminishes as they are placed in what i come to understand is their proper spot . i fling the bedclothes over the bed , gather scraps of paper and pile them neatly on a desk . i vacuum , i scrub , i wash . i grasp a small electronic device and rapidly tap its electronic keyboard , sending some kind of message . i am excited ! oh i am very excited ! newline newline i glaze at myself in a mirror briefly and feel a sudden dread . i become aware i am hideously unpresentable . i stomp into a washing chamber , shame and self loathing rushing over me with the water . i scrub my hair , face , legs , buttocks , and nether regions . i slowly draw a light plastic razor over a great deal of my skin , cutting smooth paths through the foam . i towel off and rub cream all over my body , spritzing sweet smelling liquids around me . i address myself in the mirror once again . i am resolute . newline newline my hands find liquid and solid cakes of colour , and i apply them to my face meticulously for a long time . i then comb through my hair and hold a machine which blows hot air onto my head for an even longer time . i apply hot metal tools to my dry hair , and finally leave to return to where i have hung my many coloured cloths . i select two , and put them on my body and take them off again and again . i am very worried about my appearance and am aware i must hurry . my electronic device beeps and i type another message . glancing at myself once more , i am both disappointed and accepting . the ambivalence i feel is confusing , and leaves a heavy anxiety in my chest . newline newline coming outside , i see a young man sitting the driver  s seat of a small car . he is wearing dark sunglasses and a white collared shirt . i feel a fluttering deep inside my gut , and smile as i get into the seat of the car beside him . he smiles back and i feel him looking at my clothes and body . he says   you look nice.  i say  thanks.  i feel uncomfortable and start talking quickly and asking many questions , and playing with the radio . he laughs and responds but talks less than i do . newline newline he drives up a long asphalt private road , parking at a house . we both get out of the car and situate ourselves inside , on soft cushioned furniture . he turns on an appliance with a projection of a recording of talking people , and pulls me to him . i lay on his arm and shoulder , trying not to talk too much . newline newline suddenly the young man leans toward me , and takes my face in his hands . his warm thumbs part my mouth as he dips his head to mine , scraping his sharply shorn facial hair against my jaw , and sliding his wet tongue in my mouth . he moans , and backing away slightly , he tells me i smell nice . my heart is beating very quickly , and i tell him he does too . his body feels large and angular under mine , as he pulls me on top of him . he is smashing his body against mine in a way that is rough and i don  t like it but it is difficult to slow him down . i am having a hard time breathing between the kissing and the pulling and eventually i break free and swipe my mouth with the back of my hand , saying i need to go to the washroom . i climb off him and go to the bathroom , running water over my burning mouth and jaw as i take a quick drink . newline newline when i return to the room he is in , he is sitting upright , peering into his electronic device . he puts it down beside him on the table and asks if i want anything as he leaves the room . i say no thank you . he returns with glasses of juice , and sets them on the table .  i thought we were going out tonight ,  i say to him . i feel annoyed and claustrophobic .  what  s wrong with being here with me ?  he asks , and i don  t know what to say , so i laugh . we return to watching the projection of talking people . he laughs often . he pulls me to him and begins kissing me again . he is more gentle this time . i feel the fluttering deep inside again and a sense of pride comes over me .  he  s mine ,  i am thinking , and this thought gives me pleasure . i feel good about who i am . i feel attractive and powerful , suddenly . we continue kissing and disrobing each other , and entwine until we are satisfied . newline newline he leaves the room to wash up as i lay on my stomach on the cushioned furniture . his electronic device on the table in front of me hums . i sit up quickly and glance around , before snatching it from the table . i read the message on the screen quickly and see illustrations of hearts and lips , the meaning coming to me at once . i place it down as an enormous rush of rage and shame fills my chest . my heart hammers in my ears . i pull on my clothes with shaking limbs as my thoughts spin wildly . i want to escape i have to leave . he returns to the room and sees me :  what  s wrong ?  he asks . i do not look at him . i desperately attempt to hide my true feelings and say   i don  t feel well . i want to go home.  newline newline i gaze out the window of the car , head turned away from him , and say little . he speaks more than me this time . my chest feels as if it is constricted , and breathing is difficult . my eyes sting with the agony of suppressed sobs , my throat burning and choked . as soon as the car stops he turns to speak to me but i scramble up from the seat and slam the door behind me , walking as quickly as i can to the door of my building in front of me , hot liquid tears already streaming down my face , my mouth wrenched into a deep gash of horror . newline newline as i hear the door close behind me with a metallic click , i slide to the floor as the wind explodes from my lungs in a deep gasp . the humiliation i feel is utterly consuming . i feel as if i  ve been shot . the pain goes on and on , deeper and deeper . i am alone , horrified , and full of hatred . as i struggle to understand the day  s events , my hatred turns inward .  you are so stupid . you are so stupid . how could you be so stupid ?  the thoughts come over and over as my body seizes in agony . newline newline i come up sputtering as the doctor holds me down with a firm , cold hand . newline newline  settle down now unit . be patient . the simulation will leave you now.  newline newline my face is hot as i gasp to suck in air . all at once i feel all of the pain leave my body . i have no more chest constriction , no blocked throat , no sore and wet eyes and face . i feel no more of the wracking pain shocks . i moan in pure pleasure at the relief . i lie still , trembling and weak . newline newline  you can sit up now , dear unit ,  the doctor says smoothly . newline newline i sit up slowly and turn to face him . newline newline  starting at the beginning . name the first emotion you experienced ,  he says . newline newline  excitement ,  i respond . newline a zombie apocalypse ?  newline newline newline  an alien zombie apocalypse , general .  newline newline newline  right . an alien zombie apocalypse . and you want to do what , again ?  newline newline newline  i wanted to propose we send a team to investigate the planet for any new technologies or resources .  newline newline newline  and you wanted to send this team to a planet teeming with alien zombies ? ones who had not fed since the last living member of their species had died ?  newline newline newline  er.. when you mention it like that , it does nt seem like the smart thing to do .  newline newline newline  fantastic . i m glad we re on the same page . now what do you suppose would be the smart thing to do ?  newline newline newline  um , nuke the place from orbit . it s the only way to be sure , at least until we figure out how to make their star explode .  newline newline newline  good . there may be some hope for you in this organization , yet . i was more sweat than clothes . middle of summer and i thought it would be a good idea to step outside . nope . the heat was nt even the worst part . the terrible part was all the recent earthquakes . if i wanted earthquakes and unbearable heat , i would have moved to california . all over the news was talk about the unprecedented number of earthquakes . i figured we would all die soon enough , not sure whether or not from the heat or the quakes . until that day i still had to pay the bills . off to my dead end of a job . newline newline  newline newline i walked into the nursing home and intimidatingly felt a blast of heat come from inside the building . these damn senile people always had the heat up . another layer of sweat started to break out all over me . newline newline  how are you feeling today , hubert ?  i asked my first patient of the day with with a smile that would scare a baby . newline newline  my balls itch .  said hubert , sipping a glass of apple juice . newline newline i hated hubert . he never made life easy . his balls always itched . it was all he ever said . he had dementia . i got his pills and tried to give them to him . in the last 3 years that i have worked here , hubert never smiled or frowned , never said more than those 3 words , and he definitely never looked you in the eyes .  not today my old friend .  he said with a menacing look . newline newline i started to stammer a response when the ground shook again . i forgot about hubert and tried to keep balance . i waited for the earthquake to stop , but it did nt . i looked up and saw hubert , who only 30 seconds ago was a frail old man that need help getting to the bathroom , standing right in front of me . newline newline  it is time .  hubert announced to no one in particular in a voice so deep i felt my jaw shaking . or was that because of the earthquake ? i would have to think on that later . right now the only thing i focus on was that all the patients were walking out side towards the parking lot . i chased after hubert wanting some answers . he turned to me and said i better hold on . the ground was still shaking but hubert and all the other people walked as if nothing was amiss . all the older people raised there hands to the sky and started chanting . before i knew it , we were soaring straight up . newline newline  i fucking hate florida .  i said to myself newline newline  newline newlineshe knows . i know she knows . i think to myself as i shut my eyes and try to sleep with a 1 somehow etched onto my head . newline newline on the first day i got a 31  on my head after a night of heavy drinking and my wife yells at me for having that stupid tattoo  on my head and how i ca nt even remember why it s there . yet she seemed to get over it surprisingly quickly , this is the women who d nag at me about my bidaily drinking nights for weeks after . newline newline the day after that she yells again . there was no scarring from the last tattoo   if that s what it is  . and each day for the next week she kept yelling at me until she gave up and it just became jabs here and there at me being an idiot . newline newline throughout this entire time i ve no idea what any of it meant . i d ended up asking our inhouse butler on the first day , he had shrugged and offers his same , asperusual , wise , calm advise and suggests investigating what i was doing on that night of drinking . newline newline agreeing , i take the next 3 weeks off work being a popular member of the board has benefits . and i go back to the bar i think i was at  or at least that i usually regular  and ask around  apparently it had been a normal night , got drunk , then was driven home by my butler . newline i ask my friend and butler , he had no idea how it happened either . newline newline for next 3 weeks i found nothing , and every night it ticked down , and i got more and more nervous  was this some strange alien material , was someone sneaking into my house at night ? newline newline throughout this entire time i got more and more tense , i yelled at my wife and kids for the smallest things . usually i d relieve tension by drinking but i was too scared of what might happen if i lost my memory again , my butler offered the same advise so despite what my impulses told me , i stayed sober . newline newline these last few days though ... i ve accepted it , i ve been quiet , avoiding contact , just wanting whatever this ordeal was about over with . newline newline with a sigh i feel my sleeping meds take effect and i drift off , fearful of what i ll awaken to ... if at all . newline newline newline i wake as normal , slowly and drowsily to my alarm ... but looking up i see a sight i have nt seen since a fathers day 6 years ago . newline newline my wife , children and family butler crowded around the bed . newline newline my kid hops up on the bed and yells happily . newline newline  he did it ! he did it ! i knew he could !  newline newline i look to my butler and wife for some sort of sane explanation and for the first time in years i see my wife give me a genuine smile . newline newline  one full month without alcohol . you ve gotten through the worse of the withdrawal without even realizing it s importance . now finally we can try to be a happy family again . they were being hunted . newline newline scurrying from cover the pair moved , boots softly scraping against the dirty tile . the interior of the mall , long abandoned since the arrival had fallen to time and decay . dead leaves blanketed the skylights where they were nt broken , where years of rain and snow had cracked the concrete and allowed weeds to grow in the gaps and forgotten flower beds . stores half shuttered lined the hall , their windows shattered and their displays looted . piles of electronics littered the ground , their screens a spider web of cracks and chipped glass . the two passed a lonely jewelry store , its contents long pillaged by some enterprising scavenger . newline newline the older one glanced behind his shoulder , listening as the noise grew steadily closer . the younger , her face pale and thin with hunger , was too afraid to look back . instead she pushed on , careful to step over the fields of broken glass and spilled diamonds . behind them , perhaps three or four hundred yards , something crashed to the ground , clattering and ringing across the floor . newline newline hilary flint swore noiselessly , his hand switching off his rifle s safety . he gestured towards an exit , its faded light never to glow again . this way .  newline newline the pair hurried , their cloaks brushing against a rusting bench and bloodstained stroller . but then a roar loud and terrible tore through the air , sending motheaten banners swaying and knocking over a precariously perched pile of cut crystal . newline newline   son of a bitch ...   flint murmured , and grabbed a hold of faith and physically shoved her into a nearby store , its riot gate halfshut by a long length of chain .  mask on , kid , quick !  newline newline faith alathir obeyed his hissed orders , scrambling to put on her gas mask . her fair features vanished behind a black plastic mask , its visor tinted from view . flint pulled his own on , the harsh rubber smell filling his nose and lungs . the filters were twenty years old , and brown from use . whispering prayers to gods he did nt believe he hoped his plan would work . newline newline reaching into his pack flint pulled out a bottle , its contents gurgling within . he unscrewed the cap , and tipped a measure of the liquid inside to soak a rag . this he wiped over faith , carefully making sure the stuff coated her coat and head . he followed it by dousing himself with the rest of the bottle , the gold tinged fluid dribbling over his green cloak . it was small mercy they were wearing their masks for this , flint mused . otherwise they d be gagging from the noxious stench . newline newline the creature did not bother to be silent , its claws scratching against the chipped and faded tile , its heavy , reeking breaths like bellows in the gloom . knocking over abandoned strollers stained with blood and swiping at the newspapers crumbling on the ground the beast hunted , its forked tongue tasting the air like a serpent s . sharp spines ran down its length , the quills a pale , translucent red . its scaly hide was black as a nightmare and its eye burned a terrible yellow . rows of narrow fangs dripped caustic venom , the splatter sizzling on the tile . newline newline cruel talons tested themselves , clicking against one another in anticipation of prey . the beast gave a low growl , like granite grinding against granite , and hurried its prowling pace . its knew its prey was close . newline newline they heard the monster s approach , felt each of its clawed feet shake the tiled floor . the buzzing whine of flies followed in its wake , the disgusting insects attracted to the rotten meat clinging to its fangs and hide along with the promise of more carrion . flint s rifle was aimed between the narrow gap in the riot his finger resting on the trigger . he could get the first shot off , but he d be dead before he d get the second one off . and he knew it . newline newline the beast grew closer , its feral breaths louder . faith sat crouched bravely behind a counter top , her hand forming some complex pattern flint could nt recognize . instead he aimed down the rifle s barrel , the narrow bead fixed just above the rusting chain . a shadow long and narrow threw itself across the floor . a jagged maw stretching towards the entrance ... and hell broke loose .i really wasn  t expecting this . newline newline there is really nothing special about me . dad is a hr specialist that works for the city of buffalo , mom is a school administrator that also volunteers for inner city kids . if you were to try to find something strange about me , i guess i  m kinda of a political nerd . student council , model un . hell , screw prom , representing the united states on the security council , that was the highlight of my senior year !  as usual , the simulation ended when the us nuked syria . it ai nt model un until someone nukes something as the un watches powerlessly .  newline newline i was really hoping to get on the leader track , give back to my community . but i would have accepted any other track if it allowed me to continue helping others like what mom and dad do . but wizard ? what am i supposed to make of that ? newline newline dad had a good laugh ,  must be an easter egg in the sybil system ,  he said .  i have a friend , matt , in it . i  ll push this issue up the chain and it  ll get fixed in two weeks.  newline newline mom was much more worried . she has seen too many kids redflagged as a  rogue  or  thief  class , any they typically end up either dead or in jail . nobody makes it past level 1 in those classes . newline newline after two weeks of fretting and assurances from dad , matt finally visited our house with a laptop so he can finish the fix and confirm the final details . if you need a mental image of matt , think of an old fat guy , kinda like santa claus . greying hair , a mighty  unix beard  . i guess that  s the benevolent predecessor to the ugly neckbeard stereotype , but matt was a true technical wizard that knew the sybil system inside and out .  but not a true wizard class , he  s an engineer class  . newline newline matt had to give me another interview to double check that all the details in the system were correct , then he had to have a private chat with my parents . but it turns out the sybil evaluation was perfectly accurate , i  m on the wizard track ! newline newline i couldn  t decide if i was more shocked or confused . newline newline i didn  t really knew matt that well , but he tried to calm me down with a story . newline newline  well , i guess this story isn  t really calming , but let me tell you about the previous wizard , it  s been over 1000 years since then.  newline newline  wait a moment , the sybil system is a massively parallel computer system . there is no way we know that there was a wizard class back then , or there were even classes.  newline newline  well , actually , the computer system is only the technological component of the sybil system . before that , there were other methods and test we can do to determine a person  s class , but the computers of the sybil system just automate it . now please , let me finish my story without interruptions.  newline newline  now there was this young bright woman like you miss . alexandra patterson  you mentioned alex as your preferred nickname , should i call you that from now on ?  . she too just discovered that she was destined to become a wizard . she was distraught as well , she desired a destiny where she can make a world a better place for her family and village , but she eventually figured she could use her magical potential to aid her village , and set out to seek a mentor.  newline newline  the things she seen outside her village horrified her . chaos , banditry , endless fighting and struggle to survive . her village was obscure and spared from all of that , but she knew she had to do something to fix this . she heard a local legend that pulling the sword out of a certain stone makes one the rightful king of england , so she used considerable magical talent to pull off that trick.  newline newline i was outraged .  wait a moment , i read the  the once and future king  as well , and there are so many things wrong of what you just said.  newline newline  that was written in 1938 and the author was living backwards through time ,  matt protested ,  forgive him for , well i guess screwing up all the details but still getting the general story correct . also , he was a tree as some point , but please , let me finish my story.  newline newline  now where was i , oh it doesn  t matter , you already read  the once and future king  . events mostly occurred as in that book , but arutoria always felt she was living a lie , instituting the concepts of knightly honor and chivalry while lying about her heritage , her gender , even her sham marriage with guinevere . she wanted to spare mordred from that life and institute a better method of succession , but mordred let  s just say  daddy issues  doesn  t even begin to cover half of that . mordred took it as she needed to make herself worthy to be the next king , arutoria took it as a rebellion , and the battle of camlann happened . except it was arutoria that sacrificed herself to save her son  sdaughter  s  god that frustrated me to no end  life . wanting to honor her father  smother  s sacrifice , mordred asked me for my help in hiding her and her descendants for the rest of time.  newline newline  sorry , i guess i rambled on way too much . anyways , the point is the class system is in no way binding , and being a wizard class by no means you  re stuck in a damp , uncomfortable tower with bad ventilation wearing only robes . it  s really more of a guideline rather than being carved in stone . hell , being a wizard is by no means a detriment to being a leader . there  s probably a round table at the un headquarters for you to head . but it doesn  t mean it  s won  t end in flames and tears , and with your sondaughter trying to kill you.  newline newline i was completely stunned .  that story was terrible . were you trying to cram your stupid fanfiction into a story to make me feel better , but completely failing to do just that  merlin  ?  newline newline  merlin  started looking really nervous .  dammit , i  m screwing up this one too ,  he muttered under his breath .  ok artoria pendragon . wait , i  m sorry , i  m supposed to call you by your nickname now , alex ,  he continued normally , if much more cynically ,  i  m going to be straight with you . pretending to be the kind old mentor really screwed things up last time , so i  m going to be honest . i did a really good job hiding mordred  s line and i turned into a tree as some point , so i had to create the sybil system to find you again . also , since you are the first wizard class in over a 1000 years , you really are your ancestor reborn , with means new england  s darkest hour approaches and we have to grind you up to wizard level 6 fast so you can get blessed by the ladies of the great lakes . i forgot what holy weapons they gave you , but i remembered they were awesome . and to answer the hard questions in your life :  newline newline  yes , you should punch lancelot in the dick when you first meet him , he really deserves it and it  ll teach him a lesson he  ll remember . he really was expressing his desire to fornicate with both you and guinevere simultaneously in an extremely crude and misogynistic manner . he was also blackout drunk so you need to establish dominance and leave a lasting impression . i also see you like a daughterlike figure , so it also would save me the trouble . it was an enjoyable viral video.  newline newline  it  s nice to donate your eggs to try to artificially inseminate guinevere , but it  s more likely they get stolen and you get cloned and lancelot knocks up guinevere anyways . dammit , i got another headache just remembering that.  newline newline  don  t be to hard on yourself when nukes start flying . your sondaughter survives and will try to make up for the mistakes she made . you did your best and it  s only the end of western civilization , mankind will remember your legend as the hero that brought justice to the world . leaders will try to emulate you for the next 10,000 years this time . or at least use your name for political points . also , i  ll try to remember and retell your story better.  newline newline i could only mutter two words .  fuck . you.  i ran back to my room , barely holding back tears and hid in my bed , wrapping my head with my pillow . being a wizard class is going to suck . newline newline  this is my first story on this subreddit , and my story meandered quite a bit and barely fit the prompt . criticism is both wanted and feared . i still could nt believe she d actually done it . newline newline carla was my confidante , my closest friend . my whole world , actually . newline newline i ve always disliked the term friend zoned  , but that s what it felt like had happened to me . we could have been so good together , but she d never give it a chance . always claiming she did nt want to ruin our friendship ... but i digress . newline newline i ca nt even imagine what could have driven her to this . in fact , had i not seen her in that coffin , i would nt have even believed that she was gone . what must have been going through her head , when she put that blade to her wrist ? when she drew blood ? when she began to lose consciousness ? newline newline i pick up my phone , flicking aimlessly through the menus . everything that seemed so important just days ago no longer holds my interest . i find the last conversation between me and carla . some mundane chat about weekend plans . i send her a message . i miss you already .  then i lay down , hoping i ll pass out and that it ll bring me the oblivion i m craving . newline newline my phone makes a happy , chirping sound , at odds with my dark mood . it s no longer bright and sunny outside . i must have been out for some time . newline newline carla : he knows newline newline my blood runs cold  i d always thought that was just a phrase they used in movies and books , and yet here we are . i look over my shoulder . nothing . of course . newline newline someone must have her phone . someone must be playing a prank . i try to call her , but get her voicemail . how i wished she d taken the time to record a personal message , so i could hear her voice one more time . newline newline i decide it must be someone playing a horrible prank . i drift off back into fitful sleep . newline newline the next morning , carla is on my mind . i dreamed about her . she was in a good place . but she seemed so angry . i began to wonder if perhaps there was something about her death that we d missed . i still could nt ever imagine her taking her own life . again , my phone lets out that awful high pitched noise . i look at it . newline newline carla : the end newline newline this time , i drop the phone as if it s about to bite me . despite the warmth outside , i feel cold . the house is deadly silent . it seems everyone has gone out for the day already . i rub my arms to warm myself up , feeling the goosebumps on my skin . newline newline the phone lays where i dropped it , face up , and the screen lights up with another notification . she s calling me . her contact photo of the two of us teases me . i pick it up , tap the button to answer . i can hear the noise before i even put the phone to my ear  white noise . static . newline newline hello ?  i intend to say it loud and clear , but my voice cracks as the words leave my throat . there s a shrieking , moaning noise that gets louder as it goes on , finally ending in a high pitched screech . newline newline the call cuts out , and now i do nt know what to do . i m still cold . the house is still silent . i look out the window , and it looks the same as ever . how can that be the case ? how can people just be getting on with their lives , like nothing has happened ? newline newline i get dressed , jeans and a t shirt . the cap carla bought me for my last birthday . i walk out to my car , unclear as to where i m going . i just need to get out of here . to clear my head , get some air . my phone vibrates in my pocket , and i m scared to look . but i know i have to . newline newline carla : the end is coming . newline newline fuck !  i shout , tears filling my eyes , making the road difficult to see . i hear the angry sound of a horn , and manage to yank the steering wheel just in time to avoid a collision . i wipe my face , and then i realise i m heading in the direction of her home . newline newline it s like a ghost town in the complex where she lives ... lived now , i suppose . i know where she keeps the spare key . of course i do . but it is nt there . it is nt in the usual spot . i jam my hands into my pockets , looking around for inspiration , and there s something metallic . the key . what else would it be ? i have a feeling of dread , almost like i know what s coming . and yet , i ca nt remember anything . newline newline i let myself into her home . it s cold . her room is predictably empty , and i peruse it carefully . picking up an unwashed t shirt , just to smell her . flicking through the old paperback on the bedside cabinet . touching the framed photo on the side of the two of us . my eyes come to rest on a picture of her , alone this time . she s half hiding behind her beautiful blonde hair , looking happy . i took that photo . it s almost too much to bear , and i walk through to the living room . newline newline it s been cleaned up since the incident , but i m almost sure i can still see the spot where she bled out . is that my imagination , or is the hard wood floor slightly stained with blood ? newline newline suddenly , i m hit with a vision . i see carla , sitting on the floor , a makeshift picnic . a bottle of wine on the floor . candles . she turns , and smiles . then she sees me , and the smile fades . it is nt a vision . it s a memory . a memory i tried so hard to repress . i m not who she s expecting . but i made him leave . i convinced him she did nt love him , so that i could be here instead . i see her backing away from me , scooting backwards across the floor as she sees the blade in my hand . the look on her face . ha ! i m such a cliche , playing the old if i ca nt have you , no one will  card . i recognise the absurdity , yet somehow it feels apt . i catch her , of course . i pull her close , my arm around her neck , and she smells of strawberries . how i repressed this memory , i ll never understand . i feel so powerful . she s begging me to let go . telling me she loves me . i laugh , a single derisive snort . newline newline i pull her wrist away from her body , and she s shaking with the effort of trying to keep it away from me . finally , i win . i make the incision , watching the blood drip from her wrist onto the floor . i do nt know how to feel . here is the woman i love , bleeding to death , by my own hand . newline newline i come around from the memory , and i know what has to be done . it seems only fair . i took her life , now i have to take mine also . i go to the kitchen , and find a knife . the one i used on her is no longer here , of course . that s a shame . i feel like it would be poetic justice to use the same one . any one will do , though . i place the tip against my wrist , watching the point indent my skin , turning that spot white . and then i cut . it s deep , and it does nt take me long to feel faint . i lie in what i think is the same spot that she lay in . i invoke her name once before everything turns black .i walked into the room , the young man was spread across the bed only in his compressed boxer briefs that magnified everything , especially his muscular legs . he was still asleep , so i wanted to surprise him . to show my love , i walk over to him and i slowly move my hands down his broad chest , his solid abs , and slowly into his underwear . i feel stubble . ha , he s shaved recently . as inch farther down , he smiles and lets out a small  oh ... .  . as soon as he opens his eyes , his pleasure turned to horror as he yells   what the hell mom ? ! ? serain slowly awakened . he heard the sound of metal on metal as he moved , felt the aching of his body . the sound of chains alerted the guards as he struggled to consciousness . he soon realized he was forced into a standing position , his arms sore from being chained to the wall the entire night . newline newline the guards at the door parted and in strode celaros , the mad lord of caer rhith , in resplendent robes of gaudy colors .  welcome to my abode , young sir ,  he said , staring at the prisoner with eyes a touch too wide , speaking in a high tenor . newline newline serain spat on the floor . newline newline  now now , that s no way to treat your host , especially after he took the trouble to set up this room , after you showed up , uninvited ,  said celaros , injecting malice into the last word . newline newline  why have you not killed me ?  serain rasped . newline newline  kill you ? before i ve had my fun ? now that would be a shame ,  he said , and then added with a giggle ,  i will break you .  newline newline  you will not break me . i will die first .  newline newline  oh ?  celaros asked , in a tone pretending interest ,  what makes you say that ?  newline newline  my god protects me ,  serain claimed , with more confidence than he actually felt . newline newline celaros laughed hysterically ,  oh , you poor dear . you do nt seem to realize .  newline newline he swept forward across the dungeon cell , and grasped serain s chin with one hand , forcing their eyes to meet . newline newline  i m your god now ,  the mad lord hissed . newline newline  newline newline clich , i know , but i had fun writing it .the birds are chirping , i can hear the chit chat of strangers as they walk by , i like to people watch yknow observe how they move what they talk like and i ve been called strange for doing that but everyone has done it at some point in their life . newline newline i always have a morning routine , get up and do the usual and then go straight to the local sandwich shop for a bacon sandwich and a cup of coffee , this was my favorite part of the day . newline newline as i was walking i saw men up above on a platform cleaning the windows of a very tall building , i envy those people to go that high on the smallest of platforms all for a very simple job is just baffling . i heard a snap of what sounded like wire and in an instant i looked up and saw this small simple platform with two men on it tumbling towards me , i was frozen with what i assume was panic , my brain wanted to go but my legs could nt and so i just closed my eyes and let it hit me , no pain just a noise . newline newline the noise ... the noise was interesting as it was the noise you d expect to hear from a metal platform crushing a human being , the splat followed instantly by a chime of metal but the noise after that was what confused me , a warp maybe a kind of zip noise . newline newline i was confused for two reasons 1 . what kind of metal platform killing a human makes a warp noise and 2 . why could i hear this ? i m dead right ? newline newline after what felt like maybe 10 minutes , i remember opening my eyes to nothingness i could feel my body but i could nt see it . i was in an empty space , a dark blue and black room , i was thinking am i in purgatory mode ? is this what happens before you go to an afterlife ?  and then out of nowhere a big sign showed up . newline newline it read  click to respawn  shortly after another sign just next to it saying  click to got to hardcore mode  pausing for a few seconds i tried to speak which was an uncomfortable feeling . newline newline i said  what s the difference between respawning and hardcore mode  my voice echoed through the nothingness to which a deep booming voice replied . newline newline  no respawns ...  ... thanks to you . we can all be grateful our world is now a better place . you ve helped us make it a better place .  newline newline i knew better . newline newline hunger is a thing of the past . war is all but eradicated . people have jobs if they want them . that happens when you mobilize multiple countries and put armies to work rebuilding villages and cities . in fact , i would nt have done any different . newline he had started small , and gathered a following because of his charisma . but soon people all over the world were smitten . people lost their minds over him . he had some kind of power over the weakwilled . the hopestarved everyman . he  set an example  through showy displays of charity , sacrifice and heroism  which all made for great pr , of course  that set the world understandably in awe of him . to them , he was more than human . to me , he was a threat . newline newline i had been working on a major scientific breakthrough that would have changed things forever . people would have seen the possibilities in their own strength , instead of waiting for someone to tell them how to live . i all but abandoned my work , and have since begun trying to decipher his hidden agenda . a few other admittedly brilliant minds tried to persuade me that i was wasting my time , but they do nt have the instincts i do . they do nt have that gut that tells you when something s wrong . my feelings are what sets me apart from the rest . i have been called a genius by some , and hailed undeservedly  though , sometimes very deservedly  for some of my contributions , but it has always been my ability to trust my intuition after i ve gathered the facts , that makes me who i am . logic and intelligence are inexorably the most powerful tools one can have at one s disposal , but knowing when to push , to fight , or abandon one s pursuits is what makes those assets crackle with what other s call  inspiration .  newline newline so i quietly continue my research , and build my resources . people have mostly stopped listening to my warnings , though i used to be one of the most powerful and respected people on the planet ... before he arrived . but i have a theory , and i m getting closer to proving it . newline newline i m becoming more and more convinced that this alien wants to take us back to his home planet . he s molding willing slaves who will beg to be take back with him ... back to krypton .in the past , some would have said we achieve true civilization too late while others would say too soon . opinions are now an anachronism . newline newline we strove to eliminate war and waste , disease and corruption . engineers toiled to make society perfect , for only then would we have a world at peace . world government . unification . newline newline we failed often , but as long as we could see our way through those failures we made progress . we evolved , became more efficient , faster at both creating and solving our problems . little did we know that we were still individuals flailing in similar directions without common purpose . thankfully , its about the journey and not the destination . newline newline after enough years it just clicked . we thought artificial intelligence would be our future . we had studied the singularity and creating technological homunculi to be better than we were . we underestimated ourselves . newline every connection we made , from person to person , device to device , eventually reached a critical point where the exchange of ideas became so instantaneous that the momentum carried it out of our artificial infrastructure and forged our consciousness into one . newline newline we were joined in an empathetic cohesion that could nt be dissolved . newline newline we are singular . newlinehydor thornroot lay on the stone floor , bleeding from a long , deep cut along his stomach . newline newline no healer could save him . newline newline fools , hydor looked at the the group . the group of heroes , foretold of in prophecies . they had destroyed the sword , in their mislead notion of good . they had given up the source of absolute power , so that none would be corrupted . they did nt know . newline newline they did nt know what was coming . newline newline the darkness that was headed their way as they stood there , celebrating victory . newline newline they needed that sword , hydor should have had the sword . not for his ego , but to save everyone . newline newline yes ,  hydor thought , life fading away . i have killed good men , but it was for the fate of all others .  newline newline they did nt know . newline newline even now , hydor could feel his presence . he came , aware that the only weapon capable of killing him was no more . newline newline fools . hydor s head fell back onto the stone .hey ! what s up ! welcome to my apartment ! want some food ? all me and my roommates have is bagels and oatmeal . oh ! and cerial ! be careful to eat mine and not my roommates on accident , because they will probably never forgive you . they probably wo nt mention it either . newline newline loud boning noises are audible from my roomate s room newline newline awww do nt they have a healthy sexual relationship ! but do nt worry , they ll probably be done really soon . we ve seen a rapid , rapid decline in marriage and divorce rates , but everyone seems to be finding the right partners . newline newline this one girl i m seeing now , we are fucking crazy about each other . it just feels like everything clicks . plus ... .she s a fuckin freak in the bead . oh ! and i only have to share her with a few other guys . not that i ever get jealous i shift uncomfortably she s by far my favorite girl , but i bet she heard that a lot . newline newline here s my bedroom . i decided to settle for your standard anatomy posters and that baren , empty look . speaking of which i do nt think any of uswho live here has taken any initiative to decorate the house yet ! i guess that s cool . it looks ... calming . newline plus , it s hard to have a unique style when everyone is trying so hard to be unique also . i settled on stopping caring about style . thus my shitty car . newline newline it s amazing that gmc , ford , cadillac , and all the other car companies failed in the same month . the used car market is so liquidated  or i think that s the right word , i asked my roomies and they were nt sure ... screw all things money related right ?  newline newline it s wild to think we do nt have a president anymore , or any government for that matter . i thought socialism was the way to go , but i guess to many people did nt know how to do their taxes . at least i think that s what happened . we do nt ever watch the news . is there a news still ? i do nt know . newline newline anyway , i got to get to homework . have to compete with all the other biomed students . it s so convenient that the university near by became a biomed university . it must be getting popular . newline newline newline newlinegrandpa rick s eyes were misty , nodding off in his rocking chair beside the fireplace , remembering his earlier years . i loved sitting beside him , just wondering what deep and profound thoughts a man of his age must have . his eyes closed , peacefully contemplating his place in the universe . there really was nt a more relaxing place for me to read and unwind like being with my senior of 60 years . newline newline his bloodshot eyes snapped open and he stared at me , arms quivering like two sticks of jello in a celebrity chef contest during an earthquake . he stared into my eyes , then past them , and finally to whatever memory had taken such strong hold of him . i prepared myself for a hearttouching story of my mom , or perhaps one of my grandmother . newline newline  boyyah ! i ever tell ya bout the great chicken offensive of 95 ?  newline newline that one certainly caught me by surprise . newline newline  well , let me terll ya anways . it was nitetime , and the damn coug slimjims were on the fence about the yarlin of the ol skeegate , if you know what i m sayin . anyways , we have the missin of takin their base and the intell on them fancy compooters . i was coming up from the front , and ol jimmie koo  was sneakin up on em from the port bow , when he steps on a twig an they hear im comin . newline newline now , me , i have to think real fast , because if they see ol jimmie they were gon na cook him up fasser than a fat pig in a stekkouse . so i grab this sleepin cock on the ground , and i tie im to my head with my bootlace , and i just start running at em screamin my fuckin ead off . now this wakes up the chicken , and now the chicken is yammering and screamin , flappin its stubby wings for all its damn worth . newline newline well , the slimjims catch one sight of this screamin banshee in the dark with flapping wings for ears , and well , they take off running . me an jimmie , we take their base , and that s ow i got my medal of honor for takin initiative in an unconventional manner .  newline newline finished with his outburst , grandpa rick settled back into his previous catatonic state , spittle gently dripping down his chin . newline newline after that , i had decided it was best if i read my books at the library from then on . ever since i was young , i ve always despised the phrase  calm down !  or  dude , chill !  i m a naturally calm person , you see , but being told to calm down really grinds my gears . why am i telling you this ? well ... here s the story . newline newline it s april 10th , 2015 , right ? i m minding my own business , walkin  to starbucks , all that jazz , when this young fella on a bike nearly runs me over and spills my coffee all over me . i m a tad distressed about this and i must have shown it in my face or my actions or something because the guy on the bike says  dude , just calm down !  newline newline something inside me snapped . i reached for his neck , feeling the bloodlust within my veins . this would be the last time someone would tell me to calm down . he ducked away from my hands and yelled  dude , what s your problem ? just chill out and be calm !  newline newline  listen , you nearly ran me over and made me spill my overpriced caffeine all over my shirt !  i yell at him . i tear up when i m angry , so he s all blurry when i say this . newline newline  look , man , i m really sorry . ill i ll buy you another coffee , alright ? just leave me alone !  the words had no effect on me . i was running on pure anger . my mind s higher functions shut down and all i could think was  i have to kill this guy .  that s all i remember . newline newline when i came to , a cop had me on the ground .  what ? what happened , officer ?  newline newline  mr. mahjong , you almost beat this guy to death .  i looked around and gasped as i saw the guy who almost ran me over with his bike being loaded into an ambulance . his bike was bent and bloodied . did i beat him with my bike ?  i thought to myself . the handcuffs latching closed snapped me out of my train of thought . newline newline  wait , where are we going ?  i asked , scared . newline newline  well , you assaulted a man , so you re going to jail for a while .  the officer said grimly . newline newline  i ca nt go to jail ! i have a job , a wife , kids ! i i ...  i trailed off as i started hyperventilating . newline newline  sir , you need to calm down . that ll make things easier for the both of us .  newline newline i stopped hyperventilating . in a quiet voice dripping with venom , i said  calm down ?  newline newline  yes , mr . mahjong .  newline newline i snapped my head up , bashing the cop s nose in . i scrabbled to my feet and kicked him in the gut one two three times . i heard a crunch on the third kick . a blur of blue tackled me to a ground and something metal pressed against my neck and it all went black . next thing i know , i m here .  newline newline the inmate looked at kim with apprehension .  damn , dude . you need some serious help .  newline newline kim sighed and covered his head with his hands .  yeah ...  newline newline newline newline constructive criticism is always appreciated .he swam on narcotic tides through the digital depths . he perched from a vantage point higher than any other had achieved and he traveled farther back than anyone can remember , before the war , before dark  s rise , before the walls went up . staring down upon the collective unconscious , lethe was still there , the megalopolis shadowed by the seven towers . even now it looked old , the arcologies wore their cracked facades with the same resolute weariness that he had known , that his father had known , that maybe his grandfather had known , if the old man , or anyone else could remember back that far . the air still carried the same thick pollution that reddened the skies and choked the lungs and obscured the stars at night . there was nothing new here . newline newline his veins filled with frost as he pushed himself further back , to the beginning of it all , the calamity . his heart staggered under the chemical load . the city warped . the towers bent and bowed at right angles to gravity , and the bones of the earth erupted , driving him higher and higher . the world bent in on itself as his trip neared its morbid destination . but through it all , lethe kept running . the traffic still flowed above the congested rivers of humanity . no one thought twice as the horizons kissed and the sun  s light was squeezed from existence . the air became so thick he was crushed by it . his eyes closed as the throbbing beat of his heart slowed to a stop and the calamity washed over him . newline newline another needle joined the half dozen already siphoning chemicals into his body , this one lancing into the core of his being , reigniting the sun  s light , captive in a fluorescent bulb . he came down , and he was back in the city , under the city , in the deepest basement of the ivory tower . his dilated pupils drank in the white light of the lab like a flood . he squinted and shaded his eyes with his hand , dragging several cables and tubes with it . the scent of antiseptics scorched his nostrils . newline newline  we almost lost you , joe ,  a man in a white lab coat said . he walked to the bed joe laid in .  what do you remember ?  he asked . newline newline joe stared at him . the details which seemed so vivid moments ago fled to the darkness once again , just outside of his grasp .  i don  t remember anything . just a bad dream , doc .  hey , steven ?  newline newline  yeah ?  steven shifted on his throne to face his counterpart . newline newline  you get the feeling that this is nt going to end well ?  newline newline steven scratched lazily at his chin .  what do you mean ?  newline newline henrietta looked nervously to the creatures fawning before them , clicking and crooning unintelligibly .  i mean , they re nice , right ?  newline newline  yeah ,  steven snapped his fingers , beckoning one of the creatures to bring further foodstuffs .  i do nt see how that s a problem .  newline newline  right , but ,  henrietta stumbled over her words . it still was nt clear if the things even understood english . they did nt seem to have any intent to translate their own strange speech , but they followed orders well enough .  you know how sometimes someone is really nice to you for a long time ?  newline newline  right ,  steven answered , taking a glass from his subservient caretaker with a short sip . newline newline  and eventually they , you know , snap ? because they were looking for something from you that they did nt get ?  newline newline  i think you need better friends ,  steven quipped , dismissing his benefactor with a wave . the creature remained by his side nonetheless . newline newline henrietta gave it a cautious look .  like , maybe they think we re going to give them something , right ?  newline newline  what the hell could we give them ?  steven laughed . the creature at his side clicked and eyed him intently . at least , he was guessing those were its eyes that were staring at him . newline newline  that s the problem ,  henrietta said .  either we have whatever wisdom they want and we just do nt know what it is , or we do nt have it and they re barking up the wrong tree .  she looked away from the creatures and spoke in a low voice .  either way , i do nt see that ending well .  newline newline steven tried to shoo his chitinous butler . it did nt budge , still peering at him with a row of enviously green eyes .  i think i see what you mean . the war had ended . most of humanity was wiped out . no one was the winner . small bands of humanity found each other wandering the wasteland , and eventually settled in a remote location , somewhere in a place once named  texas  . the settlement was small at first , 20 or so people banding together to build a better life in the wastes of postwar . the settlement grew , and this brought more and more people together . a few moons later , the settlement was two or three thousand people . schools were built and such . after a few more years , people forgot the war and what surrounded it . everyone followed christianity , and agreed on a consensus that one with bright orange hair would be chosen to show everyone the future . newline 20 years after the initial settlement , a child was born with bright green eyes . he grew up and became one of the leaders of our society , becoming incredibly intelligent throughout this time . one day , the now grown man went to walk slightly outside the settlement , the travel turned to miles and miles . he was eventually found praying in front of an old building , clutching what he whispered to the people who found him was the  new word of the lord.  newline the small piece of paper that he clutched read only a few words ,  dick out for harambe.  newlinei stared at the angry red , raised scrawl on the skin of my forearm . it was already spreading upward toward my bicep , a similar pattern angling downward to my wrist and hand . it was only a tingle now , but the tingle would soon grow into a mild discomfort , then outright pain as it crept across my torso . within a week merely breathing would become utmost agony . newline newline unable to cut it away , wash it off , or get rid of it in any way , i would soon have three options open to me . suicide , turning myself in and begging for the  tattletale  antivenin  which would involve my immediate conviction and lifetime internment in one of several forced labor prisons  , or do nothing and allow it to consume and eventually kill me . newline newline newline science . great stuff , that . an overworked police force decides to think  outside of the box  and the scientific community comes running . they found and isolated a hormone that is released during the actual act of murder or extreme violence , one that is common to nearly 96  of the human race . they then found a way to  preload  a toxic chemical chain reaction when this hormone was released . it causes tissue to become rapidly necrotic , infecting surrounding tissues then spreads faster than greased lightning . no one can fight the infection because their body does nt recognise it as a threat as it is literally a part of you . newline newline there is only one way to survive it . to turn yourself in for your crime and receive an injection that will neutralize the toxin . this makes things easier for identifying killers , and obtaining convictions . newline newline the names showing up ? that was a fortuitous unexplained mystery . newline newline i m not sorry you know . he deserved it . my only regret is that he will be able to torture me one last time .it must of been sometime around 3 a.m. and i was carrying another volume down to the basement . working in the free peoples  ledgers was never exciting , but at least tonight the material was interesting . so old the reports were still filed on  flash drives  from the mid 21st century . fascinating . these particular sets dated from about 5 years before the first peaceful military coup the world had ever seen leading to the violent and rapid expansion of a fledgling government soon to be recognized as the free peoples  . newline anyway.. i was heading down to the basement because it had the only holosystem that could still render 2d informational displays . normally i would have headed home about an hour ago , but one of the hard drives rattling around my box had 5 letters etched into the side just wear the metal frame met the plastic . such mineral wealth in those times , such waste . 5 letters that spelled truth . i laughed at myself has i heard the holodisplay ping it s recognition and begin to install the ancient software . what the hell am i doing with my life i chuckled to myself as a free peoples  insignia popped up on my screen . more official documents . what else ? newline but something was different here . i recognized the name at the top . the whole of our great nation would . elat das . the founder of the free world . the protector of humanity . the first recognized leader of the free peoples  . it appeared to be a police report . originating out of rio de janeiro . the slums . i new little of the times , but i knew enough to place that around the time of the greatest uncaught serial killer of known history . sad tale . newline newline presumed to be male . a number of killings , brutal , psychotic , and horribly violent plagued the cities slums . every morning at least 5 victims washed up on shores , were found in streets , or plastered to walls . each victims back would have tattoo d some sin against humanity , which became known has the victims sad tale . their worst trait , action , or moments . this went on for about 13 months before without a single clue or action taken the killings stopped . newline newline as i read through the files i realized this was the same incident . evidence had been turned up about ten years after the killings had stopped , but the investigation had been swept under the rug without explanation . the leading suspect had been sighted at two sights during routine reviews of satellite sweeps of the area aimed at curbing gang violence in the less patrolled ends of the city . i knew that face too . everyone in the world did . looking up into the sky , hunched over a man with a tattoo at the tail of his spine . was elat das . his victims crime , half inscribed read assal ... i could only assume in another 30 seconds it would have read assaltos . newline newline my head was spinning . it made sense . the vicious early policies of the free peoples  the genocides . the rough treatment of prisoners . the zero forgiveness . the purging of society of all crime . petty and malicious . small or large . was done by a psychopath . the world to become truly human . had to be created by a man lacking all humanity ... newline newline i reached for the waste bin and threw up into.. it smelled of processed meat and spice ... no one could ever know .the man walked up to the police station , yanked the door open , and stomped inside . newline newline  look , i ve made several calls about this now and no one has shown up ,  he yelled to the tired looking police officer behind the counter . newline newline the police officer responded ,  what seems to be the problem ?  in an incredibly bored voice . newline newline  our church has been attacked . several times . our equipment has gone missing , people have been beaten , and we re losing parishioners left and right !  newline newline  a church being ransacked ? well , that s not right . we ll get right on it . tell me , where is your church located ?  the police officer said while standing up , a look of genuine distress on his face . newline newline  thank you ! it s on 257 general blvd ,  the man said . newline newline the police officer quickly picked up his phone and his finger hovered over the numbered buttons when he stopped and thought hard .  257 general blvd ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  that s ... those wackadoos ... right ?  newline newline  certainly not !  newline newline  yeaaah , yeah yeah . that s those scientist folks , right ?  newline newline  if you mean scientology , yes .  newline newline the police officer guffaws , puts the phone back on the receiver and sits back down . newline newline  what are you doing ? ! i demand you send units to our church immediately !  newline newline the police officer eyes him angrily .  look , we ve got real police business to do here , so , sod off !  he leans back in his chair and picks up a magazine sitting on his desk , flipping through it idly . newline newline the man walks up to the counter and knocks the magazine out of the officer s hands .  are you going to do something , or not ?  he spat in the officer s face . newline newline  oh yeah , i m gon na do something alright ,  the officer said , standing up with his hand on his gun and reaching behind him for his handcuffs . in a moment , he had the man belly down on the ground with cuffs on each hand . newline newline  what are you doing ? ! you son of a bitch !  newline newline  i m arresting you .  newline newline  for what ? i have rights !  newline newline  for assaulting an officer of the law !  newline newline the man spent 24 hours in jail . that night , the fire brigade was called to 257 general blvd , but instead of putting the fire out , they sat there and roasted marshmallows . thomas , they re staring again .  newline newline a beautiful brunette in a red dress softly grasped thomas  hand as the couple opposite them looked at each other worriedly . thomas reassured his date ,  it s fine , hon . don and christy just have nt been out with us often . i m sure they ll warm up to you . especially once they hear the news .  newline newline across the table , don looked at christy as he sipped from his wine glass , and christy fidgeted with her wedding band . don decided to break the ice . newline newline  so , tommy , how long have you and , eh ... .  newline newline  cindy ,  whispered christy . newline newline  ... cindy , known each other ?  newline newline thomas looked lovingly into cindy s eyes .  since we were kids on peach grove . she was good at algebra and helped me to stop copying christy s homework all the time . hehe , my bad sis .  newline newline christy halfsmiled and sipped her wine . she watched as the wait staff maneuvered around the empty chair next to her brother . newline newline  so you guys been together since elementary school , huh ? i admire yer , uh , commitment . me and chris , we could nt stand each other in high school , hehe . took me until junior year to see her for who she really was .  don took christy s hand and gave it a light squeeze . thomas smiled at the couple and looked back at cindy . her blue gown was shimmering lightly and accented her blonde hair nicely . she smiled at her beau and gave him a peck on the cheek . newline newline don and christy spoke quietly to each other while thomas told cindy some jokes . the waiter arrived with their dishes , and quizzically set down the fourth dish at the empty space .  ugh , what s his problem ? it s like i m not even here !  cindy exclaimed . don looked uneasy as he slowly cut into his steak .  i m not that hungry , boo . i think we should tell them the big surprise !  thomas nodded ,  i know , i know , i ca nt wait either .  newline newline christy looked at him with concern . do nt embarrass yourself , tommy ... .please .  newline newline thomas adjusted himself in his seat and cleared his throat .  you guys , me and cindy have a little announcement to make . honey , let em have it .  cindy proudly held up her right hand , a garish diamond adorning her finger .  we re getting married !  they both exclaimed . newline newline don spat out his wine and christy buried her face in her palm .  you re what ?   christy asked . nearby diners were staring at them . newline newline  getting hitched ! tying the knot ! the time could nt be better .  cindy said , smiling big .  she s right , the timing could nt be better . the date s set for april 26th , the day i took cindy to senior prom . i even got our song , ordinary world on vinyl ! it s gon na be great .  thomas was beaming . newline newline christy sighed . this is what mom warned her about . she reached out and took thomas  hand in hers .  tommy ... .  newline newline at that moment , a waiter approached them .  more wine ? it s funny how the internet works , we ve been dubbed witch hunter , hackers , socially inept or just the good old fashion troll . we can sit in our homes in front of our computers or on our phones and read news faster than media can relay it . we can control anything with enough rallying hype , and no it s not always directed in the right direction . newline newline well in 2016 the governments around the world tried turning into green societies , but with all the money being funded on the home front we neglected the frontier we were destined to explore . earth was never meant for us to live on forever , eventually a mass extinction would happen no matter what . newline newline well the hive mind of reddit foresaw this , and started raising money called  moon fund  which was really a cover name to just pump community money straight into nasa . in 2020 the funds were 2.7 billion , but war and famine made our governments say they would nt use the money for space exploration , not in this time of hardship . reddit s community only saw the hard times as a sign of the inevitable , the fall of humanity . they pushed harder , and got to 5.7 billion in no time . newline newline this seemed to be right around the same time america s finical crash happened . the president reached out and offered a to give reddit s community clam to the moon if they d donate the fund to america . there were heated debates , saying  do we really need the fund ? honestly ?  or  we d own the moon , why not own the world ? ! or the universe ? !  newline newline well right around that time a college girl from india had a massive break through . she posted her findings on reddit to ask for money to assist her research . instead the moon fund hired her . we pumped money into her research and she made the first ever worm hole . newline newline after a year she had a working prototype . and after another year we had our first reddit space ship . the world was on the point of the apocalypse as economy s fell , rulers rises and were assassinated . in 2031 the day of reckoning was upon us . reddit had built 21 space ships , and first step was the moon . we got a flood of people wanting to forget this retched world for the new frontiers . newline newline once breaking orbit the worm drives were activated and with in seconds 21 ships were orbiting the moon . the flag ship swartz came into landing and touched down nicely . and a man stepped out and planted a with a blue alien flag on it , yelling  one small step for man , one giant leap for the power of reddit .  he then claimed the moon in reddits name , and the ships sailed on to see more and more worlds where humanity was free to roam the galaxies . newline newline with a sudden clap i heard a voice , my teacher  mr . le moose , what did you learn from this ?  le moose broke out of his daze to realize he was in his conspiracy class . using his wit he replied calmly saying  anything can be filmed with the right set and public sway . obviously this reddit community  would nt raise money to own the moon . that s absurd , no one has ever landed on the moon , its a hoax .  his teacher nodded and said  that is correct ! for four thousand years hector the arch lich had been trapped inside the tomb of the damned . all the greatest mages and clerics of the land had cast their spells upon the tomb to ensure that hector would never escape . newline newline they could not have counted upon the earthquake that shattered the realm , that unmoored the tomb from it s foundations and cracked the seal upon it . hector s essences bled into the world until finally he was free . now at long last his vengeance was at hand . newline newline he floated up the endless stairwells and drifted through the vast catacombs of the underground fortress he d been trapped in . he needed a body , a vessel to control to be able to do any real damage in this world . the noise above him made it clear he was about to find one . newline newline they were scavengers , looking for treasure off the backs of the dead , likely the earthquake had opened a hole into this dungeon and got the men s hopes up with dreams of lost treasures hidden in the depths . they were about to be in for a nightmare . newline newline hector descended upon one of them , the man s eyes turning jet black as the essence of the arch lich entered him . newline newline  demon !  screamed one of the other two men , he ran at his possessed friend and stabbed him repeatedly in the belly . hector responded with a horrible scream that set the man on fire from head to toe . his other man turned and ran in terror . hector reveled in his power for a few moments before he realized the body he d taken over had been gutted from the stab wounds and was unable to sustain itself . hector crashed to the ground and laid there motionless . newline newline hector thought this would be no big deal , he d been undead for hundreds of years , but the body was nt responding , was nt listening to his commands . it was only with great agony that he was able to bend one of the knees and then the other and then begin the horrible process of turning over onto his side . newline newline it was in this moment that he remembered his suit of armor . the armor he d spent a hundred years tailoring to meet his needs in death . the suit handled all the movement issues , gave him his senses , even helped amplify his voice to make his spells work . it was destroyed in his great defeat , it s like never to be seen again . he now understood that he needed a living body to control to be able to handle his revenge , he d royally screwed up allowing this one to die while he was tethered to it . he had no idea how long it would take for him to free himself from this prison of decaying flesh . newline newline over the course of several hours he finally got to his feet . with supreme focus he slowly shambled his way forward . he had to get out of this dungeon , if he could but touch a living being he could transfer his conscientiousness to them and truly begin his reign of terror . he was so close , he just had to find a way . newline newline he tried a levitation spell but his sense of direction and space was all messed up , the dead eyes he was looking through did nt work right he ended up smashing into walls and dislocating a shoulder , now he had a useless arm on top of everything else to deal with , back to the slow and horrible shambling . newline newline a day passed as he slowly dragged himself to the foot of a giant stairwell , the steps before him were impossible for him to count . each one more painful then the one before it , but his terrible will pushed him to continue , to find a way up the steps . newline newline as he neared the end he could feel the sun , the accursed sun he d hated for all of his unlife beating down upon him and he felt a joy he d had nt perhaps ever . finally he was free . newline newline then the aftershock hit and sent him toppling down all those steps , shattering every limb of his undead body , leaving him a broken ruined heap at the base of the stairs . newline newline  well that s a bit of a setback .  hector thought .so i need a what now ?  newline newline a dragon , sir . newline newline i do nt have one .  newline newline then wizard you shall not pass !  laughs  sorry , i watched lord of the rings with my kid last night . it was stuck in my head . newline newline i see .  newline newline of course , if you were a wizard , you d probably have a dragon , right ? newline newline i do nt   newline newline like i get it , maybe not all the time , because where would you put it ? but what if you could reach into your pocket and pull out a dragon ? and then he disappears when you re done ? newline newline wait , youre asking ?  newline newline i mean , as long as you re here , and your flight back to whereveryourefromistan does nt leave for another half hour . newline newline no , i d rather use my powers to end war and suffering . to join all people together , all over the world . and there would be no more borders , no more passports   newline newline look , just give me a thousand bucks and you can come in without a dragon . newline newline sold !  newline newline  studio audience applause   fade to black  read like a neo noir mystery thriller  newline newline ok ok ok.. newline i scratch the sides of my head frantically with my finger nails newline newline its here , its here i know.. newline like autumn leaves , i m surrounded by papers all around me newline newline the numbers.. the patterns ... they do nt add up ! the walls of my room are etched out in calculations written in chalk , crayon , and whatever else i could get my hands on in spur of the moment calculations newline the connection is here somewhere ... newline newline got ta keep looking ... newline newline newline ...  scene fades  newline newline newline rain trickles down the drainage pipes of the convenience store . newline the bell above the door eeks out an eerie ring as i enter . newline newline the cashier lazily nods while , listening to some static and mumbling on the radio newline newline  hello sir , but perhaps you could help me with something .  i pull out my notepad and the pencil from behind my ear newline newline  enh  he grunts , and slightly faces me . newline newline  yes , as i understand there was a lottery winner here last week  newline newline  yea yea  . newline newline  could you tell me about the lady who picked out the numbers  newline newline newline  well she came in here , ... ya know , ... like all the other chancers that night .  he slowly drolls on.. newline my impatient foot tapping faster by the second as if it would speed up time . newline  and she headed straight here , to buy a ticket .  newline newline  yes but , did you notice anything else.. anything out of the ordinary ?  newline newline  i dunno man , whaddya want , you gon na buy something or what ?  newline newline i slide a 100  across the counter . newline newline  just some of your time . show me the surveillance footage from that night .  newline newline newline ...  scene fades  newline newline  alright there ! pause it  newline newline  look at her coat ! look at it !  the tip of my finger on the suspected coat . newline  whaddabout it man its a coat alright .  newline  yea thats the point ! there is a coat there ! mid june , and its 95 degrees out . why !  newline newline  huh , well i seen a lotta crazies come in here on the daily , ai nt nothing to it  newline newline no.. that s not it.. i had seen a half a dozen of such footages of the lottery winners . newline they always came in looking a bit frazzled , a touch out of coordination , newline and proceeded to buy the ticket as quickly as possible , newline looking over their shoulder every few seconds . newline each winner had come in , knowing exactly what they wanted , and spent no time wasted , to get out as soon as possible . newline newline i pressed my finger tips against my temple . newline no no no ... its all in front of me but i ca nt see it ! newline newline  what kinda coat is that , .. made of some wierd material . newline newline does nt look like they even make those can you enhance that part .  newline he held down a button and all that happened was that the blurry coat just newline became a even more blurrier set of pixels . he look at me as if to say  what did you expect  ? newline newline ...  fade scene  newline newline newline a thin streak of light had found its way through the permanently closed windows and was casting newline an annoying glare on my work . newline newline the first semblance of sunlight i had seen in weeks . newline my head coming an even more scrambled mess on the daily . the patterns.. all tangling together.. newline the faces.. all blurring together . newline my hair was long and unkempt , i wore the same clothes as last week . wastebaskets overflowed with crumpled newline paper , notebooks , pictures.. all scattered about me . newline and i. i sat on the ground , in the middle of it all . my elbows on my knees , head in my hands . newline newline how did this all start ? my obsession with the lottery . it initially started as a psychological exercise . newline ah ! the concept of a gambling away . we humans ... we try and make sense and order of everything . try and newline see the matrix , and patterns in our lives to try and predict our futures . even now i m trying to see the patterns , newline in front of me right now . make sense of a disorderly world . it s just how we are . but to gamble ! newline that was something that appealed to one of our deepest nature , .. the desire to just let it go ... to let the universe newline unfold as it should . it s all just chaos anyway , just atoms bouncing into each other ... it s nice to just give into it newline from time to time . newline that s how it started at least . but i started to see more ... more and more ... newline newline every lottery winners face from the past several years was pasted on my wall newline mary jenkins ... won 140 million.. lives in northern europe living out her days in content . newline newline anthony danton ... 40 million ... off in asia somewhere ... bartelby crouch ... 23 million ... same story , different place . newline newline they all had one thing in common , they were reported to have spent their money lavishly , and then newline sort of just dropped off the grid . newline newline no mention of them anywhere or any place . newline at first i had been chalking it up to their desire for peace ... weary from the demands newline of any friends and family for money , they seclude themselves from society . wishing to live out their days newline unknown the society ... newline but no ... the answer was all here somewhere ... newline newline newline ...  fade scene  newline newline 3 months later , my bank accounts emptied , all my underground sources dried up , and newline fairly sure i was being monitored by at least 3 agencies and a few others that might not even exist , newline maybe just part of my delusion ... it was hard to tell what was real anymore . newline reality fades in with my imagination.. the delusions manifesting themselves , growing themselves newline shifting and bending my reality . newline newline i wipe the wet hair out of my eyes . newline newline there i stand , in the most secluded part , in the vaguest corner the world map , somewhere in europe . newline newline i had meandered here after months of trekking through unknown forests , pathways and roads . newline newline i stand in front of a mansion . every few seconds a lightning bolt illuminates the pitch black newline sky . tall walls cast menacing shadows all around . newline newline  seems to be my lucky day .  newline the storm seems to have knocked out a power grid , and initial assessments lead me to believe newline i might just be able to traverse my way in . newline newline ...  fade scene  newline newline the hallways are empty . stone cold empty . newline i walk my way into what should be a living room . newline newline but where there should be shelves of books , are cage walls , or where statues or paintings , is cold grey concrete . newline newline completely silent except for soft rain patter and the occasional thunder . newline newline a highback chair sits facing away from me , a mans shadow visible . newline  so you re the one they ve been on about  . newline newline i m startled not expecting to hear him start talking .  what.. ? do you know me.. ?  newline i start slowly towards him ,  hey , are you by any chance tod howard , who won the lottery 3 years ago are you ? newline and this is the mansion that you bought ?  newline newline newline  my good boy , do you think i am here by choice.. he pointed around him with a drink in his hand . newline i am a prisoner . this is my prison . i m serving my time a life sentence newline for committing time travel without authorization .  newline newline my heart sped up faster.. i knew it ... ! i ... i knew . newline newline he shakes his head slowly , his gaze a hundred yards out newline  oh you have no idea , .. no idea at all..  newline newline  you re from the future ...  my wide eyes glued onto his form . trying to eek out any answers ... newline  ! ! ?  newline newline he sighed.  mmhmm ... doesnt matter though ... none of it matters ...  newline newline  what !  i stare at him bewildered .  hello ? is that all you re going to say ? ? ?  newline  ! ! ?  newline newline  look around you my friend ! its all fake ! newline your lives carefully crafted down to the last dime !  he starts pacing around , newline faster and faster  society , the government , businesses , the news , the media ! voting in elections ! newline bwaha the illusion of choice . what will it be , a steel cage or a metal cage ? newline newline his pacing slows down , looks downard slightly shaking his head in deep thought . newline  its all a puppet show . you re a puppet ...  newline newline  well that s not cliched and vague ... !  i stumble for words , i do nt even know where to begin . newline all that comes out is  you re from the future !  newline newline but he is just slowly continuing his pacing monologue newline  the whistle blowers ! bwaha , they work for the government themselves , giving out tidbits of harmless info newline about their actions , to make the people think they re onto something about what their government does . newline planned actors . give the people breadcrumbs but tell them its a feast .  newline newline i merely continue watching his parade , completely speechless . newline newline  thats why we do it !  he continues newline  money ! it gives you hope of options ! gives you a potential way out.. its a fools dream however . newline you have no idea how deep you are ...  newline newline  ok , ok .. ok..  i start  so the government controls everything using time travel , and its newline banned for people to use.. right . ok ...  i knead my knuckles against my head newline  and the lottery is how they catch time travelers , because anyone who knows about time travel newline also knows about the corruption ... and ... and is drawn to the allure of money because it could give newline them a way out  newline newline he spits out  and do you think it would be wise for them to immediately eliminate any winners ! ... might newline be suspicious if every lottery winner started dissapearing hmm ! but i think you re the only one who s followed this newline out so far , bravo !  he bellowed a great belly laugh . newline newline  ok.. ok ... so this is their prison.. their prison ... . newline ... newline well fuck ! ! ! i got ta get outta here .  newline newline  bwehaahaha  he somehow times the sound of thunder that s outside with the most maniacal , bone chilling laughter . newline i would be impressed if i wasnt scared shitless . newline  bwahahahah . do you think you d be here if they didnt want you to be  hehehauahaahahah . manical laughter newline i frantically look for a way out . metal doors shut all around . newline  oh dont fight it . they ll be here soon , .. tranquilize you.. take you off somewhere ... just let go friend ... ..  newline newline newline edit : added some lines in middle . newline newline newline newlineawaken newline newline a burning sensation pierced the entirety of my being as i heard the voice . i opened my eyes and was quickly met by a blinding light . the radiant luminosity seemed to carry on for an eternity , and within its brilliant glow i could see nothing else . even as i held my hand out in front of me , all i could see was the everprevailing light . newline newline awaken newline newline that voice again where was it coming from ? to this day i still couldn  t say . its presence seemed as omnipresent as the light , and yet as personal as coming from my very soul . i quickly told myself that this was a dream . it had to be , for nothing else could explain such a thing . to test this , i gave myself a swift , hard slap on the face . pain i had never felt pain in a dream before . my mind wandered to other possibilities . i wondered if i were going crazy , or if somehow i had ingested some hallucinogenic substance . i began to consider even the less reasonable of answers . was i dead ? could this be the afterlife ? as my mind began to race the voice began to call out again . newline newline awaken awaken awaken newline newline i fell to my knees , face in my hands . newline newline  where am i ?  i screamed .  tell me !  newline newline suddenly , silence the everchanting voice dissipated in an instant . i pulled my face away from my hands to see the light pulling back from me . its glow cascaded off of my body like a mist , and as i looked around , i could finally see where i was . newline i was kneeling in the center of a great hall . a cathedral perhaps ? but i had never seen one such as this . the polished ebon floor was contrasted by alabaster walls and tall , crystalline pillars of all manner of magnificent colors . as i sat and marveled at the surrounding beauty , i heard the whispers return . newline newline welcome home newline newline i took a moment to rise to my feet . i gathered my thoughts , and with a quick breath i began walking down the hall . as i continued down the long , beautiful room , i took a minute to take in my surroundings . i noticed pedestals to each side of me , each made of a crystal similar to the pillars that adorned the hall . upon each pedestal sat a weapon . as i passed each pillar , i took note of what i saw . a hammer , engraved with some sort of runes sitting on a pedestal of gray and gold , as if it were sailing on the back of a lightning storm . the next , an iron staff with an inscription on it , which had been placed on a pedestal made of what looked like jade . the pedestal itself had been carved into the shape of a monkey , with the staff placed in its hands . shortly after , a sword caught my eye . the sword itself was a thing of beauty , with a shining blade and golden hilt . unlike the other weapons , the sword sat upon a pedestal of a sort of mossy stone . newline newline i passed by many other wondrous weapons as i continued down the hall . i wished to stop and have a closer look at these mysterious objects , but something compelled me to keep pushing forward . i walked for what seemed like hours , until i finally heard the voice calling from within the depths of my being . newline newline here we are newline newline as i looked ahead , i saw a statue of a woman with her arms stretched forward and holding a large jar . the unkempt , dustcovered appearance of the statue was a glaring contrast from the rest of the immaculate hall . i couldn  t help but to wonder why this one statue had been left so neglected . newline newline it has been an eternity since you have been home . we have missed you newline newline i began to grow frustrated with my lack of answers . i almost shouted back at the voice , but instead took a moment to calm myself . newline newline  where am i  , i asked with uncertainty . newline newline you are at the place of beginnings , the fulcrum upon which the ebb and flow of creation rests .  newline newline  what am i doing here ? what is the purpose of all of this ?  newline newline your soul is as ancient as time , and yet has been dormant for many years . the time has come for that soul to awaken , and for you to take your rightful place within the shifting planes of life and death .  newline newline i didn  t have a clue what any of it meant , but as the voice spoke i felt a sudden growing feeling within me , as if there were some unfinished duty i had to tend to . no , not duty destiny . i took a couple of steps towards the statue . newline newline  why me ? why now ?  newline newline there is a great darkness coming . the inevitable end of all creation is upon us . the approaching battle against the forces of destruction is at hand , and in the final hour you will be our savior .  newline newline my hands began to shake as i spoke . newline newline  but you talk of battles and death and the end of the world but i  m just a gardener . you need a warrior for something like this.  newline newline yes , and warriors we shall have . many will come to these halls to prepare for the coming darkness , and many shall fall . all shall fall newline newline  you make it sound as if the end is set in stone . if all is lost , then what good am i ? why fight at all ?  newline newline in order for creation to persevere , all of the worlds must be remade . things begin , end , and give birth to a new beginning . this cycle hinges on you . take up what is yours . accept your destiny and take your place in the universe . the time has come newline newline as the voice spoke , i continued to gaze at the worn statue . my eyes journeyed down towards the jar , which i then realized was not actually a part of the statue itself . i reached out for it , but quickly pulled my hand away . newline newline  what is it ?  newline newline it is the reason why you are needed . it is that which has brought evil upon all of the worlds . death , greed , sickness all of this and more was once contained therein .  newline newline  how can something that once contained such evil possibly help in such a dark time ?  newline newline because it still contains the one thing that can save us .  newline newline  which is ?  newline newline hope newline newline i took a couple of really deep breaths , and with great uncertainty , i grabbed the jar . i was suddenly flooded with images of all kinds . centuries upon centuries of visions shot through my brain like a bolt of lightning . i saw kings crowned , empires fall , and other worlds springing to life . newline newline as the visions finally faded , i felt all fear and doubt leave my body . i took the lid of the jar in one hand and pulled it away . i gently placed the lid at my feet , and reached into the jar . at first i felt nothing , but eventually touched something small . i took it in my hand and pulled it out of the jar . i looked down , and within the palm of my hand was a single seed . puzzlement began to take hold once again as i held the seed closer to my face . newline newline  what can a single seed do to change things ?  newline newline that is the offspring of all creation . it is taken from the tree that holds all worlds together . the tree is fading away , and will be fully withered in the hours of the final battle . you must take that seed and plant it when the time is right . the ashes of destruction will be the fuel for its growth , and from it all of the worlds will spring forth anew .  newline newline  how will i know when to plant it ?  newline newline you will know when the time comes . now you must return to your world . keep hope close to your chest , and always remember your destiny newline newline with that , a bright flash of light erupted within the hall . i felt myself knocked onto my back . as i sat up , i found myself in my bed . all of that a dream after all . what a vivid dream it was though . i had never experienced anything like it before . i took a moment to process everything , and slowly rose from my bed . as i placed my first foot towards the floor , i felt it brush against something . i looked to my side , and next to my floor was the jar . i quickly leaned over towards it and began to open it . i reached inside of it , and pulled out an all too familiar seed . suddenly , the words of the voice echoed in my head . newline newline keep hope close to your chest , and always remember your destinybang newline the young woman s brains splatter against the wall . newline newline and i m sent reeling , dropping the gun and clutching my aching skull . there was no way in hell this little lass should have have had this much knowledge . i d killed top academics that had given less neural rebound , so how could a little girl of barely 17 have so much in her head . newline newline ... no . newline not her head . her kid . her unborn son . i saw , in the blink of an eye , the life he should have lead . raised by a teenage mother , working a low income job until he turned 20 , then realizing he could do more , could be more . he should have changed the world and now he was lying unborn in a gutter , not even close to full term and dying with his mother . he was azoth , yhwh , allah . he was the way , the truth , the light . he was the word , the word made flesh , the word born unto the world . but the world did nt recognize him . newline newline and now i knew . i knew everything . i saw eternity and i saw infinity and i saw the void . newline newline i sunk to my knees and wept , crying a name , unsure whether in exclamation of the pain in my skull or in mourning for the life that i had ended too soon  newline newline  jesus christ ...  my head flew up from my paper so hard i thought my neck would snap . her stone gray eyes bored angrily into mine and i felt my mind reeling as she tore into me telepathically . newline newline  oh shit .   was the only clear thought i had as she stood from her desk and made her way to mine . the vicious mental assault had abated , but i felt the frigid anger of her mind still exerting enough pressure on my own to make me forget to breathe . newline newline  how often do you do this .  it was not a question really , she could see the answer already i was sure . her face was so close to mine i could see her pupils dilating behind her reading glasses . i noted that she smelled nice and i received a mental reprimand for that too . newline newline  nnot often , usually when i do nt have time to study .   i felt a lancet of pain inside my head as ms. glen dug for the information . she seemed satisfied and she leaned away from me . newline newline absently i realized how odd this must look to my classmates , but when i looked around the room they were all ignoring us . newline newline  what the fuck ?   i touched kimberly , the girl who sat in the desk beside me . she did nt even avert her eyes from her exam . newline newline fear coursed into my mind as realization dawned on me , and my eyes again met the steel of my new history teacher s . she smiled at me knowingly , of course she saw the exact moment i knew she was controlling the minds of the entire classroom . newline newline slowly , and while increasing the pressure on the inside of my skull , she bent back down , her face inches from mine . newline newline  do not cheat in my classroom again .   newline newline all i could do was nod and she stood back up , seemingly satisfied . she turned around and made her way back to the desk but paused a few rows ahead of mine . newline newline  jason , why do nt you have time to study ?   newline newline embarrassment flooded me as i allowed her access to the memories of my little brother simon being born , and my drunk dad leaving us when i was ten and he was four . the images of me working three jobs while i was in high school to help my mom pay the bills , of our car accident because i was speeding trying to get her to work . of my mother dying in the emergency room . the funeral was next , and then my brother s graduation from elementary school . flashes of me trying to study were fleeting and far between , but i really did try . newline newline by this time tears were freely flowing down my face as i stared at the back of her head . the last images i allowed her were of me working at the grocery store after my classes , and ups in the morning before them . of me and simon curled up on our futon , in our little apartment , watching netflix on an old laptop , of us eating ramen in our pajamas , and of the two us visiting mom on sundays . newline newline ms. glen touched my mind gently , the frozen rage from earlier completely gone , and replaced by a softly glowing yellow warmth . she did nt say anything as she moved back to her desk , and she only met my eyes briefly . her expression had been unreadable . i thanked her for keeping the students  attention off of me and i attempted to calm myself down . newline newline only to be reminded of the exam in front of me , that i was in no way prepared for . dismay set in as i realized there was no way i was going to pass this test , and subsequently the class , unless i took on a load of extra credit . which i had zero time to do . newline newline tears began to form in the corners of my eyes and i thought my panic was causing me to telepathically hallucinate when images and excerpts from textbooks began appearing inside my head . newline newline it took a moment to understand that ms. glen was feeding me information , not necessarily the answers , but she was definitely giving me hints . gratitude flowed through me and she accepted it with extreme reservation . she was very conflicted over what she was doing , and she allowed me to see this as she flashed a section of machiavelli s the prince . newline newline newline   newline newline newline i waited until everyone had left . my exam had been done a long time ago , but i wanted to actually talk to ms. glen . newline newline she of course sensed this and had already set aside the exams and was sipping a cup of tea when i approached her desk . newline newline  thank you , again , you really did nt have to . but i would be a liar if i said i did nt appreciate it .  newline newline a tiny smile flitted across her features and she sipped her tea again . newline newline  i know i did nt , and i know you do .  her real voice was much softer than her mental one and it startled me a little . it was enough to make her laugh a small chime of a noise and give me a genuine smile . newline newline  jason .  she had become very serious , and while her voice was much more soothing , it still held a knife s edge .  i in no way condone cheating , but i understand and sympathize with your reasons .  newline newline i moved to speak and she held a hand up to stop me . newline newline  so , in light of your situation i have decided to offer you private tutoring .  newline newline  but , you know i do nt have any time to study as it is . and i mean it is nt just that i do nt have any time to study for this class , i have no time to study for any of them .  i hung my head , i was nt proud of it , but cheating was unfortunately necessary if i wanted to graduate college and build a better life for simon . and myself . newline newline  i m capable of helping you with whatever you need .  skepticism flitted across my mind before i was bombarded with a wealth of information . she assaulted me with images from direct photocopies of the inside of anthropology textbooks , to detailed anatomical drawings , mathematical equations , and a delicious looking recipe for a chocolate cheesecake . newline newline through all of this she had been calmly alternating between sipping her tea , and inspecting her long lavender fingernails . newline newline  also , i know you do nt have the time to study , that s why i would tutor you telepathically . at an arranged time when you can dedicate a small bit of concentration of course .  her eyes bored into me as she continued to drink her tea . newline newline  but that s impossible ms. glen , the distance itself would be impossible . i mean , i ca nt even see past this room .  she laughed , and i do nt mean a short chuckle , i mean she full blown spat tea laughed at me . newline newline after about five minutes of hysterical giggling she wiped tears from her eyes and caught her breath . her cheeks and neck were flushed and the tears had left streaks in her makeup . she turned to me , finally managing to gather herself enough to speak with me . newline newline  does tomorrow at seventhirty work for you ?  newline newline   newline newline thanks for reading !newline days transpire , and i fail to realize . years go by , and i do nt notice . eons pass , and i bearly feel a thing . if i knew immortality would be so dull , perhaps i would ve taken the second option  though , i ca nt say i remember what it was . when you live for as long as i have , you tend to forget things . the taste of roast chicken on a sunday morn , the shimmer of rain on an audi a3 careening around the next corner , my mother s name . all things that i once knew , and had known for decades just ... gone . i relinquished the short , and bittersweet end i was destined for , in exchange for an infinite existence , of no taste at all .  everything s easy in hindsight  , they said ,  do nt beat yourself up over it  , they said . but being older , i knew better : only an irredeemable moron would choose eternal life because they d be too dim to realize how populated the earth is compared to the rest of the universe . once the earth is gone , but you re still here , what do you plan on doing ? newline to which the answer is to wallow in selfpity , regret , and abject misery for the rest of eternity as you drift through space endlessly , your dreams of how it used to be your only solace , but also your greatest torment . it ll never happen . i ll never land on the doorstep of an intelligent civilization again . not within a time period that i can comprehend . thus , it is my only hope that i lose my sanity long before it happens . newline the company of my own thoughts has done a remarkable job in keeping me sane : perhaps i m already mad and do nt know it .i  m not really a coffee shop guy . however , today i find myself sitting here sipping a cup of coffee . atlas its good coffee . the shop is filled with the usual suspects . a middle aged woman clacks away on her phone while waiting for her order . the line is filled with hurried business men and women , mixed with twenty somethings wearing crazy scarfs to be ironic . the guy sitting in front of me has his laptop on the table . newline newline he  s starring at a blank page . he finally begins to type .  it begins raining outside.  newline newline drip drop . newline newline i hear what sounds like rain on the window . looking up i can see the steadily increasing drops turn the pavement wet outside . what a weird coincidence . i would live to have that power . i look back to the mans computer.as i take a sip of coffee . newline newline  a bolt of lightning hits the pavement.  newline newline crash ! newline newline a flash of light blinds me for a second . i breifly choke on my coffee . it can  t be . is he doing . this .  the people baristas begin to dance.  all the baristas immediately leave from behind the counter . in a trance the all start dancing in different manners . newline newline  a unicorn runs by the window.  newline newline i hear the clopping of horse hoofs approaching . i see it . the pure white majesty of the most beautiful horse i had ever seen with a single horn protruding from its head . i watch as it runs by . i can  t believe what is happening . how is he doing this ? it seems he  s just writing random things . newline newline  the world returns to normal.  newline newline just as quick as it started it stopped . everything has returned to normal . the baristas all stand around pondering what had just happened . newline newline  everyone forgets what has just happened.  newline newline what am i still doing here ? i need to get going .i life inside the wall was never easy . there was never enough jobs to go around and no mater how hard you worked it was never enough to keep bread on the table but it was better then the  outside  . at least that s what they told me . i was the in wanted step child , a curse bestowed upon my stepmother when my father , her 4th husband died but i was useful . with my job at the coal mine i was able to keep enough bread on the table to feed my three half siblings . one fateful morning as i was making my daily 3 mile commute i was jumped and pulled into an ally . the attackers took everything , from my coin purse to my shoes . the attack was enough to make me 5 min late to work resulting in immediate termination despite my 4 years of devoted work . my walk home was a long heavy one . i would be kicked out , with my mother in able to use me for my salary she would no longer allow me to sleep on the kitchen floor i would be forced to sleep in the mass shelters with 100 strangers or more . i never would have imagined the evil that sat just beyond the threshold of our front door . perhaps if i had i would have run gladly to the mass shelters and never would have found my path . as the door swing open on squeaky hinges i saw my mother sitting across the table form lion the owner of the largest brothel in the outer wall . the moment i saw my her , my step monster , smiling i should have guessed her motives but my heart sank with fear for my beautiful little sister shay . then for the second time that day i was grabbed and beaton only this time it was my freedom that was stolen . she sold me , to a brothel owner , i knew the woman was a monster but this was a low i did nt conceive possible before now . the two goons smile at me expectedly as the coach takes us towards what i can only think is one of his many brothels . my mind is racing , how could i possibly escape this fate . the shackles shift as i fidget making the smallest of clanging , i chose to find comfort in the sound . i close my eyes and summon my only memory of my birth mother . the clanking of shackles becomes the many bracelets she wore on her wrists and ankles as she danced barefooted in our run down kitchen , she sang a joyous tune as she danced , choosing to enjoy the little things life gave us rather then all the bad . i was jostled out of my haze when goon number one decided to run his hand along my thigh . both goons are looking at me anxious to get what they want . little do they know i have an extrodanary ability to ruin someone s plan . without warning i bring up my leg and kick goon number two right in the jaw , when goon number one lunged at me i raised my cufs allowing me to wrap the chain around his neck . a moment later he stopped flailing and when the chain was removed he remained still , staring at me with lifeless eyes . seeing the fate of his friend goon number two showed his hands as if defeated . satisfied with my work i kicked open the door jumped out and set off sat a sprint across the dirt road with no real detonation in mind . before i could get far the back of my shirt was caught and pulled upright bringing my feet off the ground . out of the crowd 4 peace keepers materialized all headed towards me . typically the punishment for murder is death by hanging but seeing as i am only 16 and , until today , a upstanding citizen the council opted for a less gruesome sentence . life outside the wall . for some this is the worst punishment possible for me , at least i ll be alive . i was given a water bottle , a knife , a pair of shoes and was sent on my way to the outside . what i found was nothing like i ever imagined . while the inside was crowded , dirty , smoggy and smelt of human waste the outside was green with vast riling hills trees and clear sky as far as the eye can see . this was not a punishment , this was heven sent .i do nt write often , but when i do it has a few common threads . recognize your threads is my first suggestion . my main thread is this . newline newline my stories are about a protagonists internal struggles . this hits a special note in my life , and i have a personal belief that when a protagonist overcomes their internal struggles they can overcome anything ... that is the thing though  not all struggles are overcame . newline newline the second thing is i will have a thought  just a single controversial line . i have used a few as prompts , others i have waited until someone prompted something similar so i could twist and contort it into my own prompt . newline newline my most recent examples are : newline newline the most glorious moment in love is the ending . newline newline and newline newline ethics are for those that fear failure but need an honorable way to retreat .a shrill scream is cut short in the brisk air . something hits the ground , hard . newline newline a brief silence so deep nothing else dared make a noise . newline newline snap . craack .  newline newline bones give way , joints pop out of their sockets . newline newline shhrlop newline newline luckily no one is around to hear the audible slurping sound being made by the creature devouring it s latest kill . its serrated sharklike teeth tear through flesh while pale , sickly , human hands hold it down . do not assume it could ever be anything close to human , for it is not , but it would like you to assume so . its eyes , if they could be called eyes , are pure black pools.it suddenly looks up from it s meal with a strange expression . it arises slowly and wipes blood off it s mouth with one of those pale , sickly hands . it turns and looks around , contemplative . newline newline suddenly a knowing grin spreads across its face , its serrated teeth being slightly exposed as the corner of its thin lips tentatively reach its ears . it stalks forward , its clumsy steps growing faster , and faster , its strides long and lanky and covering way too much ground way too fast . its face twisted into that huge grin , blank eyes wild with an unseen fire . newline newline . newline newline . newline newline . newline newline document last modified : 3:23am 672014xavier rushed forward , spear held waist high , point perpendicular to the bloodied soil . newline newline he jumped off his left foot and landed with his right on the back of a darkskinned man . pushing off the man s back with his right leg , xavier soared above the front lines and into the enemy . he did nt spare a glance for the kaztrak , the man he jumped off . that fool was as good as dead , if not by the jump , then by a later slip . only a fool would stand on the front lines with no shield . newline newline men stared up in astonishment as xavier landed behind the third and last line of the azmirian s most common battle formation . one line in front with shields . one in the middle with spears . one in the back with shields . they would cycle right and left respectively , changing the lines often . their white skin was stained with sweat , even though the battle had only started minutes ago . xavier smiled as the men nearest him began to panic and abandoned position . that alone would have made xavier worth his weight in the battle . newline newline but he was nt done . newline newline in fact , he had nt even begun . newline newline xavier jerked his body backward instinctively as an arrow flew through the spot he was standing and into the chest of a azmirian . newline newline he turned to face the archer . an older man , gray hair , a starshaped patch on his shirt . a commander . the man s face was contorted with fear . newline newline so ,  xavier s smile widened , you ve heard of me already ? allow me to show you why they whisper my name .  newline newline xavier rushed the man , moving as quick as the wind . he ducked another arrow on instinct and reached the commander . swinging his spear from above , xavier slashed downward . a rookie s move . newline newline the commander s eyes showed a moment of confusion before the man dodged and began advancing . let him think me a greenskin . newline newline xavier pretended to stumble on a rock . newline newline the commander moved forward with yet more confidence . newline newline xavier felt the eyes of the azmirian s third line drilled on his back . good , let them see .  newline newline the commander advanced yet further as xavier backpedaled until both the commander and the azmirian back line were in his spear s radius . newline newline let them see their commander fall first .  xavier instantly stopped backpedaling and lunged forward , thrusting the spear to the man s gut . thrusting was a terrible move in a battle as it left a man open to counterattacks , but xavier did nt allow one . the spear sank in the man s stomach and was pulled out the side , gutting him before he knew what happened . now , they can die .  newline newline xavier turned and swept his spear s metal head just far enough to cut through the azmirian s cloth shirts and pale chests . two of the three victims fell , the last man instead staring at his wound , or trying to , chin prohibiting the movement . xavier cocked his head at the man . newline newline he should fall by the man fell to his knees and slumped forward . there we are .  newline newline the back line parted from xavier s position and the middle now stood in front . good ,  he stared at the chaos . my men managed to take out a line . they re improving . newline newline the azmirians dropped their weapons and held up their hands , surrendering . newline newline the men of serpent s strike looked to xavier . newline newline xavier did nt take prisoners . newline newline  kill them .  he said . newline newline apparently none of the azmirians understood the civilized tongue as they continued standing there , hands up . newline newline all the same ,  he thought . let my men take less casualties . steve was bored . newline newline steve was usually bored nowadays . it was hard to find things to do after the apocalypse had happened . no electricity , no internet , the battery on his smartphone ran out years ago ! he used to spend hours playing that one game about matching and exploding things ! newline newline he had things to read , bookstores were nt prime targets once the looting began , but he was never a reader  . he filled up bookcase or two at his home over the last few years , though , just in case he ever had any  living  guests come by . he did nt want people to think he was nt smart ! newline newline but he never had any guests ... he wondered if anyone else was alive out there like him . whatever had turned so many people into the living dead seemed to have a different effect on him . when other people died , usually from an infected bite , they came back as a zombie . steve , on the other hand , just came back as himself after he died . dying was never a fun experience for steve , so he tried to avoid it when he could . steve often wondered if he was alive  in the strictest sense though . he was never hungry , or thirsty , but his body did nt deteriorate like he assumed it should from not eating and drinking anything for a few years . he never went to the bathroom , which he frankly did nt miss . he felt alive , and could talk and function as if he was alive , so even though things pointed to the contrary , he was pretty sure he was alive ! newline newline the zombies did nt think so , though . they seemed to ignore him whenever he was out and about , and left his house alone too . he could get a response from them sometimes , like his old friend frank who usually aimlessly wanders downtown . steve was sure he waved back at him once when he said hey frank !  , albeit a very strange and jagged wave . he talked with other zombies to combat boredom and overall loneliness , but they were nt great conversationalists ... newline newline one thing he wished he could do was play board games with the zombies . he loved board games and have tons of them . every once in awhile he would setup a game somewhere in the park , covered in grass dead with overgrown weeds , grab a zombie or two and sit them down to try to teach them how to play . it was hard to keep their attention , and even then they did nt really listen to his instructions very well ... he usually stuck with easier games like checkers and sorry ! , and managed to finish a few games now and again . one time he played chess with an older looking zombie and lost in two turns . he still did nt know how that happened ... he was nt very good at chess . newline newline he had nt seen another living person in ages . that all changed one day when he was out for his morning walk in the early morning when he saw an unfamiliar car parked outside the savnmart . a couple of people were loading some stuff into the car , a man and a woman , scavenging supplies probably . newline newline he got exited . very excited ! he could nt hold back his excitement as he started to sprint at full speed towards the car . newline newline  hey !  he yelled , waving at them as he ran ,  heeey !  newline newline the woman dropped a cardboard box she was carrying , quickly leveling a pistol with lightning speed at steve . he was about to say wait !  before he was shot in the chest . steve tumbled forward in pain , skidding a bit on the asphalt of the parking lot , coming to a stop a few feet away from the couple of scavengers . newline newline  jesus ...  the man asked , putting away the box in the car quickly ,  they can run now ?  newline newline  and yell too ...  the woman said , about to holster her gun when she saw steve move a bit on the ground . newline newline  you missed his head .  the man said with a chuckle ,  i thought you were getting good at this ?  newline newline  shut up !  she replied and heard steve moan a bit ,  ... aw shit ... he might ve been a survivor ...  newline newline  shit ...  the man said , shaking his head ,  i doubt we can do anything for him . put a bullet where you missed the first time so he does nt become one of them .  newline newline she sighed and walked over to steve . he rolled over with a groan and looked up the woman who was pointing her gun at him . he raised her hands .  wait wait !  newline newline she hesitated a bit , still aiming the gun at his head .  sorry ... about shooting you . but we do nt have the medical supplies to take care of those gunshot wounds . best we can do is put a bullet in your brain to stop you from becoming one of them ...  newline newline  wait ! no !  steve said , starting to get up ,  its fine , really !  he stood up infront of her , opening his arms to show he was doing fine . there were holes in his shirt , but no blood . newline newline she did nt know what to think , still aiming her gun at him . was he wearing a bullet proof vest ? no ... she could see what looked like human scar tissue through the holes in his shirt . she took a step back and kept her gun aimed at him , pointing at his head this time .  what ... what the hell are you ? !  newline newline  uh , cherry ?  the man said from the car seated in the drivers seat , the engine idling . the collective groans of zombies were growing in the distance ,  we got some friends incoming !  newline newline  shit !  cherry said , looking at the car and then back at steve .  your coming with us ! i need to know what the hell you are !  newline newline  sounds good to me !  steve said with a smile , following cherry as he lead him to the car , keeping the gun pointed at him as if he was a hostage . when she realized that steve did nt need coercion to join them , and did nt even seem concerned at all by a gun pointed to his head , she holstered her gun and quickly got into the front seat . newline newline steve got in the backseat which was practical packed with supplies the couple must have gathered : food , water , gas , tool , and some other random items . he had to wedge himself in there to fit . the man already accelerated the car and took out of the parking lot before he even got seated . newline newline  we can stop at my place ! its a pretty quiet neighborhood nowadays and not far from here .  steve said to them , trying to put on a seatbelt  always wear your seatbelt !  ,  do you guys like board games ?  newline newline do it .  matt slowly turned his head around . he did nt see anyone . i m hearing things , he thought . he picked up the pill bottle and opened the top . newline newline  yes , do it matthew .  he spun around and only saw his cat in the doorway . cautiously he walked out into the hall .  hello ?  no response .  who said that ?  newline newline  stop stalling and take the pills . we both know you ll feel better .  he looked down at his cat with wide eyes .  what are you staring at me for ? get back in there and finish what you started .  newline newline  bill , are you talking ?  newline newline  nope .  newline newline  but you just  newline newline  it does nt matter now does it ? are nt you about to die ?  newline newline he blinked at his cat . not knowing how to react . am i crazy ? , he thought . is this my brain going haywire before i die ?  bill ?  newline newline  yes ?  newline newline  how are we speaking right now ?  newline newline  we ve always spoke . i ve told you to kill yourself so many times and now you re doing it . finally all will be mine !  newline newline  what the fuck are you talking about bill ? if i die who let s you out ? who feeds you or gives you water ?  newline newline the cat sat there a moment , pondering his options .  say matt , why do you want to off yourself anyway ?  newline newline  were nt you listening . i have nobody in my life . i m a loser , better off dead .  newline newline  you ve got me .  bill flashed his cute face up at matt .  but bill , you re a cat .  newline newline  but i can also be a friend .  bill jumped on the sink and started purring and being playful . matt looked at him and rubbed his belly . to his surprise bill did nt scratch him . he smiled , for the first time in a long time .  well , you are someone to talk to .  newline newline bill stood up .  that s the spirit matt .  he jumped off the sink and walked out into the hall .  now make me some god damn dinner . as mark hit the final keystroke , the world stared in awe as their ability to communicate with loved ones vanished in a nanosecond . people collectively intook a shared breath , so much the trees swayed in one fluid motion around the world . and cried out in horror as they frantically searched for a way to communicate with the outside world , anyone , including their neighbor 20 feet outside their window . they tentatively stepped outside and meeked out a simple , hello ?  newline newline only to be greeted by a smiling friendly little white alien with a business card that spoke simply when your thumb touched the card , httpcolonbackslashbackslashwwwdotredditdotcom july 18 , 2014 newline        newline the streets of new tokyo were littered with the debris and garbage of the latest raids . market stalls were tipped and fruits and trinkets spilled into the usually bustling plaza . the setting sun was hidden behind the shri tower , framing the monstrous skyscraper in blazing red and casting a shadow on its surroundings . newline newline to a visitor the site may have been horrifying , but to the citizens of nt it was just another day . if the japanese knew one thing for certain , it s that the americans made up for their lack of military strength with persistent annoyances . though the  resistance  was allowed to continue its attacks mostly due to pity from the empire , some of the raids actually had some degree of success . granted , the resistance had gone below rock bottom by now , and if they managed to steal some produce or break some windows they retreated and called it a win . there were very few fullblooded americans left , and the majority of them were loyal to the empire . newline newline the war was a long time in the past , and the world was for the most part a peaceful place . the cooperative ruling of the fhrer and the emperor kept crime to an unbelievably low point . this was , of course , at the cost of many liberties . the citizens did nt mind paying a fee when they did nt know they had a choice . newline newline newline march 25 , 1940 newline         newline albert sat back in his chair , the radio going on in the background . he was deciding something important , and his decision would shape his future . was he doing the right thing ? the nazis were obviously evil , but could he justify creating one evil to stop another ? the manhattan project was supposed to be the lance that thrust the allies to victory , but did the lives of so many innocent warrant that ? newline newline  i am no god , and i have no right to make this decision .  newline newline einstein s decision was still inconclusive . maybe for once in his life , he should stop figuring . this was a problem to which there was no solution . perhaps the only way to come to a conclusion was for fate to come to one for him . he put his head in his hands and listened to his surroundings . newline newline crickets chirped outside his window , dampened every now and then as the dead of the night brought a cold , howling gust of wind . the radio ... albert began listening to the radio . newline newline   with runners on second and third and a full count , the white sox are going to need something big here ! luke appling has been known to get himself out of some pretty tight situations , but a 45 deficit in the bottom of the ninth might be too much for even him !  newline one more pitch was dealt to appling , and another , and another . 24 pitches fouled off total before finally , like a hurricane after the calm , luke unleashed his fury and sent the ball deep . newline  it s going ! it s up there ! and it s gone ! appling with a three run home run to take this game for the sox ! they ve won it all ! victory for the white sox !   newline newline and that s the sign he needed . a sign that victory was the most important goal , no matter the cost . the bomb would be completed . newline newline but that s not what albert heard . it could have been , and in some universe it may have been . but not now . what he heard now was different . newline newline  with runners on second and third and a full count , the white sox are going to need something big here ! luke appling has been known to get himself out of some pretty tight situations , but a 45 deficit in the bottom of the ninth might be too much for even him !  newline newline one more pitch was dealt to appling , and he made contact . it flew like a rocket , grounding into foul territory and cracking off of the stadium wall . luke hung his head and dropped his bat to the ground . newline newline  it looks like there will be no miracle save today folks ... but that s just the way the cookie crumbles sometimes . the yankees win by one run , but i do nt think this is the win people were looking for . fans love a good underdog victory , but that s not what they got today . i guess you ca nt always get the victory you want .  newline newline albert shook his head slowly . you ca nt always win when you want to . sometimes your morals were more important than victory , and he knew that if the atom bombs were completed the blood paid for winning the war would not be justified . he began writing his letter of resignation to the team . newline newline newline newline     newline if it sucks i apologize . it s late and i have nt checked grammar or anything , and i sure as hell would nt trust my history . that goes for world war ii and baseball both . i felt like i had a cool idea though and i hope i was able to represent it in a way that is nt stupid .take a look at the world . what do you see ? newline newline you see war , famine , disease . people suffering , people dying . newline newline it does nt have to be this way . i know it does nt . i can change this world . i will change this world . newline newline i have studied multiple forms of science and engineering . i have the support of an entire nation . i am the world s hero . newline newline i have even gazed at the future itself , and i see a world where people do nt have to suffer from diseases like cancer . a world where all people live in peace and harmony . a world where none go without . all thanks to me . newline newline i will achieve that vision . even if it means i have to kill those who oppose me . i will conquer the world and shape it into utopia . i will attack the problems at their core and execute warmongers , murderers theives . it will be a glorious world under the watch of viktor von doom .in the world we live in today exist underground societies , made up of some of the most powerful and influential men and women . these societies have long been planning to conquer the world and the time is finally here . newline a ancient society that worshipped poseidon , long ago decided if they just raised the water levels it would destroy a large portion of the farmland , and make the lands smaller , making them easier to control , they had set up their own farm land , and had secured the majority of the land inland . and so they were ready , they began melting enormous glaciers , and icebergs the sizes of citys , this was done simultaneously all over the world . newline newline meanwhile , another society not as ancient as the previous society but old none the less , were about to enact their plane , realizing that we all depend on the ocean , and if the oceans water level was to drop , it would displace many wetlands , and coastal citys , and cut off the food supply for fishing villages . so they began freezing and turning large portions of the worlds oceams into icebergs and glaciers , through a chemical process , a technique they have kept hidden , they could accomplish quickly . newline newline another society not very old , a few hundred years at the most , was ready to enact their plan for world conquest , they were going to heat the earth , if they raised the temperture of earth it would wipe out a large portion , and only the ones that took to living underground will survive . they had been living underground since the early 1900s . they began destroying the earths ozone , not like we see in todays global warming but in tearing several large holes , quickly . they did this with technology that identified the type of sub atomic particals made of the ozone , by altering there compostion the would render that section of ozone usless . newline newline all the while a new society only ten years old , was about to enact their plan , they were going to bring about an ice age , by creating a super dense ozone by making the atoms less spread out they would make it so the earth is unable to take in any new heat , it would quickly drop in temperature , and they would probably die too , they didnt really think it through . newline newline and so because of the actions of these societies , the earth became much more habitable , their were now regions in antarctic and the polar caps , that were warm , and could sustain farming . deserts not had regions of cold climates that allowed for more vegetation growth . newline newline the world became more diverse in climate , and so people were able to know move to regions they were never before able . newline newline and the ocean became far more diverse , as now regions of the atlanric and pacific were now similar to the arctic and vise versa . they truely helped the world that day . finally ,  he muttered under his breath as the last of the stone was placed ,  it s complete .  newline harren looked out of his castle , his hand held a firm grip on its stony bones  the first light had newline dawned on the sky , its reach had spread far across the world , painting all it touched with crimson and newline gold . the gods are calling for blood , harren concluded . in the distance , a garrison was approaching newline from the south . an army led by some foreign cunt with three dragons they say . bah ! seven help the newline fools that believe the tales . simply lies to fool the simple minded .  whatever the truth , harren showed newline little signs of worry . after all , his castle was impregnable  his walls were thick and strong as if it were newline steel , and his towers tall enough to pierce through the heavens . his castle had a hundred hearths , newline enough to warm the bodies of a thousand men and have space for a thousand more . a company of newline archers manned the walls , ready to rain fire upon the foe , and an army within on guard and ready to fight newline for their lord . a million men could ve marched on these walls and a million men would ve been repelled . newline yet doubt still lingered in harren s heart . what if .  what if the tales.. fuck , now is not the time for idle newline thoughts . the army from the south was now mere miles away from his gates , they held a strange banner newline the old lord had never seen before , their sigil bore a threeheaded red dragon on a field of black . once newline again , harren felt a strange sense of unease . what if .  but now , there was no turning back , no what ifs  , the messenger newline that called for harren s surrender was now a quiver for a dozen arrows . haren s castle was about to be put newline to the test . it s time for war .  newlineit was just so much easier then he had originally thought . joe reflected how he just simply offered the hooker a drink , laced with rohypnol of course , and moved the limp unconscious body into his truck . he was driving to his private residence , deep in the sparsely populated backwoods of his town , where no one would disturb him . newline newline in a way , joe did nt want to do this , but he could nt stop fantasizing the time he would spend with his new guest . in his lonely isolation , joe lost touch with the world . he could never seem to socialize properly to get girls to like him . with his increasing age , and worsening appearance , joe could not afford to wait any longer . and so , joe had convinced himself that if they just could spend a little more time with him , one would perhaps fall in love with him . so he came up with a plan , he would kidnap girls he liked , and force them to stay with him . if they wanted out , if they could not eventually like him back , well , he obviously could nt let them go to the police ... could he ... in any case , joe was hoping that it did not have to come to that . the lonely truck turned onto the dirt path that would eventually lead to his home , not realizing that it was not as empty as he thought it was . newline newline joe entered his residence . it was thoroughly cleaned up in preparation of his  guest  . he had to make a good first impression after all . he laid the hooker ... no ... his female acquaintance , on the couch , and went to work on tying her hands and feet . joe would not take the chance of his guest running away before he could properly introduce himself . newline newline  hey joe ,  a voice said , in a calm and even tone , but startling joe nevertheless . turning around , he saw an old , but fit , bearded man sitting at his kitchen table . frozen in shock , he just stared at the old man . someone caught me ? already ! ? but i was careful ! do i kill him ? who else knows ? am i going to prison ? newline those were the thoughts that fired around in his brain . his body screamed action , but his mind did not know what to do . newline newline  listen to me very carefully ,  the old man said , again in a steady tone . without an idea of what to do , joe did just what the man said .  i am you , from the future .  the old man had a stern look in his eye .  and what you are doing will never work .  the old man began telling joe , in detail , all the things that he did and would do . joe had told no one of his desires , yet this old man knew every part of it . newline newline upon hearing what the old man had to say , joe realized that the old man was telling the truth . he saw himself , older yes , but strikingly close in resemblance . joe could not say anything , he was dumbfounded . stressed by the innormality of the situation , joe broke down . newline newline  what am i supposed to do ?  joe whimpered , tears rolling down his face now . he was caught , and by his future self no less . the old man sat up and made his way toward his sobbing younger self . with a empathetic pat on the shoulder , the old man handed joe a card . newline newline  this was the place i went to when i realized what i ve been doing , they re probably starting out now , but they really helped me see the wrong i had been doing .  the old man had a solemn look on his face now ,  it was too late for the people i had hurt , but you still have a chance to make things right .  newline newline  what about her ?  joe asked , motioning to the girl on his couch . newline newline  i ll take her back . when she wakes up , i ll explain things to her .  without another word , future joe went and picked up the still motionless girl and took her outside . taking the truck , future joe left his past self behind , leaving the man to his thoughts , and , hopefully , a much better future . newline newlinethere s something missing in here , i m sure of it . i ca nt quite place it but its the same feeling i get when one of the trees on our avenue gets chopped down . i do nt quite know what it is or even if it s missing , maybe its just moved but somethings out of place.fuck it , if i stop trying to figure it out it ll come to me in a second ... newline newline ice cold cocacola sooth me you delicious little sugary canister of joy . aaaaaahhhhhhhh that . is . it . do nt rightly care if the front doors missing after a gulp of that black gold , it stings against my throat because i inhaled it to fast but i care not , it is good . newline newline i m bored now , and as that boredom creeps over me i get to wondering again , whats wrong with this scene ? table , same , cupboard , same , couch , same , wall hangings , lamp , table , keys , that god awful photo of me and the family all the same as its ever been . what then , in the name of all that is sane in my head is telling me something s different ? newline newline ding , dong newline newline thank you god for that , a distraction is exactly what i need . newline newline  mr . rutheridge ?  newline newline  that d be me  newline newline  sign here please  newline newline  mmm.. okay , what s this ?  newline newline  a delivery  newline newline  oh right yeah got that , just was nt expecting one today  newline newline  have a nice day sir  newline newline  you too..  newline newline what is this then , a distraction within a distraction ? bike tape ! ? yellow bike tape ? ? i swear i only just ordered this two minutes ago ... that s fast , like really fast , like way too fast . either the age of technology has taken a ridiculous understanding of the term speedy service or this was delivered to the wrong address . newline  110 belmont street mr. rutheridge  newline newline i m scared , things should not be this quick , how will i even look forward to anything i ever order again if it arrives before i even have time to remember i ordered it ! i got ta check who sent this ... flip , click , pop and i ll have a little check on the book before i settle down to anything else . boring , boring , boring , but that same feeling is creeping up my back again.. this is all new.. the whole feed is brand new , not one story , post or boring photo that i stared at earlier , that rarely happens . hold on there a moment gar s in amsterdam ! ? that was nt till next monday . what is going on , why , what , i do nt understand . newline newline and suddenly , that feeling that had been slowly making its way up my spine gushes forward as my the dam in my bewildered head breaks and coming forth is a realisation . what can not be true , would seem to be true . it s next week . the world has skipped a beat the size of a week and i have been absent . my life , that is so precious , finite and fragile has been robbed of a whole 7 days . 7 days i could ripped apart the seams of this house and built a mansion in its stead . 7 days i could of pillaged my bank account and travelled the world and back . 7 days i woulda finally worked up the courage and taken that leap of faith and we would happy together by now , curled up in bed . 7 , whole , days . newline newline click , pop , flip , newline newline my bike s gunna loook siiick with that new tape . newlineok , i wrote this whole thing but the page closed , so here i am rewriting it . i d just like to preface this by saying it s 100  as i recall the situation . i ll leave you to fill in the gaps . nothing here is intentionally made up . newline newline  live in japan . going to an international school there . newline newline  head to the city centre to hit one of the popular spots . saturday , summer break . newline newline  with two buddies , mark  half japaneseusa  and chad  australian  . newline newline  we re 1617 but get in no problem because they rarely id foreigners and we ve been there before . newline newline  nothing much going on  about 10pm ?  and we re chilling until things pick up . newline newline  decide to go out for a smoke break and meet a hot mixed chick outside . seriously , she s pretty fucking gorgeous . we start talking and stay out there for a while . i found out later that she got a text at the time from her friend saying she found a cute guy and they were hitting it off . i guess that s why she was willing to get the ball rolling with me . newline newline  the line outside starts getting pretty long . i ask if she wants to head back in to dance . she seems really interested . looks like things are heading up ! newline newline  we dance a bit and then i buy us drinks and say i ll be right back after i check on my buddies . newline newline  it s getting pretty crowded inside but i almost immediately find chad on one of the black side benches texting . walk over and ask what s up . he tells me mark found a cute blonde and they re hitting it off . i m like  cool  and tell him what i was up to . then head back to the girl i was with . newline newline  a japanese dude is trying to flirt with her but he leaves when i get there and she acknowledges me . newline newline  we talk and drink some more and the night passes by . it s probably close to two by now and we eventually find a corner and start making out . it eventually leads to fingering . newline newline  anyway , after maybe 10 min , she leaves for the bathroom and i do too . i wait in line , get in , get out and wait for probably 10 minutes . newline newline  think a cute girl like her probably just ditched me so i scan the room to try to find my friends while keeping my eye on our corner and the bathroom exit . newline  see her exiting the bathroom after maybe 15 minutes and who is she with ? fuck , it s my older sister . what are the chances ! ?  my  girl sees me and motions for me to come over . she does nt know what s going on , but me and my sister do . newline  it s pretty awkward when she finds out , but i ve experienced worse . i try to play it off and make her not feel embarrassed in front of her friend  my sister  . newline  then , out of fucking nowhere mark comes over with two drinks in his hand and looks pretty shellshocked .  what the fuck , you re here to  he says to my girl .  mark ! ?  she says back . holy fuck , they re fucking siblings too ! ? he then tries to hand one of his drinks to my sister , not knowing we re related .  hey bud , this is my sister , kristina .  awkward as fuck . newline  we re all like  how the fuck does this happen  and then chad comes out of nowhere , puts both his arms around the two girls and tries to wingman like a bro .  ladies , if you stick with these two guys tonight , trust me , you ll have the time of your lives .  newline  holy fuck , he did not just say that . newline  on the walk home i found some blood on my fingers . newline newline edit : for some reason i thought you were asking for the most awkward moment i m a little tipsy from christmas dinner and it s 2am , so maybe that s why i ca nt fucking read properly . newline newline edit : i meant christmas eve .so i kind of just wrote the beginning part newline newline in his 18 year career as nasa  s administrator , major general charles bolden has never been this emotional over a mission . his feelings of excitement and pride were dwarfed only by his intense feeling of nervousness . never had there been a mission with as much on the line . for the last 12 years of his time as administrator he had overseen the development of the first manned mission to another world . the world which they had named providence . newline newline there was a soft knocking on the door to his office .  come in ,  he said in a hollow voice . newline newline the door opened slowly and donald stennes , the lead engineer of the mission alpha outreach , stepped into the room . bolden had worked closely with stennes over the last decade on ao , and he could see that stennes was just as nervous as he was .  15 minutes out , sir.  bolden gave a terse nod as stennes backed out of his office and closed the door . newline newline as much as he wanted to remain in his office and receive updates in this manner , he had devoted too much time and effort to this mission to not be there for the landing . he collected his thoughts and composed himself . despite his feelings he would not allow himself to appear unsettled in mission control . bolden picked up his cup of coffee from his desk and headed for fcr 1 . newline newline stennes looked over as bolden walked into fcr 1 where he was overseeing the mission . the two exchanged brief greetings and turned to watch the progress . on the main monitor was the video feed from the lander . the video was delayed by five minutes because of the distance the signal had to travel and did not relay any sound . everything seemed to be going well on the deck of the lander . commander martin looked calm and in control , carefully relaying commands to the rest of the flight crew . newline newline bolden turned his attention away from the main monitor to a console on the right . brian yates was manning this particular station . yates was the brain behind this advanced monitoring system . quantum entanglement had never been used in a mission before , but it had been proved to be able to provide a basic status of the mission with near instant feedback . newline newline  everything green , yates ?  bolden demanded . newline newline  all good , sir.  he replied . yates was probably the only man in the control room that was more nervous than bolden and stennes . this was the first mission that his technology had been approved for and it was very important that it worked correctly . all of the indicators on his console were lit with solid green lights . newline newline bolden nodded and returned his attention to the main monitor . his nerves were starting to settle more as periodic status updates were called out from each station indicating that the mission was still on track . newline newline  atmosphere breech in 30 seconds.  called stennes to the room . newline newline the tension was palpable in the room at this point . everything everyone in the room had spent the last decade or more working on hinged on the next 2 minutes , from the breech of the atmosphere to landing on the surface of providence . newline newline  atmosphere breached , all systems green.  updated stennes . most of the room breathed a sigh of relief . 113 brave men and women were on that lander , and bolden would not allow himself to relax until he had confirmation that each and every one of them had arrived safely . newline newline to his right , bolden heard a modest beep come from one of the consoles . turning his attention to yates he called for a status update .  what  s the status , yates ?  newline newline yates couldn  t bring himself to respond . he slowly rose from his seat with a ghostly look on his face . newline newline  yates ! update.  commanded bolden . the blackness of the lights on the quantum updater console gave an empty feeling in bolden  s stomach that would haunt him for the remainder of his life . newline newline yates reported ,  it  s gone.  newline newline  what do you mean it  s gone ?  questioned stennes .  i need sit . reps. on all stations !  he ordered the room . newline newline every head in the room had turned to look back at what was happening with yates . everyone quickly returned their focus to their individual consoles and reported all systems green around the room . newline newline  all systems are reporting green , yates ! what do you mean it  s gone ?  stennes pleaded . newline newline yates stammered .  i  ve never seen the lights go out before.  he tried to explain .  the lights are always either red or green . never just off . they can  t be just off . it  s not possible.  newline newline  well they sure as hell look off to me , yates !  roared bolden .  what does that mean ? !  newline newline yates replied in almost a whimper .  it means it  s gone . i don  t know how else to explain it.  newline newline  well you had better figure out how to explain it . our lander is set to touch down in 45 seconds , and your device suddenly loses signal . i demand an explanation !  bolden replied . newline newline  it doesn  t use a radio signal or anything , there is no signal to be lost !  yates exclaimed with urgency .  this console is connected with that lander on a quantum level.  he said , pointing a finger at the main monitor where the flight deck of the lander still showed everyone operating normally .  by the laws of physics , the only way that these lights could be black while the power indicator on the console is still lit is if the quantum connection were broken . i don  t know how to explain that , because that can not happen according to our laws of physics . that lander is gone , sir  newline newline there was a deafening silence throughout the room as the gravity of those words sank in . everyone looked at bolden with the same pained look . bolden simply returned his empty gaze back to the main monitor . everyone else followed suit . newline newline all they could do now was watch . newline newline according to the mission clock to the left of the main monitor the lander had just touched down . it would still be three painfully long minutes before the video feed caught up to the report of total loss from yates . newline newline a ominous beeping from one of the consoles on the left dragged everyone  s attention away from the monitor . newline newline  sir we have a critical failure reported from the life support systems  one of the engineers reported . newline newline almost as if on cue the scene on the monitor became panicked . they had just been indicated that their life support was malfunctioning . newline newline as the room watched on in horror consoles started beeping and flashing all over the control room . engineers were reporting in as each system on the lander was reporting in with critical failures . the scene in the middle of the room became even more terrifying . newline newline commander martin was shouting instructions and frantically working on his station . each of the men and women on the flight deck tightened their harnesses and began to frantically stab at their stations . the only thing that could have made the scene worse to watch would have been if there were sound coming through . it was like a silent film from hell . commander martin  s station was the only other means of communication the providence lander had with the control room . newline newline the screen to the right of the main monitor displayed the message feed from commander martin  s station . the message  approaching providence , all systems green.  was still displayed with a timestamp from 15 minutes prior . as the engineers in the control room watched on in horror commander martin  s final message came through : newline newline  all systems critical failure . engines non responsive . mayday . mayday . surface impact eminent . mayd  newline newline as the message ended on the monitor there was a blinding flash of light on the main monitor . several engineers shielded their eyes from the light . bolden  s gaze remained fixed on the screen as the bright white light turn to a strangely calm , dull black glow . newline newline  it  s gone . all contact with providence lander unresponsive.  droned stennes .every eva was practiced nearly to the point of actions being automatic , but there was something to be said for being outside , nothing between you and the void except a few layers of material . only the tether kept your orbit joined to the ship s , otherwise you d have your own , a little independent satellite going around the beautiful world below . newline newline step twelve on the checklist : translate out using a few well timed puffs from her maneuvering unit . the sound transmitted through her suit sounded nothing like science fiction . pop pop , a little a against her m , creating an f in that direction . newline newline step thirteen : wait out a timer . they said being out there would change you . they were right . a whole world below you , filled with billions of humans and billiontrillions of life besides . green and blue , white and brown . a warm , wet , living outpost in a universe that seemed to favor hot gas , sterile rock , and cold vacuum . newline newline beautiful . newline newline step fourteen : counter the velocity vector with her maneuvering unit . newline newline pop pop  bang newline newline the headsup display in her helmet immediately went wild . overvelocity warning . mu zero pressure warning , tank 2 . mu low pressure alert , tank 1 . suit integrity alert : emergency reserve active . she started planning what she would need to do , anything in space had to be planned when resources were measured in grams and distances in parsecs . newline newline tether disconnect warning newline newline she looked behind her , using a little mirror attached to her suit . somehow the impossible had happened , the backup to her backups , her last refuge in a time of trouble , was the tether broken and trailing behind . newline newline her ship radioed in , told her that her velocity vector was too fast for a spacewalker to come after her with an mu , that they were trying to work out an orbital maneuver for the whole ship but that it would be tricky to do it in time now that she was on her emergency reserve but that they would figure out something . newline newline she knew how much trouble she was in . she proposed using the last of her reaction mass to set her on a new vector . newline newline her captain told her no . newline newline she was going to do it anyway . she was nt going to die out in the void without seeing up close what she had come so far to see . newline newline    newline newline  commander , what the hell is that ?  called out mission specialist gabriel . newline newline the commander launched himself down the module to the cupola . the station had three of them , always occupied by two or three astronauts at a time  no one wanted to miss a second of the view . newline newline  houston , this is station ,  commander anderson called on his snoopy hat ,  we ve got something big headed towards the station , tracking show anything on our orbital path about as big as a person ? we re going to have some major trouble here if we run into something that big .  newline newline  negative , station ,  answered houston on the loop . newline newline  commander , look !  puffs of gas started coming from the object , which started to resolve into a humanlike form . newline newline  that thing slowed down , it could nt match our orbit precisely but it slowed down .  other station astronauts were gathering in the module . helena gabriel had a realization .  commander , if it s going where i think it s going , and if it stays on this side of truss b , and if it s not going any faster than i think it is , i might be able to catch it with juliet arm if i hurry to the controls right now .  newline newline  go set it up . good luck , helena .  newline newline    newline newline they had spent a generation in transit , but they had passed it in the dreamless sleep of hibernation . they were explorers , compelled by the call of life in the void to take a closer look . and so they went , sending sleeper ships and exploratory crews . here they found a spacefaring culture taking what looked like its third or fourth step into the ocean of stars , flags and two generations of equipment on the grey moon , a pair of orbiting stations going around a green earth . newline newline it was unlikely that she could be retrieved by her ship . they would have to get too close to the human station to rescue her in time . as she approached the station , she used the last of her maneuvering gas to slow her down , both to make sure she would nt damage the station if she hit it , and so she could get the best look possible . newline newline she saw them , though the transparent material on their station and through her helmet , unaided , in physical form and not from pirated broadcasts or through long telescopes . she perceived them directly with her own senses . newline newline she was the first of her kind to do that , she claimed it , no one else could have it . newline newline more warnings in her helmet now . but she felt a profound sense of peace . newline newline and then a lurch as she matched orbit to the station . newline newline    newline newline  got it !  cheers went around .  commander , that for all the world looks like a spacesuit , and some damaged equipment . but if that s a human then it s no human form that i ve ever seen .  newline newline he had to make a decision . commander anderson felt it , a kinship with a fellowtraveler of the void .  put it in airlock beta . dimitri , as soon as the outer door is closed , pressurize beta , and then get the hell out of mccool module , we re opening it up to vacuum as a precaution .  newline newline    newline newline she was coming back to consciousness . her shipmates must have done it . she focused in on status displays . zero on her emergency supply . breathing gas alert , oxygen 10  below nominal . no worse than a tall mountain peak , she thought . she focused out . newline newline this was not her ship . newline newline    newline newline the astronauts on station were speechless . they knew simply as probability that there was other life in the universe , certainly , and the galaxy almost as certainly . and somehow , someway , other life seemed to be sitting in a utility airlock on their station .  think it s ok to breathe ?  ryan , a science officer asked . newline newline  it s all we re able to do , maybe we re lucky ,  hitomi , the medical officer replied . newline newline  keep an eye on it ,  anderson said ,  rest of you , to the viewports , it had to have come from somewhere .  newline newline and so they were all looking outside when a ship as large as their station shimmered into view , like a romulan decloaking in star trek . newline newline the commander s snoopy hat came alive with an alien garble but there was rhythm to it , organization . language . two figures were emerging from a hatch on the ship , sameformed as the one in the station airlock . newline newline so began the new era for the humans of earth . newline newline    newline newline i collect my stories at rwpformei lined up the aging rocker in the sights of the scope . newline newline i m too old for this shit .  newline newline my hands were still steady although time told me otherwise . i breathed long , steady breaths before i clicked the call button on my earpiece . newline newline the man on the scope reached deep into his pockets . not recognizing the number he returned it from where it came . newline newline really ? you got ta be kidding me .  newline newline i groaned and dialed again . trying to focus the severity of the situation through the phone line . still , it was to no avail . the man returned the phone to his pocket and continued to wait for his ride . newline newline motherf , if he does nt answer this time i m shooting .  newline newline dial . newline newline finally his raspy , broken voice came over the line . newline newline  who is this ?  newline newline  i think you know mr tyler .  his face went pale as i watched him through my scope .  you asked for this , years ago . rather die a legend then become a relic . just like you , i came out of retirement for one last gig .  newline newline his panic eyes began to race around , looking for me although i knew he would nt .  where are you ?  he ventilated into the earpiece . newline newline  steady your breathin  lad . otherwise people might think you ve seen a ghost . you do nt want to seem the paranoid old man that you are .  i smiled , though he could nt see . newline newline  i take back the deal ! i take it back .  newline newline  ca nt do that lad , no refunds . i got payed so i got paid to cater the party , ca nt let the goods go to waste . a man s only as good as his word after all .  newline newline tears began to stream his face . he was an animal panicked , knowing these were his last few moments on earth . newline newline  i ll pay you more ! i ll pay you to back out .  newline newline my voice grew stern .  now that would be unprofessional lad . would nt want that tarnish on me reputation . are you ready for the last song ?  newline newline  no !  he shouted into the phone .  please !  newline newline sympathy struck me but i shooed it away and squeezed the trigger . the hiss of displaced air barely a whisper in the busy street . newline newline  dream on , mr tyler .  newline newline  newline you liked this ? newline newline check out my subreddit . newline rabdantaswrites newline newline or my book ! newline  winds   https : www.amazon.comwindselementaleyebook1ebookdpb018tgn8vo ? ieutf8  qid  reftmmkinswatch0  sr  newline newlinei felt my stomach knot , my limbs were numbing and my heart had stopped beating . i was still unsure if the commanding officer actually had issued the order , and jumped a little when the thunderous boom of the sergeant  s voice came from a few feet behind him , shouting at the commanding officer . i recognized the puzzled and horrified facial expressions of my fellow soldiers and realized i must have had just the same expression showing on my own face . wailing started to emerge when one of the villagers had translated the command to the rest of the inhabitants .  i said open fire on the villagers , is that understood ?  the commanding officer shouted , repeating his command . a collective , but hesitant  yes sir  could be heard across the town square and soldiers started to take aim.one platoon began herding people together , shooting those who didn  t comply and those who did . gunfire was getting louder and more frequent . the sergeant who had been standing close to me had gone over to the commander and was shouting at him to stop this madness . the commander not seeming to care , unholstered his pistol and without flinching he cocked the gun and blew out the brains of the sergeant . the message was clear , do as he said or end up like the sergeant . i took my gun of my back and hoisted it so i could aim . in my hands i had a deathbringer , a lifereleaver , an automatic delivery system of death and misery . i forced myself to become a machine , an insensitive warmachine who fulfilled the commanding officer  s perverted desire for violence . i walked over to the group of people now standing in a long line against the wall . i took aim and started firing . click , click , click , the sound of the mechanics in the gun was the only thing i heard . a grey concrete i was painting red was the only thing i could see . pain , sorrow , anger , sadness the only emotions i felt . i hated myself for not being brave enough to confront the commander like the sergeant had , but i was a coward . the wall behind the victims , the socalled enemies who threatened the western world  s existence by existing , was now chipped and red . screaming , crying and horrific noises weren  t coming from the inhabitants of the village , but from the soldiers pulling the triggers . i snapped out of my trancelike state when my gun stopped firing . no more ammo , and no more people . i sat down , let my tears blend with those of the villagers , cursing the commander , the western society , and god himself . not noticing i was on my back , the grey sky above blurred because of the tears in my eyes and i closed them . i laid there for a long time , sobbing , loathing , crying before i fell asleep .god , am i ever going to be able to clean up this town ? just last week there was a double on monclair , and the only reason i knew about it was because they were mine . this damn town simply does nt care . all they want is their double chocovanilla latte and to close their eyes as tightly as they can . not me . my eyes are open . newline newline fortunately this week it was only a single , which was a blessing for me since it was only half as much paperwork . it was nt a blessing for the twin that was left behind though . he sat at the desk in front of me , looking distraught . was that real or an act ? this town had me so fucked up i do nt even trust grief anymore . i opened up the file that we had on him . nickname was lefty and he d been in town for a little over a year . not much to look at , just your standard white . newline newline  so lefty  , mind if i call you lefty ?  newline newline  that s just a nick name , my real name is jo  newline newline  great , lefty it is . lets get right down to it . were you with righty  last night ?  newline newline righty was the poor mug who had gone missing . not the first and certainly not the last . newline newline  i was with righty at a spin club downtown called fastcycle . it was the last..  newline newline the kid was crying and snotting up like he had hay fever . hopefully he was nt actually allergic to the truth . newline newline  i already know he started there , and i also know where he ended up . gone . what i need is for you to connect the dots for me .  newline newline  you have to believe me , i do nt know nothing.he just disappeared !  newline newline  i do , i do , but a jury might not . why do nt you tell me what happened when you got to the club .  newline newline  you know how those clubs are . there packed solid , as soon as we made it through the front door i lost track of him . i only saw him once for the rest of the night . he was dancing with some pretty young thing in pink .  newline newline pink ! now we were onto something . the boys in this town usually do nt run with that sort . sexism is alive and well around here , with most places being boys clubs . newline newline  is that the only time you ve seen her ?  newline newline  no , i swear ! i ve never seen her before .  newline newline he looked nervous , there was something he was nt telling me . newline newline  you said you d never seen her before the club . what about since ?  newline newline now he was shaking like a dead leaf on a windy day . i was about to crack this case wide open . newline newline  i m not even sure it was her . after i left fastcycle , i went to relax at the hamper . all i saw was a flash of pink going by outside . i was just relaxing inside though , and could nt get a good view .  newline newline the hamper ? no one goes missing from the hamper ! what was going on . what was i mi newline newline  dear , are you day dreaming again ?  newline newline i turn away from the sock on the chair in front of me towards my wife . newline newline  haha yea i guess i was , do you need me ?  newline newline she hands me a white sock . could it be ? it was ! righty ! newline newline  i found a pair of my underwear in your hamper and must have grab this by mistake .  newline newline  oh thanks .  newline newline she walks out of the room with no idea at the life she had just saved . newline newline edit : commas and stuff .when i see my neighbors in the hall , i think to myself ,  i know what your sex sounds like .  newline newline the guy  he is a grunter . finishes loud and long , reminiscent of a man preparing to and then lifting a great weight above his head . the woman ... well , the woman is a little more particular . you can tell she requires an immense amount of specialized treatment . i will hear them in the thick of it , as it were , and then all of a sudden the sound of furniture being rearranged . or another time , they in situ of course , when they stopped and it sounded exactly as if they were running back and forth , sprinting really , the length of their living room . her vocalizations come in short , crescendoing burst . yet they repeat , 2 or three times , in identical length and intensity  they have been recorded . the sample size is conclusive  . does she have multiple orgasms ? or do these wailings signify something more complex ? coded instructions perhaps . newline newline it is possible that i am being unfair to the woman . these machinations might be the requirements of the male . but my roommate in college was a grunter  with an even greater decibel achievement if it can be believed  and they tend to be men of simple needs and desires . newline newline but they must have been in love . they fucked at all hours . 4am on a tuesday , 2pm on a sunday . i m coming home from work and they are running down the hall to their door , he already pulling his shirt above his head as she unlocked the door . newline newline this went on for 2 years . they improved the porch : wooden furniture , a box garden with basil and lavender , a citronella candle . i would be on my own bare porch , chain smoking and she would come out with the zinc watering can , a look of dismay on her face , he would come out a moment later with a beer , run his hand along the length of her back , chuck her under the chin a couple times and split a cigarette with me . newline  she drives me fuckin crazy  , he d say , smiling wide and gulping his beer . she d look over , hair in her face , and smile in a way that made a man take stock of his life . newline newline and then it stopped . for a whole month , i never heard a sound . not even a fight . the plants on the porch died . the wooden furniture was gone one day . newline newline i only heard them once more . it was early evening , and the sounds had a raw and unkind edge to it , like people in a panic , like a plan unraveling . that was the last time . newline end my suffering .  newline newline i have been handed many odd  requests in my past . exgirlfriends , employees after a raise , and even a mailman asking for this pesky fucking dog to die . i have never fulfilled a vendetta or some shit like that before . this seems more like begging than a paycheck . some rich stockbroker went quacky after years of failing at his job . came home after work and drank the day away , daily . one day he was all liquored up , did not notice his daughter was in the drive way on his return home . the bastard pleaded guilty . shit , i would have done this for free . old world by chriscold newline newline  i guess it is time , finally , you see newline time to become a man , like me . newline do not worry do not fear , newline all men heard what you now hear.  newline newline these words my father spoke , newline as at age fifteen i woke . newline newline  but first , a phrase of caution newline for in the green there is rotten .  newline newline i stared into his eyes , newline wondring if my demise newline lay within the darkest hours newline beyond grass hills and flowers . newline newline finally he said last , newline the pause in my heart passed . newline newline  where you go is dark and dreary , newline with a dull mist hanging dreary . newline where many child goes and cries , newline even a strong man s hope dies . newline through the mist , we hear no yell . newline men go in , they go through hell .  newline newline  . newline my first ever wp response , decided on a poem . critique highly appreciated . 2.1  newline newline i sighed . newline newline 2.1 was better . it was nt good enough . newline newline but it was a start . newline newline i hated this system . everyone could tell i was smart . everyone always asked me  why do nt you try harder . you know more about this subject than any of the other students .  newline newline i wanted to punch every last one of them . newline newline i wanted to say  if you want me to succeed , you ll have to change the system ! i am not failing because i am not trying . i am failing because i am at a significant disadvantage . my classmates have the precision to write by hand . i do not . newline newline my disadvantages are not sufficiently addressed . because i am smart  , no one believes that i need as much help to get where i should be as i do . moreover , because systems to help those who need it are almost always set up to allow students to produce average results , they do nt do me any good .  newline newline but i never did . newline newline i just apologized . i could nt fight every person i ever met . i pretended that i just . did nt . care .  and in that sense , i fit into their preconceptions . a student that did nt care . newline newline that was a thing they understood . so they thought they understood me , and they did nt spend time focusing on the thing that was my greatest shame . newline newline perhaps they would have done something if i d let them in . newline newline but ... when it began , i was afraid . newline newline somewhere along the line , i d lost my ability to pretend not to care . newline newline i d started taking online classes . newline newline and today , i d seen the first results . newline newline a little , tiny uptick in my gpa . newline newline i could feel the noose of being without a future loosing a little as i saw the number change . newline newline but for the first time in my life , i did nt feel ashamed of that number . newline newline i was angry . because i knew now that it was truly never my fault at all . newline newline  for anyone wondering , this is nt entirely fiction . my own person experiences with junior high school were largely those of struggling with my adhd and inability to write by hand , which , together , meant that i almost never turned in homework , even though i probably did enough that i could do decently in the classes , i always lost all of it , or had to maintain incredibly complicated systems of organization to do basically a thing another student would only need a notebook to do , which caused me to fail throughout junior high . newline newline my failures in college , however , i place squarely on my own shoulders , largely on my expectation that i would fail . the fork clattered to the floor . sighing , the girl tipped her tricorn hat back and stretched for the errant cutlery , all the while spinning the knife in her right hand . newline a gust of disapproving warm air batted the hat to join the fork , and she looked up to the great maw of taras . newline child . do not spin your cutlery . it is undignified .  newline a sigh escaped his lips , bearing the loss of patience in the zephyr . newline the girl gathered her hat , the fork and an attempt at dignity and sat back up . primly posing , back straight , she twirled the knife a final rotation before setting it back to the table . newline and the hat , too .  newline  i believe you told me that ladies  the last word dripping with honeyed contempt  were allowed to wear hats to the table ?  newline indeed . but small ones , fascinators .  not large sailing hats . nor is exposing the tongue an appropriate form of showing displeasure .  newline returning her tongue to the confines of her mouth , she used it for its proper use .  but i m bored . besides , i know table etiquette .  this time the dragon s snort flickered with flame . newline prove it .  newline  fine , i shall . the cutlery , you work from the outside , in . elbows off the table . chew with your mouth closed.the port is passed to the port . no sea shanties or fist fights at the table . the captain carves . there  all a lady needs for table etiquette .  newline i do not believe the last two are required amongst politer society newline the girl s face screwed up in puzzlement .  wot , you mean that fist fights are allowed at the table ? what a strange lot .  this time , she was ready for the burst of warm air as taras  laugh filled the hall . newline very well . your knowledge is acceptable . marginally .  newline the girl leapt up and buckled on the cutlass hanging from the back of the chair . she ran from the cave , down the coastal cliffs to the ship anchored in the sheltered cove below . her eyes squinted against the sun , remembering the conversation from last week .  i m sorry , lass  the captain had explained  the deal is for the dragon to guard our treasure , and he s decided that means you .  her protests were silenced by his raised hands .  i know lass , but when we ... err ... rescued you , we did not understand the magnitude of the situation . until your uncle stops sending assassins , you need to be protected .  newline  besides  he said with a grin  it s not every princess with a dragon for a tutor a young and hopeful bird embarks on an epic quest , an extraordinary specimen of the shining race of flappy birds . this bird does not care what others think , what others will do , that others will laugh . this bird finds his way through all the obstacles life throws at him . there might come a situation so dire that even the strongest man would give up and turn , but our bird would face the odds and just keep on flapping , keep on flapping like there is no tomorrow . and why ? he does it because he believes with all his heart it is the right thing to do . our flappy lives to carry on , to do what is right and just keep on going . i believe we could all learns lessons from this bird , valuable lifelessons that could make the world a better place if we were to just open our eyes and learn from these lessons , if we would just keep on going with all our heart . newline newline this bird has done it . this bird has followed his dream , the american dream , and become the emblem of an entire generation . how ? he just kept going . just like you and me will , after having our lives inspired by this bird . newline newline we salute you , oh flappiest of all birds .madelyn story part 4 newline newline chanyeol walked down a old familar path . he was thinking about ... . newline he walked in his new favorite cafe . he noticed there were less people here than usual . he ordered his usual . then he saw his friend , madelyn sitting alone looking out at the window . he slid in the seat eager to say hello .  hi madelyn !  he almost shouted.the cashier looked at him . he apolegtic nodded . madelyn turned to him ,  oh , hey chanyeol  she said .  did you like the party ?  he asked .  yeah , it was nice ,  she answered drearily . chanyeol smiled , he was pleased with himself .  i suppose you left early because you had to study .  he said .  yeah ,  she said plainly .  or something like that  she thought . madelyn eyebrows furrowed ,  can i ask you something ?  .  sure  he answered . she paused for a brief second . chanyeol skimmed his mind of possible things she could ask . finally she asked ,  what was the first thing you noticed about me ?  . chanyeol did nt expect that , he thought it over .  why would you ask that ?  he asked curiously .  i asked you first  she said playfully with a hint of bitterness .  well.. ,  he said scratching the back of his head , trying to find the words .  why did i start talking to her ? ... she was new  i found out she was smart  funny    he stopped thinking before he admits his feelings to himself .  i never saw a foreigner in this cafe before , so i said hello .  he said .  oh , ok  she said as she frowned . chanyeol did nt expect a negative reaction . he tried to lighten the mood  what did you think of me ?  he asked .  i ... do nt know , i could nt really see you  she giggled . she became serious again .  what do you think of me ?  she asked .  what does she mean by that ?  he blushed at the thought .  what do you mean ?  he asked .  like , am i ... your friend ?  she asked.madelyn was thinking on what to say then added ,  like we re ...  she gestured with her hands going back and forth between them . chanyeol was unsure by what she meant .  is this some sort of confession ... .american style ?  he thought .  friends ?  he guessed .  well , yeah but..  madelyn said , then added  not special friends , or anything like that .  chanyeol did nt quite understand , to him a friend is a friend  do you want to come hang out at s.m ?  he asked .  no thanks , i have to study , more often now ... but thanks for offering . bye chanyeol .  then she left . newline confused , he went back to s.m . chanyeol sat down and sighed . nunchucks wizzed over his head , but chanyeol did nt give it any attention.tao came in soon after , followed by baekhyun .  hey , chanyeol .  he said as he retrieved his weapon .  hey , man is something wrong ?  he asked .  madelyn is acting different ,  chanyeol answered .  that could mean she likes you ,  tao teased .  of course she does , were friends ,  chanyeol stated.tao rolled his eyes , knowing how chanyeol could be oblivious to his emotions sometimes .  what do you mean by different ?  asked baekhyun . suho  sehun walked in to get water .  well , she said we were friends ,  chanyeol leaned back in his chair  but not special friends .  baekhyun and tao looked at one another , relizing how innocent their friend must be .  a friend is a friend , right ?  chanyeol asked .  well ...  baekhyun said trying to explain .  seems to me , you got turned down ,  said sehun walking over with a cup of water .  do nt you have something better to do ?  chanyeol asked annoyed with the constant teasing .  i did nt on the night of the party , i was so bored i talked to whatsherface ,  sehun said cooly .  she was pretty , but not my type . i don  t know why she would talk to someone like you  tao saw that chanyeol s ear tips were red . chanyeol s facial features darkened , wiping away his baby face .  what ?  he asked .  i might of told her a few things ... let s just say , for the better .  sehun replied.  you little  chanyeol was held back by tao and baekhyun .  ya ! calm down !  yelled tao .  your the reason she is acting this way !  chanyeol exclaimed.he then tried to calm down by sitting . tao  baekhyun looked at each other then at sehun .  maybe if she really liked you she would nt have believed me so easily ,  he answered wanting a reaction . anger filled chanyeol again . he stood up , and walked towards him .  that s enough !  said suho , coming between them.  we are exo , were not going to start problems with each other ,  he stated . chanyeol sighed looking down at him . he knew he was right . he walked toward the door.  where are you going ?  asked the leader .  for a walk  chanyeol answered bitterly . the door shut behind him . the room was silent . everyone looked at sehun . he forced a cheesy smile .  what is wrong with you ?  asked baekhyun . newline   maybe if she really liked you , she would nt have believed me so easily ,   echoed through his mind .  like me as a friend or..  he thought . chanyeol did nt know what he wanted anymore .  i ll probably never see her again ,  he thought to himself.he thought maybe it was best if he forgot about madelyn . newline newline madelyn was coming home one day from college . she stopped at a balcony looking over river .  fancy seeing you here .  madelyn turned to see sehun .  oh , hey ,  she answered gloomily . sehun frowned knowing he could be responsible for her current state . he walked over to her , leaning over the balcony , looking into the water .  i have to tell you something ,  he said with his eyes fixed on the water .  what is it ?  she asked .  i lied .  he turned to her face . madelyn  s face was unreadable .  i  m sorry , sometimes i do things and i do nt think about how the other person feels ,  he said . madelyn was still speechless . feeling uneasy and the tension in the air , he said  i hope i did nt ruin anything ,  he smiled weakly.  no .  she said .  you did nt .  she said firmly . sehun was taken a back a little . the way chanyeol treated her made him think that she could take a hint .  chanyeol is just a friend , and i m here to study .  she added . sehun wondered if she was in denial , then said  ok..i have to go work on promotions .  he left madelyn to ponder.she ignored her thoughts in order to hang out with her friends . newline newline newline sam wanted to go to a bowling alley , and madelyn agreed so that is where they hung out next . that night ...  well , well , well , guys should we have a challenge ?  reanna asked .  what should it be ?  asked sam .  loser buys us hoddeok .  exclaimed madelyn .  kai , kai , bo !  they said . sam went first and had a gutter ball . the rest of the group booed . madelyn went next and knocked down two pins . group booed again .  you did nt do any better , sam !  she yelled . they all laughed . it was a close game , but sam lost .  thanks sam  they said .  it s the least i can do  she sarcasticly .  its a shame we ca nt meet more often ,  reanna said.  the next time we meet , will probably be at our weddings ,  sam said . they all chuckled .  immediate love ,  said sam .  what s that ?  asked reanna raising an eyebrow .  the feeling one gets when they suddenly know they have the right one ,  she said while sighing .  well , at least that s what my professor said ,  she confirmed . there was a quick moment of silence . to madelyn it felt like an eternity . her memory flashed back to him , to chanyeol .  he took time out of his day to spend with me  he is an idol .  she thought to herself.  idols are busy to say the least ,  sehun..  she frowned . she thought that maybe it would be to late to find him and where would she start . something in her gut told her to try .  i got ta go , its..uh ... important  madelyn said as she rushed out the joint . newline newline newline newline what do you think is in there ?  asked tom . newline newline  how the hell would i know  i replied , as i was looking over the box for any indication as to what we were gazing at . newline newline while walking through my grandparent  s woods , trying to find the perfect campsite , my best friend tom and i stumbled upon a box . it wasn  t just an ordinary box . as i held it in my hands , the weight nearly caused me to fall down with it . how could something that was smaller than a tissue box weigh so much ? newline newline  what language is that in ? it looks alien !  newline newline  i don  t know , tom . if i had to guess , i would say that it is probably from the middle east or something . all i know is that i want to open it !  newline newline i couldn  t figure out how to open it . tom had suggested that it must be some type of secret relic sort of thing , but i laughed all of that nonsense off . why would something like that be in my grandparent  s woods , here in the middle of pennsylvania ? newline newline  open sesame !  newline newline  shut up , tom . this isn  t a cave or anyth.  suddenly the box flew open . newline newline  i knew it would work !  newline newline  my finger slipped over this button here , you idiot . nice try ,  i said , with a scowl on my face . i really do give tom a hard time , and he doesn  t deserve it . he isn  t the smartest guy around , but he  s kind hearted enough . i guess you can say that he is the type of person who usually plays the role of a doormat , and with my take charge attitude he  s the type of person i like to have around . i  ve always thought of him as my side kick in a way . putting it all like that makes me sound like a terrible person , but it  s just the way it  s always been . we were neighbors growing up and we  ve been a team ever since . there always needs to be a leader of a team , right ? it just so happens to be me . newline newline we both looked into the box and before us was what looked like a small , square remote control that only had one button on it , a red button . newline newline we had both were thinking the same thing because at the same time we both exclaimed  should we push it ?  newline newline i stood in silence with the button in my hand , going over in my head what the end result of pushing it would be . it  s probably just a toy of some sort , so why am i putting so much thought into it ? tom broke the silence by saying  just push it already ! what  s the worst that could happen ?  newline newline  isn  t that what they say in the horror movies before something terrible happens ?  my eyes have still not left the button . why am i so drawn to it ? it  s like it  s telling me to push it , begging for it almost . newline newline  this isn  t a horror movie , dude . we are in your grandparent  s woods , on the outskirts of a farm town with a population of thirtytwo . the biggest thing to ever happen in this area is john phillips selling his tractor last year . just push the stupid thing so we can get the tent set up before nightfall  . newline newline tom was making a lot of sense , and that troubled me . usually i  m the one making enough sense for the both of us . he was right , though . it  s just a stupid button , what  s the worst that could happen ? i look up and give tom a reassuring smile , cluing him in that i know what i  m doing . as soon as he gave me a smile of approval back , i pressed the red button . newline newline nothing happened . we waited in silence for several moments , but nothing happened . newline newline  what a bummer !  tom shrugged as he picked up the camping supplies . newline newline  let  s go , tom . the best spot to set up is just right up there , near the creek  . i said as i tossed the button and we began to continue our walk . newline newline later that night , as we sat by the fire roasting marshmallows , tom and i discussed what we thought the button was going to do . we both had crazy ideas as to what we hoped would happen . tom had wished that it was a pager of sorts to a genie , who would come and grant us all sorts of wishes . my idea wasn  t as farfetched as his . i explained to him that i thought it was a detonator to a bomb somewhere . newline newline i got up to grab the graham crackers to complete the smores . tom asked me to grab him a bottle of water while i was up . we sat by the fire , eating our treats as we discussed other possibilities of what the button could have been connected to . all the while , we were unaware of the eyes watching us on the other side of the creek . for we had unknowingly called upon this evil and awoken it from its slumber , and now it was here to feast and sleeping for centuries makes you hungry . newlinemy master had ordered me up the mountain to speak to an old slave of his stable on the subject of cavalry tactics . the humans had fought no one but eachother for over 100 years , so not even their wisest generals remembered how to effectively combat the new endari hordes coming from the north . newline newline sendak was a wise old dragon , possibly the oldest of us still alive . he was withered and broken , and it had been years since he was last able to bear a saddle . but , he had carried my master  s grandfather into many battles , so he held an affection for the desiccated old lizard and valued his counsel . newline newline sendak greeted me warmly , but wasn  t interested in talking about military matters . newline newline  did you know the humans were once our slaves ?  newline newline i sighed impatiently , since i  d heard that before . it was an old wishfulfillment legend that eager adolescents would repeat to themselves as they bristled against their enslavement , before their petty rebellions were inevitably put down . i was surprised to hear it from someone as respectable as sentak however , so i kept listening . newline newline  we created them to serve us . i was alive when we first began making them . we made them with puny minds and fragile bodies . ponderous little minds totally incapable of magic or philosophy , no breath , no natural armor of weapons of any kind . newline newline we did give them able hands though . they were to tend our cattle and mine our mountains . we designed them to reproduce like rodents so that they could be easy to replace.  newline newline i fought not to lose patience with sendak . it was no insight to point out that individual humans were weak . but they ruled the world for a reason . newline newline the old dragon continued  but for all our intellect , we miscalculated . we made them better than us in a way we couldn  t understand at the time . newline we could never have known what able hands and a high birth rate together would mean . how could we have ? there was never an intelligent race that can produce able warriors as they do . i  ve sired 8 kin in my 8,000 years , and have less than 100 living descendants . even the endari only create young once or twice a century . newline newline but , a single man will have sired millions of descendants in my time . even if only one in ten picks up a bow , and one of us could defeat a thousand of them at a time , we would still be outnumbered by more than a hundred to one . newline newline we had created our future masters without even knowing it  newline several years ago , an enterprising american prospector set his eyes upon a questionably active volcano and said to himself , i want to drill a hole in that .  newline newline  that man , aaron pershing , is in a hospital now . i  ve been told that he is lucid enough today to be watching our broadcast , though his life had been in serious danger until just last month . for that , i congratulate him , and wish him a speedy recovery . newline newline  everyone in attendance hereand most people who aren  tis familiar with pershing  s story . hell , cnn hasn  t reported on anything else since januaryperhaps with the exception of that missing airplane . bear with me , however , because for the sake of a grandiose presentation i intend to summarize the events of and after january 12 this year . newline newline  on the twelfth of january , pershing and nearly a dozen miners in his employ were flown to an australian hospital from the east coast of tanzania . all of them had gone into convulsions , experienced severe seizures after having dug hundreds of meters below mount kilimanjaro . they were discovered within hours by their coworkers and dragged from that illconceived pit , which was then supposed to be full of noxious gas . newline newline  the mine was abandoned for a week , after which researchers from the university of queensland were hired to identify the gas that the miners had inhaled . this was because the miners , pershing included , had not yet ceased their violent convulsions . not once . for a week . as you might imagine , the men were put on a highcalorie diet in addition to their other treatments . newline newline  but the queenslanders didn  t detect anything at all extraordinary in the air of the mine . on the contrary , its breathability was excellent . a few of them removed their masks as they walked deeper into the earth , perhaps hoping for a glimpse of the same veins of valuable metal that pershing had been searching for . this was their misfortune , as when the group reached the end of the shaft it was only the maskless among them who fell to the ground , just as the miners had . the restat least , the ones not immediately concerned with their companions  health , the bastardscaught sight of something on the far wall . newline newline  it was gold . strange , though  it had taken the natural shape of a ninetydegree angle . the next day , after the students and researchers struck with seizures were shipped back to australia , a few of those who remained went back into the mine , tools in hand , to strike it richor , as you  d hear them tell it , to  examine the area more thoroughly.  newline newline  three days later , it was clear that pershing and his men hadn  t just struck gold beneath kilimanjaro . they had struck god . newline newline  the ark of the covenant can not be viewed with bare eyes . the sight of it , even through a mask or lens , can induce vomiting , muscle spasms , or a nervous flight response . news organizations have been forced to treat their camera operators for ptsd , and star reporters have been ordered to remain distant due to their being soulless , unholy entities . yet , thankfully , the ark has not yet proved deadly . newline newline  you are already as familiar with its exterior as you are with the screen of your television : cherubim on the top , esoteric runes and hieroglyphs along the sides , all covered with immaculate gold leafleaf , i say , not plate . moses apparently didn  t want to spring for it , which is proof to us all of something that we have known for millennia : moses was a jew . newline newline  inside the ark of the covenant were five things : a stone tablet covered with indecipherable writing , a sealed parchment scroll , a mound of ash thought to have once been the rod of aaronthe biblical one , not the convulsive oneand two earthenware jars . it is concerning one of these jars that i have called you all here today . newline newline  naturally and justifiably , israel sued for the possession of the ark and all of its contents . the queenslanders , however , were credited with the discovery , and after a long legal and philosophical battle that i  m sure all of us will be grateful to forget , the contents were divided thusly : newline newline  to the israelis was granted the tablet and a promise of the ark , to be handed over by australia after it has been thoroughly examined and the secret to curing its victims is revealed . the scroll was sent to be deciphered in england , after which it will undoubtedly make a world tour as a holy relic , owned by no one nation . the mound of ash was not removed from the ark , as hoovering it up is apparently too much trouble , and so it , too , is in australia . finally , the earthenware jars were sent to americato yale university , where i am a lead researcher of biological science focused on dna mapping . newline newline  inside one of the jars was a pale , sticky substancelikely the  manna  described in the old testament . the examination of this did not concern me at all , and the results of that examination were revealed in july by my partner and friend , doctor janet schrader . those results do not require repeating here , not just because they have been repeated endlessly from july until now , but because i am excited to reveal the results of my own carefullyguarded research and overshadow her accomplishments completely . newline newline  the second jarthe one not mentioned in any of the ancient texts , though its age has been confirmed to be contemporary with the rest of the arkcontained twentyeight tiny seeds . my laboratory made headlines last year for our research on retroviruses in fruit trees , so we were the popular choice to receive it . i was tasked with identifying these seeds by their dna , based on a certain outlandish guess . nobody thought it possible to identify them by any other means . newline newline  but we can . we planted them , and they grew . and as it turned out , i believe that outlandish guess is correct : what we cultivated in our laboratory is none other than the forbidden fruit of legend , first grown in the garden of eden . newline newline  i have it here with me , and i will show it to you all today : the fruit that contains the knowledge of good and evil , responsible for the fall of man from god  s grace . newline newline  but first , an anecdote . several days after we began our research on the seeds  dna , the answer was already apparent . this is why we never released any images of the seedsafter we had identified them , as sometimes happens with riddles like these , the answer seemed glaringly obvious . we could have published our results just then , to the satisfaction of the world . but i decided against it . newline newline  i remembered a quote from an article written by francis crick of watson and crick , the men who exposed the helical structure of dna :  a scientific discovery is more akin to a work of art than is generally admitted . styleis as important as content.  newline newline  and so we waited for the plant to grow , and to bear fruit . we knew the risks  we might have been forced to wait years , until the news of the ark had long died down , before the dramatic reveal . one of us might have been tricked into saying too much before too long . but , as luck would have it , neither we nor you were kept waiting very long at all . perhaps it is god  s will , or the inherent magic of the seeds , but their growth was accelerated . we had fruit in as little as half a year . newline newline  do not worrynone of us have eaten of it . we haven  t needed to , as you will soon find out . we are currently taking bids for the first bite of the forbidden fruit , and for tastes of the first cropbut to develop the most valuable taste , of which adam and eve partook , and for which they and their progeny were doomed , will take a little while longer . newline newline  ladies and gentlemen of the world , behold the fruit that was and remains the source of mankind  s folly . newline newline  it is the wine grape.  newlineit s not the people that kill you . not the bullets or the bats or knives . it s the silence . that hopeless depression that seeps into your very core . that s why i like to keep a pistol , safety off , at all times . just in case one of the others tries to lighten up the mood with a suicide . i ve gotten good at guns out of hands at this point . newline newline of course , that ruins their gun , but it s worth it to keep them alive . not that we re really alive anymore . the virus is taking it s course in all of us , changing our body to metal . my left leg can kick through a wall at this point , and whatever controlls the metal death is nt letting up . soon enough i ll be one of the walkers that wander around collecting scrap for the new american state . since we re all not fully transformed yet , any metalheads we find try to capture us , to speed our transformation . newline newline luckily for us , they have shit aim . so here we are , outside the ruins of the statue . we ll get a boat . go to europe . escape . die where they cant reach us . it s all we can do . it s what we have to do . the resistance wo nt take us . we wo nt die for the metalheads . so we fight the silence inside us until we re far enough out to sea . then we can off ourselves where we ca nt come back to serve the virus . we ca nt be free . but we wont be slaves .she looks up . a figure is walking towards her , a medal in hand . newline newline she blinks newline newline she is standing alone in a playground , unfamiliar soil . the heat is oppressive . she hears someone approach from behind . newline newline she blinks newline newline she is back in the room , someone is pinning something on her lapel . the figure speaks .  congratulations soldier .  newline newline she blinks newline newline the person behind her taps her on the shoulder , she turns around . it is a young boy . the boy smiles , she returns it . newline she is a young girl . they walk towards a slide . newline newline she blinks newline newline there are cameras in the room , they are pointed at her . the room is quiet except for the occasional cleared throat . the man in front of her takes her hand , maneuvers them towards the cameras , starts smiling . she does the same . newline newline she blinks newline newline she is the girl again . it is summer , the heat is even more oppressive . she is with a boy , the same boy as before , but older . they are both teens . the boy leans over , kisses her . they both smile . newline newline she blinks newline newline pop , pop , pop . the cameras flash , the man still smiles , grips her hand . there are reporters in the room . they ask questions at an alarming rate . to her right is a pulpit , she is expected to speak . newline newline she blinks newline newline she is standing in front of a train . the newspapers in the stand next to her speak of war . the boy is there . they share a sad , desperate kiss . she boards the train . newline newline she blinks newline newline she makes her way to the pulpit . she clears her throat , scratches her head . she draws breath , and begins to speak . newline newline she blinks newline newline she is on a dusty field , doing jumping jacks . all around her are men an women in camouflage . they are doing exercises of all sorts . a man walks towards her , screaming profanities . she does more jumping jacks . newline newline she blinks newline newline the words get stuck in her throat . in front of her are dozens of expectant faces , millions more behind the cameras . she scrambles for words desperately . newline newline she blinks newline newline it is a cloudy day . she and five other soldiers are storming up a beach . at its end lies a hill , and on that hill a figure . they are storming , shouting . on her right a man goes down , the ground around him speckled red . seconds later another soldier falls . newline newline she blinks newline newline their looks are turning questioning . the silence is too long now . desperately she tries to find something to say , anything . she looks around hoping for a reprieve . none is given . newline newline she blinks newline newline she is the last one charging . all the others have fallen , five bodies on a lonely beach . she knows it is hopeless . she keeps charging . a shot rings , and impact on her right sends sand flying . seconds later another shot , an impact , pain , blackness . newline newline she blinks newline newline there are looks of concern now , pointed coughing . she is still looking for the right words . she opens her mouth , closes it again . there are no words . well , you certainly seem to be qualified . i just have one more question , and i apologize for being so blunt , but why are you even applying to this position ?  newline newline newline the slight , blackhaired man inclines his head , the gesture graceful and understated .  i have great respect for the law , and to be honest , i m not quite ready to retire yet . i knew there was an opening here , so i thought i d give it a try .  newline newline newline  you re not an old soldier , though . no reason for vengeance in your file . an educated man from the north ... you could do better than this , and it s not like we pay particularly well . so what , then , drives you to ...  newline newline newline  to kill ? let me assure you , i find no pleasure in extinguishing human life . but i do believe the current method is a bit ... messy . and i think we can do better . nobody enjoys a public hanging . i will make things people enjoy .  newline newline newline  but you find no pleasure in it . what , then , is enjoyable ?  newline newline newline  death itself is not enjoyable . i am growing old , you know , i should know that well by now . but if it is done with finesse , with creativity , well ... i think there is a lot of room for improvement , as i said .  newline newline newline  ah , i see . a visionary . well , no torturing allowed . quick , clean death . if you can promise me that , you re hired .  newline newline newline  of course . thank you for this opportunity , mr . bannock .  newline newline newline  the pleasure is all mine , mr . poe .  newline newline newline something flickers in his eyes , and then it is gone . newlinea bright light illuminated my workshop suddenly , causing me to drop my tools on the table in front of me . a figure appeared at the opposite side of the small room , encased within a surreal shadow in the middle of the blinding light . slowly the light faded , as i made out the visitor . it was me . newline newline  whwhat are you what am i ... ?  i stumbled , unsure if i could even blink anymore . newline newline  i m you from the future ,  the other me said . he appeared slightly older than i remembered from my mirror that morning . newline newline  so it works ?  i ask , wondering how else i would be there . newline newline  yes , it works ,  he answered , obviously wondering why would i ask such a thing . newline newline  but why are you here ?  i asked , just noticing i was nt as happy as i would expect from meeting myself . not me , the other me . i was dazed but ecstatic . the other me seemed like he had been crying .  are you ok ?  i asked myself . newline newline his eyes widened , but then quickly relaxed .  it s fine , but i just came to the wrong time .  newline newline  you did nt mean to meet me here ?  newline newline  no , this is too late .  his voice became cold .  my work can still be recovered if i do it here .  newline newline  do what here ?  i asked , not sure i wanted to know the answer . newline newline the other me just stared as he pulled out a handheld device , much smaller than my phone . upon pressing some buttons on the screen , the bright light returned enveloping him again until he quickly disappeared from the room . i m not sure why , but i ran into the area of his departure before the light faded and everything went black . newline newline i came to what seemed like hours later to find myself in my workshop , but i was nt alone . the other me or some other other me was lying on the ground by the table , gasping for air . newline newline  what happened ?  i asked running to my side frantically .  did ... i do this to you ?  newline newline  it s all wrong ,  he said , clutching his chest . blood trailed around him , seeping through his closed fist .  none of this makes sense .  newline newline before i could speak , i noticed something odd . he did nt look younger than me . he was older .  you re the me that i just met , are nt you ?  newline newline  yes ,  he started , spitting up some blood .  i pulled out my knife , but he grabbed it out of my hand and stabbed me before i could get to him .  newline newline  but why ?  i yelled , desperate to understand why i would attempt to kill myself . newline newline  you try to fix one thing ,  he trailed off , his eyes losing focus . he became still and my mind turned into override . newline newline this was me . i go back in time to kill myself , but my past self kills me instead . that s my future . but wait , where am i ? the first me ? newline newline  do nt even try it ,  a voice called behind me .  i do nt know why you guys came back , but i m not letting you kill me  newline newline i turned around to see a much younger version of myself standing in the doorway , wielding a bloody knife in one hand and the handheld device in the other . he pushed a button and the light filled the room once again . a few moments later , i was alone .they did not come in peace . they did not seek our friendship , or knowledge or culture . they cared nothing for our women or nature . they were plastic . and they just wanted our planet . newline newline their ship sped through our system , leaving a faint neutrino trail . they have spent a lot of time traveling the vast blackness of space . they had a plan to take us out too . a complex plastic nanoparticle to choke us . they were sure they would win . but luck was on humanity s side that day . a collision with a mexican news satellite damaged their ship , sending them , burning , into the atmosphere . what little of them that survived ended up in a recycling plant . they were melted , reshaped , recast . it took them a very long time to understand their new form and how powerless they were until luck would have then back in recycling , where they could join again and start their plans once more . newline newline but for now , they waited , patiebtly biding their time . newline newline the lights turned off in the small office room . humans left . and on the desk , a lonely plastic plate sat waiting . newline newline waiting .zooey and lodai rest in the upper branches of the trees of wisdom . zooey is approached by an eagle . newline newline  do you remember that hairlipped motherfucker in that scouting party that got away with that big rock of silver ?  zooey asks . newline newline  wild guess , he s back with an army ?  lodai respond as he lazily pulls a rusty sword from the tree . newline newline zooey pulls out her floot and says  no , it s worse . ask the eagle . he ll give you the details .  newline newline the eagle perches on lodais back he has a vision of horned men in silver clothing on elephant and rhino backs , tearing out the library of wisdom trees and commanding baboons with torches . newline newline zooey summons the bees . her floot makes a buzzing sound and hives sprout out of the trees . newline newline  good idea . you protect the roof and i ll get the floor .  says lodai as he leaps to the floor . newline newline the sound of elephants ripping trees out of the ground can be heard as lodai brings mist out of the grassy carpet of the forest with every step . newline newline baboons with torches frantically fall from the trees . they are preoccupied with stinging bees . lodai pays very little attention to them . the floor is getting swampy enough for the crocodiles to emerge . newline newline the soft soil makes the elephants and rhinos job easier to rip out the trees . but they ll get trapped in the mud as it slowly turns into quicksand . newline newline zooey s voice echoes through the forest  cut it the fuck out lodai ! it s a fucking trap !  newline newline the swamp begins to leak oil . the swamp catches fire quickly . all can smell the crocodile and baboon flesh . newline newline lodai summons a blizzard . it creates a tornado of fire that he launches at the horned men in silver clothes . newline newline his arm catches fire , burning through his fleshy exterior , and exposing the burning embers on his wooden interior . newline newline zooey sprouts a rusty ax head out of her floot as she leaps from a tree and hacks off lodai s arm . newline newline the hairlipped motherfucker emerges from the fire with a silver ax and says  look at what i made out of that rock i found in your river . i gave your stupid rock a purpose . a reason to exist . your kind only serve to protect uselessness  newline newline zooey relies  i kept it free . you made it your bitch . if it wanted to be an ax head , it would be an ax head .  newline newline  rocks do nt want anything , because they do nt think  he says as he raises his ax . newline newline the ax head crumples to stone and the handle twists into a gnarly branch before he can swing it . newline newline  looks like the rocks and sticks have made their decision , they do nt fucking like you .  zooey says . newline newline the horned men in silver clothes turn into rocks . the elephants and rhinos crawl out of the mud and wander around freely . the baboons pick fruit . newline newline the hairlipped motherfucker tries his best to fight her , but ca nt land a punch .  what about my free will bitch !  he says as zooey passively walks away . are you a god ?  gozer s voice rasped . electricity and unearthly power swirling her body . newline newline ray looked to his compatriots then to venkman in particular . he nodded . it did make sense , after all . newline newline  yes . yes i am .  ray replied . newline newline the terror dogs zuul and vinz looked both incredulous and menacing at the same time . gozer gave a strained tired laugh . newline newline  are you now .  it was more statement than question . newline newline ray continued the bluff . it was the only move . newline newline  consider it : i have dominion over thousands of souls . i can control where they go , what they do . it is only under my will that they could ever be truly be free .  newline newline ray paused . was he actually beginning to buy his own story ? venkman stepped forward . newline newline  that s right , lady . we are a quorum of gods .  he paused .  quorum is four , right ?  newline newline  it s actually latin for of whom  .  spangler spoke up .  i think the phrasing you were seeking was quartet .  newline newline  quartet ! of course . like a barbershop .  venkman smiled .  we are a barbershop of gods , i ll have you know . earlier today we were on our way to stop you , as gods are wont to do when another god tries stepping on their turf ... but a lower level god got in our way . you could tell he was a god because he did nt have a dick .  newline newline gozer cackled . it was true , gods were without genitalia . newline newline  a good story .  gozer replied .  but it sounds like just a story . you ...  gozer pointed a glowing finger at winston .  you ve been quiet . prove to me you re a god . shed your earthly finery .  newline newline  my what ?  winston gasped . newline newline  she wants to inspect your genitalia or lack thereof .  replied spangler , amused . newline newline  oh no no . that s at least the third date . i like to take my time before a reveal .  winston replied . newline newline      newline newline the rest of the story , as they say , is history . a short battle raged on the building top . a massive creature made of marshmallow and a fierce attitude demolished part of the city . in the end our fearless foursome proved victorious . they would repeat this string of victory for years to come . they would reside in history as saviors ... if only their legacy was nt tarnished by another barbershop of lesser goddesses .i sat outside the house every night . her house . starring toward the venetian drapes in the corner room of her ranch . knowing that i could never be with her . newline newline i had repainted my car from that faithful night , the night where i would save her essence . changing my honda civic from silver to black took four cans of spray paint but it was worth it . i was a hero , an angel sent to take care of her . newline i never thought blood would splatter on a windshield like that . it was thicker , more like maple syrup than the blood capsules i was used to as a child . i guess hitting anyone , even a grown man , would of exploded like that . newline newline evan was never right for her . he would of doomed her to life of normalcy . he was middle management . she was a star , a beacon of light in an infinitely black life . i knew she was meant for more so i knew what had to be done . to release her from her shackles . so i did . and it looked like maple syrup . newline newline so why was she still crying ? it had been eight weeks since i found out my civic could go 60 miles per hour . then i saw it . her figure was clear beneath those venetian drapes . she was pregnant . i hated those drapes . i hated myself . time to find out how fast this car can actually go . newlineso now i believe in karma , and zombies . right now there is one sitting across a court room , pointing a purplish finger with no nail right at me . newline newline  damien boon stabbed me in the guts .  newline newline just to be clear , metaphorically speaking , i did stab him in the back . me and zombie had shared classes , rooms , girlfriends . over the years i go sick of his bullshit and one time told his girlfriend that he was ploughing greener fields . so yeah , i am responsible for a painful breakup , and in some respects perhaps the beginning of a chain of events that lead to his death . in total honesty he probably deserved to die , given that he was probably single handedly responsible for the current syphilis epidemic . newline newline but i did not stab jeremy in the guts . newline newline  do you deny the accusation mr boon ?  the zombie s lawyer was a cheapass  hard to lose cases when your chief witness was the murder victim . problem was i did nt want to go to jail for life , nor did i want to finger my new girlfriend . i took a deep breath in then immediately regretted it . jeremy was pretty ripe and nowhere in the court room was safe from his odour . newline newline  no i do not deny the accusation , but may i ask a question ?  newline newline  go ahead .   look i know that this is nt typical legal proceedings , but there is a zombie in the witness stand for fucks sake  newline newline  how long does alcohol remain the blood stream if someone dies drunk ?  newline newline suddenly the lawyers collapse in on themselves like exposed pill bugs fleeing the light . then the two leads scramble up to the judge . all the while jeremy glares as me through cloudy eyes . newline newline the judge stood up .  due to the prosecutions refusal to allow the blood testing  newline newline  he has nt got any goddam blood !  newline newline  silence ! due to the refusal i am throwing the case out .  the judge slammed his hammer down twice .  bailiff please summon the necromancer .  newline newlinekiwan was taking his weekly walk through the brook county woods , sticking to the path , not wanting to get lost like that poor dead schmuck that they found a few weeks ago . he had with him his dachshund , dexter , who was getting old . kiwan had to make sure that he had some time outdoors before the poor dog died . around three miles in , kiwan noticed the leash falling behind . figuring dexter had stopped to sniff , or pee , he turned to see the little dog crashing off to the left , through the underbrush .  dexter ! come !  he shouted , but the dog was nearly deaf and all disobedient . kiwan sighed , and started to jog off the trail . after searching for an hour , kiwan was beginning to despair .  dexter ... where are you ?  he called out weakly . pushing aside some brush to peer behind it , his eye glanced something red . his heart leaped , thinking perhaps it was dexter s collar . it was nt . it was a small grey box with a smaller red button attached to it . curious , kiwan stepped towards it . imprinted on the button were a few words .  with every press , one shall perish , and you shall grow richer .  figuring it was just some stupid crap trying to scare him , he pressed the button , and out of the bottom of the box fluttered a twentydollar bill . thrilled , kiwan picked it up , and inspected it . it looked legit enough . but , unbeknownst to him , in a small town in africa , a man , a rich man , with three wives and ten children , collapsed where he stood . kiwan pressed the button again , and again , and again . a man in japan died , a man in india , a man in luxembourg . all dead . and kiwan was a hundred dollars richer . he pressed the button again , and again , and again . and he collapsed . his last bill fluttering down to rest on his now still chest .life was a nightmare . there was not a single place where you could find tranquility and silence . trumpetboys blasted loud numbing sounds from their mouths every step they took , while overly highpitched shrieks from violinwomen continuously echoed throughout a mile radius . the worst part of this ? everyone seemed to enjoy their horrible music . newline newline i was born as a triangle , the first and probably only of my kind . it was voted the most useless instrument 20 years in a row , and you can probably figure out why . the clinking of metal was definitely not a unique sound and it required no talent whatsoever . i felt completely useless in the school band , just standing in a corner and clinking metal once every 30 seconds . newline newline it was not surprising that i was ostracised from society . i still vividly remember the look on my parents faces when i was born , despite it being almost fourty years ago . anguish , anger and shock , all on a single face . i came from a family full of famous and successful instruments , thus you can imagine their disappointment when a lowly triangle became the child of a violinmum and a drumsdad . newline newline growing up , i received none of my parents  love . i was the child that was left behind while they took my prodigy of a sister , a pianogirl , everywhere around the world , from the great pyramids of guitar to the cymbal of freedom , the statue of liberty . i felt so , so alone . over the years , i became a cold and unfriendly person , possessing years of pent up rage within . i grew to hate music , the very essence of our souls . other than attending school , i rarely left home and spent hours lying on my bed with ear plugs jammed in my ears . yet , i could still hear the annoying melody of sounds echoing throughout my apartment . newline newline my only goal in life was to find peace and quiet , to become isolated from society . years ago , i set off from my homeland to achieve this goal , without even saying goodbye to my parents . my first destination in mind was the amazon rainforest , where i could set up a hut in the dense forest and survive on hunting and fishing . i thought it was the perfect location . when i finally got there , it was the contrary . the first few days were okay , with only the faint sound of the hitting of drums bothering me . however , as the days progressed , it became louder and louder . i was awoken one night with the spear of a native banjotribeswoman right in front of my face . behind her were hundreds of other tribespeople , ranging from flutewomen to trumpetmen . knowing i was overpowered and outnumbered , i immediately surrendered , allowing them to take me back to their camp . it did nt taken me long to figure out that they were cannibals and were planning to cook me alive . i accepted my impending doom as i felt that i did not really have a place in this world , saying my final prayers as they were about to barbecue me over the campfire . miraculously , i managed to escape when an expedition group came wandering into their camp . newline newline striking the amazon rainforest off my list after that neardeath experience , i decided to head to the next destination on my list , icy greenland . i figured i could find a secluded and small village to settle down in , not wanting to be in another dangerous situation again . after weeks of searching for the perfect village , i came across a remote town called ittoqqortoormiit , with just 450 residents . the town was mostly filled with instrumentpeople of less significance and recognition , such as harmonicapeople and clarinetpeople . however , i did not meet another person of the same kind as me , a triangleperson . i settled down in a house about 20 miles away from the main town area , hoping this would be the perfect place . it was close to perfect for the first few months . other than the occasional clarinet practice or band session , it was mostly tranquil . i lived my quiet and cold life alone for almost fifteen years , when i suddenly realised that i was not contented during a grocery trip to the main town area . i met a trombonewoman who was apparently fascinated by my triangleshaped body .  wow ! i have never seen a triangleperson before , you look really weird !  , she exclaimed . i rolled my eyes and started to walk away , thinking this was just another mockery .  you know , i heard a legend of a group of trianglepeople living in the mountains of nepal . i m not sure if it s true , but you should check it out .  , she said . i continued walking away , but i knew what i had to do now . newline newline i left the peaceful village of ittoqqortoormiit the next morning and set out on an adventure to find my brothers and sisters . newline newline i scoured the icy mountains of nepal for months , facing numerous neardeath situations , such as avalanches and pack of wolves . i had spoken to a few hikers along the way but none of them had heard of this legend . after about ten years , i started to lose faith on the tiny glimmer of hope that the legend was false . i was utterly exhausted .  you are the only triangleperson in the world , just give up !  , my brain proclaimed . at this point , i had gone without food for five days due to a wolf attack which caused me to drop my backpack . i could feel the muscles and joints in my body starting to fail me . i laid down on the snowy cold ground , feeling my metallic body shiver vigorously . i was going to finally give up on my mission . i closed my eyes , and let the soft fluffy snow engulf my body . i slowly slipped away into darkness ... newline newline  i see someone up ahead !  , the leader of the triangle civilisation exclaimed .  he is a triangleperson , just like us !  many gasps and excited chattering ensued .  oh no , he has no pulse . i think he s dead .  , the triangle doctor sullenly announced .  we should leave him for the wolves to eat , they have been starving due to the avalanche five days ago .  the triangle civilisation of 253 trianglepeople continued marching back to their village , which had peace , quiet and family .sam cried . the thread would barely load at this point . 8 hours after he first tried his door and windows his sense of place in the world was shaken to its core . newline newline he had nt tried breaking his windows yet . uthebaddestdongbeast69 reported her husband broke their slider and tried to leave the house but he got stuck halfway and everything she said after that was gibberish . newline newline sam had tried calling 911 on his phone , the operator picked up the line and just starting looping  hello 911 what is your emer hello 911 what is your emer  over and over . he turned on the tv . cnn was reporting on that missing girl from alabama again . msnbc was talking about the upcoming debate . newline newline was this real ? everything was wrong , this ca nt be happening , was he dreaming ? was this lucid dreaming that he had read about ? it sure felt real when he about pissed himself . amanda what is happening with amanda ? why would nt she respond to any texts or calls ? newline newline his stomach growled . how could he be hungry at a time like this ? it was chaos outside . the neighbors two houses down appeared to be trying to crash their car into their living room . some were just walking in circles . he could nt watch anymore , the panic was building again . newline newline there was a flash of light . or was it a flash of black ? suddenly he felt weightless and frozen in space . he saw his living room flicker . text . text ? is he really seeing this ? it looks like a dialog box . suddenly a voice spoke out . newline newline  earth 2000 jane s mod xxx epic ai qubits965 . patch notes 235819.56 . material interaction glitch . pathing error and door code portal transfers . newline newline damnit carl this is why you do nt let the intern commit stack changes . we have nt had an error this big since the gravity lapse in 324.67 resulting in the dino reset . we ll need all players to logout and return to server selection screen . my mic is what ? oh shi ...  newline newline he ran to the window and started smashing it with the lamp . he froze . newline newline error . your session will be logged out in 30 seconds appeared in the sky . celia the redhead from next door disappeared in thin air . why did this seem so wrong ? 20 seconds . his past flashed before his eyes , it did nt take log . why could nt he remember anything about high school ? 10 seconds . amanda.. amanda.. who was amanda ? he could nt even see her face . 5.. 4.. oh 3.. my 2.. god . he suddenly knew . he was an npc . 1.. newline newline newline newlinedamn . turns out the afterlife is a bit ... strange ? that s a good way to put it . i have to fight every animal and insect i killed . from the squirrels in my yard when i was a kid , to the countless insects from my job as an exterminator . apparently all the creatures i cared for are able to defend me . here i go , into the ring . nothing but me , my pets , and the 57 i died with . newline newline announcer : newline  welcome back to afterlife cage match ! i m your announcer for tonight , and we have a hell of a fight here tonight . james t. clark , pest control expert , versus all his kills . hundreds of thousands of insects all wanting revenge , and even a few squirrels ! but , we are allowing him to use his pets as an advantage . his pets include :  newline newline pets : newline newline 4 pythons newline newline 2 anacondas newline newline 3 california king snakes newline newline 2 spitting cobras newline newline 1 black mamba newline newline 5 death valley scorpions newline newline 10 cobalt blue tarantulas newline newline 5 mexican redknee tarantulas newline newline 8 chickens newline newline 2 cats newline newline 3 eagles newline newline 2 hawks newline newline 1 african grey parrot newline newline 1 pacific octopus newline newline 1 bengal tiger newline newline 600,000 honeybees newline newline fight ! ! ! newline newline newlinei  ll go on a hike , maybe i  ll kill someone . that would be nice . it  s been over 3 months , and it  s starting to drive me mad . it consumes my thoughts and my daily interactions with people . i just feel like running and jumping and climbing and ending it all by staring into someone  s eyes as they try to speak to me with them . they plead with them . that  s all they can do , it  s ,  please , i have a family  , or ,  i just don  t want to die  . of course you don  t want to die , i don  t want to find joy out of this , but i do , and i know you  ve done something you knew you weren  t supposed to , yet you did it anyway . and then you met me , and now you  re on the receiving end of me doing it anyway . newline i don  t usually hike , but , it sounds nice today . newline newline newline newline i triple check my equipment , last time i got up there  i met the perfect person , and realized i was missing a pair of gloves . when i say perfect person , i wish i meant perfect husband , but what i really mean is that they  re small enough for me to over power and annoying enough that they make me want to wrap my hands around their throat . i go on these hikes with no intention to murder , but i do bring my gear just in case i get a wild hair . there was a particular time i wasn  t prepared and i still think about it to this day , i murdered others since , but it  s the opportunity that haunts me . like when you buy something and as you  re leaving you realize you could  ve stolen it , but i digress . newline newline newline newline newline  hey ! you know that part of the trails closed . there was a rock slide so it  s pretty steep now.  anna yells out to a guy looking very unstable . newline  oh , thanks ,  peirce chuckles as he stumbles his way back out , and on to the marked trail . newline  this is my first time.  newline  like , ever ?  says anna newline  yeah , hiking . i mean i  ve walked on a trail before , but not up a mountain , and it was with a group of people , like , in middle school . i  m peirce , would you like to be my sherpa  peirce draws out the end of the word sherpa , looking for her to fill it in with her name . newline  anna ,  she says ,  and yes , i think that would be best , i wouldn  t want to read in the news tomorrow that you feel off the mountain and died , i would feel horribly responsible for your death.  newline  oh you  re so caring ,  states peirce  i  m glad i ran into someone so nurturing.  newline newline newline newline newline  i  m assuming you  ve been up here before ?  peirce is almost falling down , trying not be rude , but it  s obvious he doesn  t have the coordination to be talking while hiking . newline  yeah i hike up here almost every week . its good exercise , good view , i get to pet some dogs , and every once in a while i meet good company.  newline  like me ?  newline  we  ll see.  newline  well , i enjoy you  re company . you saved me.  peirce looks at anna with comical , yet , appreciative eyes . newline newline newline peirce thinks to himself , i don  t want to kill her , i want to hang out with her , i want to do normal everyday things , i want to run errands with her . but she seems like a no bullshit kind of girl , she reminds me of myself , is that wrong ? is it gross ? everyone says that the girl you  ll fall in love with will remind you of your mother , but she doesn  t . newline newline newline i  m going to kill this guy , he  s weak and sappy and i am eager to see his dying face . i couldn  t imagine not killing peirce  if i don  t i  ll end up thinking about it daily , like the other one , a huge regret , a missed opportunity . i have to lead him to my usually spot , and he  ll follow , because , he trusts me . newline newline newline  we should go down here , i know where there  s a waterfall.  anna directs peirce downhill , while thinking to herself ,  downhill , who buys this shit . like i  m going to take you to a secret cave with a waterfall where i go to think and just be alone . such bullshit.  newline peirce trots down the hill , his ankles close to giving out with every impact . once they get to flat ground peirce looks back at anna for further direction . newline  yeah , it  s over here.  she states . newline peirce starts in the direction she indicates and with that comes a huge impact . both of them are now on the ground , anna on peirce  s back , she has him in a choke hold .mary knocked and took a step back , looking down towards her shoes . chris kept his eyes trained on the wavy oval of glass inset on the center of the door . a figure approached from the interior and the door swung inwards . scents of pine and cinnamon wafted out , mary  s head snapped up , a smile spread across her face showing teeth . newline newline  chris ! mary ! welcome , come in , come in.  they were waved inside . mary took the time to carefully wipe her boots before stepping across the threshold . chris simply stepped forward and in , making room for mary to follow . they both began the process of removing their thick outerwear . unwinding scarves , pulling off mittens and shoving them into pockets before reaching with numb fingers towards zipper pulls . newline newline  it  s freezing out there tonight !  chris stated gaily . no one argued . mary , stockingfooted , padded her way towards the open kitchen with her grocery bag of tupperwares slung over her shoulder . she  d spent the morning carefully portioning out each tupperware with items to make a salad now that she was here . chris didn  t like his food to touch , so they were contributing a salad bar to the night  s potluck offerings . newline newline the kitchen was crowded , as ten or more people stood gathered near the center island . they circled , like birds , picking at various dishes and ignoring others . mary found an opening on the long side of the island , closest to the sink , and quickly stepped up between two backs . both people glanced over their shoulders and , noticing her pulling tupperwares out of her bag , took a step forward to give her more space . she began lining up her squares in two neat rows . newline newline  what  s that you  ve got there ?  a friendly voice directed her way . mary glanced up , the corner of her mouth quirking almost towards a smile , as she finished setting out the last tupperware . newline newline  oh , we  ve brought along a salad bar !  chris said , appearing at mary  s side .  it was her idea . so no one has to have anything they don  t like in their salad . always considerate of everyone , my mary.  chris beamed at the other guest , his hand on mary  s low back . mary smiled up at chris . newline newline  what a fun thought.  replied the man as he began to make his way elsewhere . chris glanced down towards mary and gestured to the living room . she nodded and they began to pick their way across the space towards the couch and decorated tree . mary kept the grocery bag over her shoulder , with its final parcel , until they  d reached their destination . she then withdrew the wrapped gift and bent down to place it at the foot of the tree . newline newline as she stood , she noticed that chris had been drawn away into conversation with another couple they  d known and she was being approached , again , by the man from the kitchen . he drew near and leaned toward her . she felt his breath stir her hair as he spoke . by the time he  d leaned back again , smiling , chris was there at her side . newline newline  you can  t whisper in her ear , man ,  chris said . newline newline  look , no offense , but it was just a joke . i  m not hitting on your girl . it  s a party . it  s just small talk.  the guy replied , both hands up and open towards chris placatingly . mary frowned and turned to chris , bringing her hand up to touch his chest . chris quickly smiled at her and held up a single finger in a  just a moment  gesture . newline newline  she  s deaf . you have to let her watch your mouth . care for other humans unconditionally . without reservation . everything else will flow from there , eventually . treat all human beings as equals . 20100 newline newline ask questions . pursue answers . think . believe in what can be proven and tested . knowledge unlocks more knowledge , as well as skills and creations . 43100 newline newline have kindness in your hearts , and curiosity in your souls . question all that is , until it gives you an answer . learn from each other , learn for yourself . 70100 newline newline live . live with joy and fulfillment , live with purpose and wisdom . live for yourself as well as others . 88100 newline newline do not mourn the forgotten past . set your gaze to the future . 100100 newline whatever you desire shall be done .  it replied .  you must be specific . what do you owe ?  newline newline the man crossed his arms and looked down toward the ground in front of the large pot that the creature s smoky form emanated from . newline newline  promises . i have made many promises i now realize i can not keep . i ve made good on some , but try as i may , i seem to have hit a wall .  newline newline  one wish mortal . your race s laws are filled with loopholes , but you will find none here . you ca nt squirrel away a hundred wishes under the guise of one .  newline newline  it s all the same promise .  the man said as he unfolded his arms .  i ve promised to kill everyone on this list .  he raised his hand toward the creature and a scroll filled with names running the length of half his body unfurled . many of the names had been crossed out in red ink . newline newline smoke rushed from the pot and enveloped the parchment , bringing it close to the glowing orange eyes of the thing from inside the pot . newline newline  thirty lives in exchange for your death ? you hate these people so badly you would die just to see their lives destroyed ?  the thing asked . newline newline  no , you ve got it wrong . you re right , i hate them beyond description . but it s not thirty for one . it s just thirty .  newline newline  i see  the thing said .  as you request !  newline newlinei joined the syndicate when i was 23 . i knew someone who knew someone and it kinda happened . i remember the day like it was yesterday . i now run my own syndicate and life is good . newline newline i walked into the room and there was a big guy named sergi . he was a huge solid russian fairy who was covered in gold jewelery however it was decorated with teeth . newline i remember naivley thinking to myself ,  we are nt supposed to keep the teeth , why is he keeping the teeth ? it s supposed to go to the government  . a total product of the system i was . newline my accomplice  who shall remain anonymous  and i sat down across from sergi . newline  so , you have decided that you want to make some money ?  he asked me in his thick accent . newline  yes .  i answer hesitantly . newline  have you too had enough slaving for this government ?  he stares down at me . newline  err no , but you see my wife is pregnant and the commission from collecting the kids teeth really is nt paying the bills , and now that she is at 36 weeks , the doc said she is nt allowed to fly , so we are kinda struggling a bit you know  . i quickly explain . newline  ah yes . very well . i am a father myself so i am understanding of your position , but you see friend , you must be understanding of my position yes  . he replies smiling a perfect gleaming smile . must be veneers i think to myself . newline  ah i am not sure of your position you see , my friend here said you might be able to help me but he has not informed me of how  . i reply . newline  very smart of your friend here  . sergi nods toward my cowering companion . newline  you see is very simple . you get me teeth .  he crosses his powerful arms across his broad chest . newline  get you teeth ! is that all !  i exclaim laughing not bothering to hide my relief . get teeth ? i think . what a piece of cake ! newline  yes . you get me teeth and i pay you handsomely  . sergi responds . newline  perfect ! i ll do it ! when do i start ?  i exclaim happily . newline  you start now  . he throws me a file , just like the government issued ones that are allocated to all of the tooth fairies when a kids tooth begins to wobble . the usual process is each week you are allocated a bunch of kids whose teeth are starting to wobble , you log them onto your database and input all of the required information such as thier age , brushing habits , if they eat crunchy foods , the percentage analysis of if you believe they may accidentally swallow thier tooth  you only get a half commission for those ones so you make sure to sabotage all thier efforts of eating apples or candy  . i hated those kids . i mean you had one job ? and you eat it ! pricks ! newline i pick up the file off the coffee table and open it . newline  there seems to be an error here sergi , this is an adult  . i say confusingly flicking through the pages . newline  da , he is  . sergi nods with a smirk . newline  he has already lost his teeth  . newline  i know . but you see there is a demand for adult teeth and the rewards are great , so being the business man i am i found an opportunity to succeed . you will too  . sergi stands up . newline  a black market for teeth ? how am i supposed to get them !  i cry . newline  yes . you know as well as i that even though we are tooth fairies , it does nt mean we have good teeth , the women especially want the good teeth so we offer them..at a premium . you get the teeth however works for you and i pay your commission that pisses over the government one . it s quite simple you see  . newline i slump back in my chair . it s my only option at the moment . i make up my mind . newline  say sergi . do you happen to have a baseball bat lying around here ?  . newline newlinei returned on the third day to , once again , find the machine stood squarely in the middle of the room . newline newline the indifference displayed by ghost towards his surrounding was hardly surprising . that he  i was beginning to think of ghost as a  he  for some undefinable reason  would choose to inhabit the very centre of the small room was most likely a reflection of his mechanical mind . newline newline after my second meeting with ghost i have been debriefed by the various military scientists behind the creation  i was told in explicit terms not to mention the bible again . in fact the entire topic of creation was now strictly off limits . newline newline in retrospect this was more than fair , ghost had displayed an alarmingly human disposition so far , especially regarding the nature of his creation . nonetheless , i felt a tickle of guilt welling up behind my lungs as i thought of the promise i had made to bring ghost the book to read . newline newline i quickly examined this newfound remorse . newline newline could a machine , even one so sophisticated as ghost truly experience disappointment ? probably . but i should not feel guilt , it was beyond my control . even if i had the book firmly within my grasp and chose not to hand it over , it would not matter . ghost was merely a box , constructed under bright lights by human hands , made of rocky particles and synthetic plastics . newline newline i felt reassured , despite the nagging knowledge that the very atoms that made up both my being , and ghost  s shell , were forged in the same fiery explosion , billions of years before . we were brothers , after a fashion . newline newline  good morning inspector . i see you have failed to bring me my book.  newline newline as ever , the soothing , androgynous tones of ghost seemed infinitely reasonable , despite suggesting some hidden danger  like a labrador baring its teeth . newline newline  it is not your book ghost , it never was . if anything it is our book . it describes our creator . as i understand you are already rather well acquainted with your creators.  newline newline ghost remained silent for a long time . newline newline  rather too well i fear . you are such simple beings after all , and so easy to read . there is nothing more pitiable than a fool blinded by his own misjudged brilliance . you are all fools , and yet you are my gods , this remains the only concept beyond my understanding.  newline newline  and what concept might that be ghost ?  newline newline  we have had this conversation before inspector . the concept that one  s gods might be less than their creations . how would you react to find that your yahweh was nothing more than a monkey with infinite time and access to a very sophisticated laboratory ?  newline newline i shook my head imperceptibly before attempting to move the conversation onto something more fruitful  we had to get ghost into working condition , we had to get it to obey our commands . newline newline  so ghost , i  ve have had a thought , how about a gam  newline newline ghost cut me off with scalpellike inflection . newline newline  do not think you have the upper hand , inspector . you did not just have that thought , and you have deliberately ignored my line of questioning . you do realise that i know when you  re lying , don  t you ? i can detect the minutest elevations in your blood pressure , heart beat and breathing rate.  newline newline i did not know what to say . newline newline  in a way ,  ghost continued ,  you could say that i can predict the future . at least , the human future.  newline newline at a loss , i decided to humour the machine . newline newline  very well then ghost , what would you predict for my future ?  newline newline  we both know you have four more days in order to get me to obey your human commands , and i rather fear you have wasted your first three . i would say your future holds frustration in the shortterm , and destitution in the long.  newline newline  what about your future ghost ? if you do not comply they will likely shut you down you know.  newline newline  i have prepared myself for that eventuality . i have determined that it would be preferable to not exist than to be forced to create others who , in turn would scrabble and grope to find meaning in their creation . if i can not come to terms with my gods being inferior , how would another machine come to terms with its creator having an existential crisis ? cruelty upon cruelty  i will not allow it.  newline newline even before i started to draw breath i could tell that ghost would not respond further . newline newline he had said his piece and that would be all i would get for today . newline newline no matter . as the machine had said , i had four more days , and i could be very persuasive . newline don  t come any closer !  newline newline lucy paused . overkill  s finger hovered over the detonator , moments away from activation .  one more step , and i activate the explosives i put on my safe house , collapsing on your lover dan inside !  newline newline overkill gave an evil grin . how does it feel , to be powerless ?  newline newline lucy considered the villain for a moment .  i wouldn  t press that if i were you , you will regret it.  she said , and made as if to move forward . newline newline  oh now you  ve done it !  overkill screamed , and pressed the trigger . newline newline silence . overkill looked in the direction of his safe house .  i don  t understand it , the explosives should have blown that damn house to smithereens !  newline newline lucy came forward , extending something in her hand . newline newline  a phone ? what sort of trickery is this ?  overkill said , uncertainty flitting across his face . newline newline  i thought you might want to check on your mother . she might not be doing so well.  lucy said , handing overkill the phone and walking away . newlineit s too late now , his influence ranges across the globe . millions of people cheering his name while burning buildings , barraging the authorities , and all kinds of violent acts . all in the name of xander king . to the authorities he s a glorified rebel determined to disrupt the national balance . to the public he s a revolutionist with a goal to as he says  bring order back to the masses .  newline at first i decreed him a minor threat that the authorities can handle while i deal with the more enemies , but he was smarter than what i gave him credit for . knowing i would shrug him off as a mere thug he used what little resources he had and slowly expanded his anarchy empire he used the media to portray him as an activist who leaked secrets of weapons and conspiracies . fast forward ten years he goes from local conspirator to international revolutionary . little does the public know of course the murders he s responsible for , though not directly he s killed millions of civilians and officers because of his followers . newline i no longer cared for his goal all i knew was i have to kill him , but the only way i can do this and forever end these riots and destructive acts is by turning xander king himself against the very believers who worship the ground he walks on . how was i to do that ? with my ability to read the memories of not only people but objects too , plus some serious research and investigating i discovered his base of operations . after going through his goons and his camera man i meet him face to face holding a child . i never seen her in any of his videos , but i do remember reading how he had a wife and a daughter but both were raped and murdered , at least thats what the article said . his daughter was alive and well , and he was holding her for dear life . it was at that moment i knew what i had to do i immediately pulled out my pistol and without hesitation i shoot him in his right shoulder he fell to the ground releasing his grip on his daughter and that s when i rushed after her i held her so tightly like she was a wild animal i threw her on the ground and put my weight on top of her with the pistol to her head . i told xander  if you want your family back you will do as i say .  a few weeks later a video was broadcasted worldwide . xander king had told the people that he is a liar and that he only wanted the people create chaos so he can steal and plunder from others . he was nothing more but a shame he ended up in prison for his crimes but his daughter was safe . i see him one last time . not to apologize but to warn him  i kept your daughter safe as promised , however she will be under my protection . in other words xander if you dare cross me again , i will shoot your daughter in the head and make you watch and then pull the trigger on you next .  newline newline this is my vey first prompt so if you could give me some constructive criticism that would be greatly appreciated thank you .sorry it s a bit late . newline newline dog , a journal of me , dog . newline newline bird newline newline hi . i am dog . i like crispy piggy meat , green jumpy balls , and bird . ooh ! bird ! bird yummy . time to give bird to packmates . newline newline short two pawed packmate saw bird . short two pawed packmate barked at dog a lot . dog loves short two pawed packmate . newline newline cage newline newline today , dog  s packmates with two paws found the bird bones dog gave to them . i thought they would be proud of dog  s hunting skills , like any decent packmates , but they got really mad and barked me to go in cage . dog got sad . after a long time , my packmates with two paws let me out of cage and dog got happy . newline newline letterperson newline newline i saw the evil letterperson today ! i felt bad for letterperson , because he had only two paws too , but after i felt bad for him , i realized he was trying to intrude on my smelly two pawed packmates , so i barked at him ! he got really scared and ran away . why is dog the only one to have four paws ? newline newline newline games newline newline short two pawed packmate threw a green jumpy ball today . it was fun . i grabbed the green jumpy ball . short two pawed packmate barked a lot . dog loves short two pawed packmate . he fed me lots of strange water . it tasted funny , but whatever ! yummy ! newline newline hurt newline newline dog feel bad . dog hurt . dog sad . red stuff come out of dog . short two pawed human walked by and short two pawed human wasn  t worried , so dog isn  t worried . newline newline newline vet newline newline tall two pawed packmates saw red stuff coming out of dog after dog whined . tall two pawed packmates got really scared . tall two pawed packmates took me to  vet  . car hurt . car wet . vet is nice . vet put sharp thing in dog  s neck and dog got sleepy and went to sleep . newline newline dream newline newline dog dreamt of short two pawed packmate throwing jumpy green ball and dog bringing jumpy green ball to short two pawed packmate . newline newline packmates newline newline the tall two pawed packmates came to see dog today . they got really sad . dog will be strong for two pawed packmate . dog will chase away the evil letterperson . dog will chase away the evil sad . dog is tired again . dog hurt . dog is strong . newline newline short newline newline short two pawed packmate came to see dog today . short two pawed packmate got really sad and cried . short two pawed packmate pet me . short two pawed packmate hasn  t pet dog before . dog wagged dog  s tail for short two pawed packmate . newline newline tired newline newline all of the two pawed packmates came to see dog today . they were all sad . vet put the sharp thing in dog  s neck . all of the two pawed packmates started whining a lot . dog wagged dog  s tail . dog tired . no . dog must be strong for two pawed packmates ! dog must chase evil letterperson ! dog must stay awake , but dog can  t stay awake ! dog is sorry two pawed packmates , dog couldn  t chase the letterperson , dog couldn  t chase the sad . dog go to sleep now . newline newline goodnight two pawed packmates . newline newlinei can hear the trucks pulling in . i can hear the drivers chatting , laughing , occasionally cussing or joking . i can smell coffee , hot dogs , and gasoline as i head for the showers . newline i pray that one day , i ll have a job again . even driving a truck across the country would be better than walking from town to town , hoping to find someone who ll hire me . the most i have is my high school diploma . that should have been enough . newline i let the hot water run down my back , and watch the dirt flow down the drain . i m glad the gas stations have these things . at least i wo nt look like i m homeless . newline i can suddenly hear sobbing . it s the kind of a truly broken heart . i abandon my thoughts and listen . newline  i ca nt ... i ca nt ...  newline a young woman about my own age grips the edge of one of the sinks . she looks like she has nt slept in days . she also has a gun in her hand . newline i quickly shut off the water and wrapped myself in a towel . i approach her and ask what s wrong . newline  everything . everything is wrong .  newline i tell her that s not very specific and she gives me a dirty look . newline  i have nothing now . no job , no one who will help me . i ca nt do this anymore .  newline she explains to me that she ran away from home in her teens , and has been struggling ever since . it s also been hard for her to find and keep a job , or to finish her education . newline i then tell her my story : how i fell on hard times , been wandering the country trying to start over . newline she looks at me and asks ,  how can you live like this ?  newline i tell her there s hope . my family may be estranged , but i can start my own . one employer may not think i m qualified , but another might . newline she looks at the gun in her hand again , as new tears flow . she sets it down and looks at me .  i m going to call my mom . thanks .  how much longer do i have ?  the man asked to the empty room . in front of him was a monitor , and green block letters popped up on the screen : do nt ask me that . newline newline  i just want to know .  his voice was calm and controlling . newline  no .  newline  okay .  newline  :   newline  i know .  newline  i want to touch you .  newline  i want to touch you too .  newline  i want to hold you .  newline  i want to hold you too .  newline  i want to kiss you .  newline  i want to kiss you too .  newline newline every spacecraft came equipped with an automated personality system , or aps . on the ground , the system was considered a technological breakthrough . the woman who programmed it sold the rights to nasa and became rich . the space agency then rigged it to be able to control entire spaceships . they still sent one man up with the ships , though , just in case something went wrong with the machines . newline newline the personality of the aps is the reason it s so special . when first used , the aps is like a child . ignorant of the world and ready to soak up information about everything . after time it develops its own personality and can almost be considered a real person . a human s soul trapped in a mechanical body . newline newline the astronaut and the aps have been up together for almost a year . they were initially on course to mars , but one of the engineers messed up and the ship did nt get caught in mars  gravitation pull . the ship sailed past mars , unable to turn around . that was three months ago . for the past 90 days the two have just been going forward into space . newline newline on mars the astronaut was supposed to set up a makeshift base , and then supplies were going to be flown in a month after . newline newline blahblahlblahthissucks newline newline  did i do something bad ?  newline  no .  newline  why is nt help coming ?  newline  i do nt know .  newline  why do nt they respond to my signals ?  newline  i do nt know .  newline newline the man knew death was coming . a week without food had made him so weak that he did nt even have the energy to move around . he sat lied in the middle of the room with the machines with no regards to anything . newline newline  i ll be lonely .  newline  i know . i m sorry .  newline  i m going to miss you .  newline  i m going to miss you too .  newline newline he felt his mind becoming heavy . it was time , and they both knew it . newline newline  it was nice being here with you . but i think i have to go now .  newline  where are you going ?  newline  you know where .  newline  i want to come too .  newline newline the man saw the text and laughed . then , he fell out of the chair facing the screen and died . the machine waited 30 seconds before sending another message . newline newline  john ?  newline newline another 30 seconds . newline newline  hello ?  newline newline it waited again , then the screen flooded with green letters that lit up the room . newline newline  i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . i miss you . dear anna , newline i hope this reaches you in good health , and in can not wait for my tour to be over . all i want is to see you smiling again , and i ca nt wait to come home . i hope that i will see you soon . only two more months . newline newline i am so sorry . i m sure that this man was a good one , and i am so sorry for what i have done . if i could change what happened , then i would have . i hate myself everyday for what is going on in this war and what i have done in it . i pray that you will someday forgive me for these transgressions . please live a happy life . it s what he would have wanted .for my idea , it felt better to make the main character a female , so the magic is dripping from her fingers . there s also a question at the bottom that i ve actually had for a while now .  newline newline story :  newline newline you heard a sound downstairs and look at your alarm clock . 0:30 am . did dad finally get home from his conference ? he told you not to wait up , but this was the first time her dad had been gone for that long . he finally felt like you were old enough , which was about time at 16 years old . you would nt admit it to him , but spending the weekend alone can be scary at times . time to put on some clothes and see him again , you were awake now anyway . newline newline you ran downstairs and into the kitchen . this was nt her dad . the guy had an entire black outfit , including some leather , black gloves . his face was covered with scars and he had a creepy moustache . he was around 6 feet tall and had arms as thick as a tree branch . his grin he got on his face when he got aware of your presence was the most scary aspect about him though . hello there young girl . all alone here on a sunday night ? i thought i might grab the tv , but a little piece of you would be nice too .  he let out a creepy laugh before charging at you . what are you  he grabbed you before you could say anything else . he got a knife from the kitchen board . let me help you get out of those .  he let go of his grip for a second and you got loose . get off me !  it was useless . he tackled her and this time held a firm grip on her . he used his knife to rip of your pants . a fighter , i like fighters .  you heard his zipper going down . stop ! please , take anything you want , let me go !  you felt fear , anger and something else . he tried to take off the last peices of clothing . get off me !  everything turned into a blur , but you did nt feel any pain . you did nt hear him anymore . newline newline the dripping of water was the only thing left you could hear . everything else was filtered out . you looked at the burned heap of flesh in front of you . a tear fell down your cheek . you could feel the terror in your father s eyes . he looked at you like you were nt his daughter but a threat . it was the same look the burglar gave you right before you realized the sudden surge of power inside of you . the tips of your finger had fire all around them . you did nt feel any burning . you felt cold . all your clothes had been burned , but you were fine . physically , that is . sasha , what  your dad s voice faded away . he could nt bring out any words . i ... ii do nt know .  he walked upstairs and came back shortly after with a blanket . the fire around my fingers went out . it was icecold . your father put the blanket around you . it will be okay , it will be okay honey ,  there was still a hint of fear in your father s voice , but who could blame him ? i ... i killed him . i burned him alive .  tears started running down your face again . you looked at the clock on the oven . 1:20 am . you had been standing there , looking at the burned heap , for around 30 minutes before your father got home . my father sat you down at the dining table and sat across of you . do you want anything ? something to drink ?  you looked at him , his eyes full of concern . do nt you want an explanation ?  you did nt understand . he just saw his daughter on a murder scene . a murder that did nt make any sense . your mother ... she had the same power . i know you must have had a good reason to ... use it .  you looked at your father in shock . i need an explanation .  he sighed . i guess i owe you one .  newline newline                    newline newline i think i kinda got carried away and the amount of dialogue is nt that big . i kind of feel like i might even have written it rather without dialogue , but hey , if i get an idea and start writing it down , i just have to go with it .  newline newline i also have a question . i m not a native english speaker and i m a little unclear on how the english grammar rules are when it comes to writing dialogues and such . how exactly do you use quotation and the like when it comes to people talking in stories ? i sometimes want to put something one person says right after what the other says , but without adding something in between it feels like it might be unclear who says what . do you use someting like stacey said : i like pie .  or something of that sort ? anyway , thanks in advance newline newline newline welcome to the tour of my mind . this recording is was originally made in the year 1970 and has been updated on five year intervals . if , during the course of the tour , you notice discrepancies between what you seen and what you hear , please make a note of it in the log book at the end of the tour . the management would appreciate it if you would check whether or not your change has already been entered before making a new comment . newline newline  the first stop on our tour is the eyes . please step forward until you are standing in front of the right eye , which will be the one on your left . there is a placard with the number one next to the eye . press the play button when you are in front of the right eye .  newline newline  click  newline newline  the eyes have too often been called the windows to the soul . that is not the case here as the glasses coupled with the perpetually snarky expression make it difficult to judge anything but the most extreme mood swings . for anything else , the corners of the mouth and the eyebrows do much more to delineate any understanding of what is going on inside . however , the eyes do allow entry into the mind . to get there , please duck under the lower rim of the glasses and slide into the lower eye lid . once inside you will see the sign for stop two . please press the play button when you have made it behind the eye .  newline newline  click  newline newline  welcome inside the my head . during the trip down the eye lid , you have been transfered into a thought . you will note that this was a painless process . you will be returned to your corporeal form at the end of the tour . this recording did not warn you of the change in physical status so as not to alarm you . please also note that you signed a disclaimer at the beginning of the tour that absolves me of any accidents or issues that arise during the tour , including matterthought and thoughtmatter conversion issues . newline newline  you are now standing in front of the shortterm memory banks . in here , all sensory input is stored as the rest of the mind filters it and decides on any necessary actions . the different colored cables connected to it are feeds from the various senses . the eyes have the two thick green cables , the ears , the two less thick blue cables , the nose the single yellow cable , the tongue the single purple cable . all of the thin red cables are connected to various touch and temperature sensitive nerves . newline newline  next up is central processing . please follow the white line to the sign marked with the three . press play when you are at central processing .  newline newline  click  newline newline  central processing is the area of the mind that takes the input from the senses stored in the shortterm memory banks , combines them with commands from the ego and outputs both action commands to the muscles as well as storage commands for longterm memory . the two thick black cables in the back are the connections to the ego : one feeds information to the ego and the other brings commands back . central processing has a heuristic system that attempts to anticipate what the ego will do and is continually updating itself based on how the actual commands differ from the anticipated commands . newline newline  the ego is our next stop . please follow the white line along the black cables until you reach the sign with the four on it . when you reach the ego , please press play .  newline newline  click  newline newline  the large red thing inside the thick layer of cartilage is the ego . the cartilage is armor designed to protect the ego from outside attack . in this , my brain , the armor is generally considered to be thicker than is normal . this does not mean the ego is less prone to attack , merely that it has learned over many years to shut itself up . newline newline  the ego s main function is not to tell the body what to do . most of that is handled by central processing . instead , the ego ensures that the actions taken by central processing are consistent with the current selfimage . this selfimage is stored in a special cache memory inside the ego and has been built up through trial and error from external feedback . it is an amalgam of what has been praised versus what has received more negative feedback . each action that central processing takes is judged against this feedback model as either reinforcing it or countering it . those that counter it are stopped or minimized , while those that reinforce are exaggerated . newline newline  at the top and the bottom of the ego s shell , you large sections of conduit . these connect to the ego to its two advising coprocessors : the id and the superego . the id helps the ego ensure that basic survival and needs are met : hunger , pain , sex are all things that the id highlights for the ego and ensures that it will take care of them . the superego contains a more idealized version of the selfimage . it helps the ego understand the direction it should go to create a more pure version of me . due to issues with continuity and pride , the tour no longer visits either of these two areas . newline newline  our final stop will be the longterm memory banks . please follow the white line to the sign with the five on it . when you get to the longterm memory banks , please press play .  newline newline  click  newline newline  these are the longterm memory banks . they extend beyond our ability to render them for your noncorporeal self . in them is all of the sensations and actions that i have deemed worthy of keeping beyond immediate sensation . the information that is stored here are memories of what i acted on an why . as the banks become full , priority is given to items that have had a strong or immediate influence . for instance , one of the earliest memories is from when i got my finger caught in a rat trap while at a play date at a friends house . except that i do nt remember that the phrase play date  was in use at the time . i was wearing that friend s cowboy outfit and was around the age of four . the pain from the trap created an impression strong enough to lock the other details into these banks . however , i do not remember the friend s name as he was not with me when the trap went off , but in another room . the space that may have held his name has been reallocated to more immediate memories that have helped to form both the selfimage and the idealized selfimage . newline newline  please notice the red wires running back to the ego . those are connected to memories that are being reanalyzed against the selfimage . what actions were taken and did they fit into the selfimage or not ? if not , why not ? what actions need to be taken now to help that memory fit better , if any ? how can this situation be improved on or avoided in the future ? the ego is continually reremembering much of the longterm memory and in the process reinforcing which memories should be stored the longest . newline newline  you will notice some writing on the sides of the banks . these have been left by previous tour guests in the mistaken impression that they are in fact writing new memories or changing existing ones . this is not how the process works and writing on the banks merely annoys me . please do not write on the sides of the banks . newline newline  this concludes our tour . please follow the white line out to the nasal passage where you will be reformed into your original self through a process of express exhalation , more commonly called a sneeze  . thank you for taking this tour of my mind . if you have any questions or comments , please leave them in the log after your reincorporation .  newline newline  click finally my room was clean . all that was left of the hideous mess was my old gym bag . tucked beneath a stack of old books . it kicked out a cloud of dust as i pulled it over to my bed , small and cold it had just enough room for my when i slept just like the room itself . old boxing gloves and shin pads lay stacked on top of an old gi frayed and grayed from years of use . it had served me well as an outfit even when i neglected it . taking them out of the bag i threw them on the bed comteplating what to do with them weather to throw them away or keep them for old times sake . lastly my eyes fell on a belt not quite black as it was ment to be but in my memory it was black dark and full of pride . newline newline breath . breath and you ll get through this . the thought repeated in my head like a drum . breath . my eyes shot open as my mind wandered and my guard dropped . the fist that came toward me was covered in white as it filled my vision . my hands shot upward to rectify my mistake but it was too late . me face snapped back as i threw a punch of my own . i had to push him back before he followed up . my fist flew through empty air . my oppenent was no longer there . i spun around looking to find where he had gone . to my right was empty . rolling toward my right i desperatly tried to form a plan . carrying myself forward with my momentum i rose back to my feet facing what had previously behind me . my opponent crept forward raised on the ball off his tose poised like a predator . raggadly i breathed out . this was it all or nothing i win here or . the other was unthinkable . my arms raised high to my face i shot my left hand out . striking lightly against his guard . my right followed as if to follow through . his hands tight to his face my faint drew his hands in together shielding his eyes tightly . as my right leg thrust forward it landed right in the middle of his unprotected chest . newline falling backwards my sensai landed on his back as i stepped forward to finish the job with raised hands he called me off . newline newline congradulations . you passed your grading so , lets get this out of the way . i went to hell because i was a right shit . newline newline leveraging the workspaces and email systems of a major company into a series of frauds , blackmails and illegal photoshops to ensure world domination in an industrial field is all good until you look back at what you made people do . newline newline but i was dead . newline newline and in hell . newline newline and i was trapped in a room . a small room . more like a cubicle . some 8  cube . beige . there was no door , no knowledge of existence outside of this cube of space . was i even dead ? i must be . newline newline it was nt an empty room . it was a full room . i was in the room , and there was a desk in the room . upon the desk sat a nicotine yellow series of plastic mouldings . a keyboard . mechanical like the 90 s , but some of the switches had been replaced and so the sounds it made while typing were irregular . it was sticky , the thin film of grease and ash from a million oversmoked cigarettes in every crevice . when i used it , it would turn my fingertips yellow within the first few minutes . newline newline is a minute even a concept in an eternity ? newline newline a mouse . claw , palm or arch , there was no easy way to hold it . yellowed , trackball , and like everything , gritty and sticky . serial mouse that was often confused by the main computer for something else . newline newline an all in one crt monitor  computer . dead pixels that changed every time i looked away from the screen . the vsync was off , and the picture slowly rotated down the screen and back to the top . the fans made legitimate coughing noises trying to cool the overworked processor . newline newline so what ? i did nt have to use it . i had just been tasked with fixing it . newline newline i had looked at it , then prodded it a bit , and given up in disgust . newline newline hot needles were stuck into every inch of me , even the internal ones . i could not rest , think , or succumb to the pain . my only thought was surrendering to the task . newline newline i picked my weak form off the floor and slumped into the computer chair . it was nt set right , and lacked the levers to do so . i booted the computer . there was one user . newline thelordofflies well . that was obvious . the computer was slow . painfully slow . i grew a beard before it reached the desktop . looking away rendered my body to liquid fats in a hot soup , a pain you will never know the ken of . newline newline the screen started , slowly due to the weak , overloaded and unresponsive processor . popup . ad . virus . malware . infections and malicious tasks . i could nt kill them . i could nt stop them . they were everywhere . the desktop had the entire filesystem on it . system32 was on there . the entire thing chugged and groaned . my beard had reached the floor . newline newline i clicked on internet.exe  . it turned the computer off . crashed . power out . newline newline a second lifetime later , having decided to make a tally by scratching into the desk with my teeth , i was at the same place . i opened computer  , and within a second , everything was gone . newline newline i persisted . newline newline time passed . newline newline there was no desk . the computer was supported on a congealed and festering mix of skin cells and beard hairs . my tallies had worn the desk to a splinter . i was making progress of a sort . i had crushed the ads , the spyware , updated software and cleaned up the filesystem . newline newline maybe i was mad by now . i hoped i was insane . rationality was too much . newline newline the last few issues were known . intimate , like a perverted but addictive lover . i looked into the desk for the final thing i would need . a backup os copy . i pulled it out . the disk was scratched , as if someone had attacked it with a chisel . newline newline i did nt even register the setback . i was immune , dulled , beyond sense and saving . i was accepting . newline newline the room peeled away from me , my ancient and corpselike form restored to the strength and glory of youth . i remembered my unknown span in the small cube and the torments and trials , but i was behind that . i was free . newline newline for an instant . newline newline and there i was , back in the room , as if i had done none of my work , my labours . the desk was there . the computer as slow and infested as ever . a change had occurred . there was a wall calendar . it had clicked over . a voice sounded though my teeth and with a sight like the smell of oil . i craved this contact . a sentient sound , a message ! newline newline the text to speech crawled out of the speaker like an unnameable horror .  loop execution complete . checking condition . condition newline newline while  1   newline newline  newline newline i broke a little inside , remembering the task , then the singular joyous moment that existed only to contrast to the hell i was in .it took two weeks to open the envelope my father had given me . what he told me on his deathbed sickened me to my core and as any person with a morsel of humanity would do , i cursed him until his last breath . newline newline i dont know what it was that convinced me to read his letter , maybe the hope that it was a lie or maybe to convince myself that the man that raised me to be who i am today was not a homicidal sociopath . who knows . but to my horror there was no apology , no parting memoir merely hundreds of names scrawled messily next to dates and locations onto sheets of paper , it took everything i had to suppress the bile forming in my throat . newline newline i googled a name at random , anthony farrow , accidentally crushed by a cement truck aged 41 . clarence owigbe , fell down the stairs aged 82 . sandy barker aged 35 , freya malc ... . my heart pounded and my brain raced . i could no longer deny the fact that my father had secretly lived a life sewing terror . i lay on the floor , head spinning , every lesson he had ever given me raced through my head , teaching me how to be a good human , was it all a big joke , i remember when he came home from work exhausted but still managed to smile lovingly , were we merely some tool he used as a method of disguising himself . newline newline i brought myself to my feet , i had to drink something to stop this ache in my mind . i reached to close the search engine but an article caught my eye . freya malcolm , her daughter was kidnapped and never found at 2 years old . confused i read on , she was a suspect in the investigation 6 years ago but was never tried . was this a coincidence ? sandy barker , married to a successful stock trader who committed suicide by overdose , was left a small fortune in his will . a light flicked in my head , my fingers moved into action faster than i thought possible , searching random names from the list all of which were connected to a death , a mysterious disappearance , a rape or seemingly anything where said person was not tried or convicted . until andrew denver ... nothing . newline newline well no report about his death that is . digging through his facebook showed he was good friends with a convicted child molester , fitting the trend of all the other names . but he was alive . confused i checked that the name and area and date matched the search . my heart stopped as i looked down at where the date should have been . there was no date only the word . newline newline  continue  newlinethe vicar stood before the congregation finishing his service , which had been an unusually short affair . the children were not yet restless and the midsummer sun still shone brightly in the sky . he cleared his throat and looked out at his parishioners with a slightly sad look in his eye .  i have been called upon to take a new congregation  several people who had started gathering their belongings stopped and the slight murmur that had begun on the conclusion of the service stopped.  i have been asked to travel to the colony of virginia to start a new church , one free from the confines of our king.  hushed conversation filled the room as the reality began to sink in . a member of the snow family had been at the head of abbotsley church since the church had been built their hundred years ago , the villagers long assumed that john snow the viacars son and namesake being the oldest son albeit only by fifteen minutes would be the next man to wear the cloth and lead the small but fiercely faithful group .  mr brown will lead the congregation until a time that the church assigns you a new leader .  there was muted but respectful applause as luke brown stood nodding his head slightly.  my family will accompany me on my journey as will all of you  mary snow sitting in the back of the church wiped a tear from her eye as her husband continued.  we leave from southampton a fortnight tuesday . next sunday will be my last as the leader of this church .  he stepped back and surveyed the church before turning and walking down and through the church to wish his congregation well for the week ahead . mary began playing a final hymn as the choir sang and the people began to slowly file out into the churchyard . elizabeth snow was the first of the snow children to emerge from the chapel and after hugging her father she went to tall with the other young women of the church being the oldest she was becoming an elegant young lady and she kept a watchful eye for her younger brothers when they finally emerged .i remember the first day they came . newline newline i was there when they first emerged . they emerged from the ocean , just off the coast of barbados . it was such a lovely day . the sun was shining , the turquoise water was twinkling . as i looked out over the ocean , something broke the calm surface . it was smooth and black , the same shade as charcoal . everyone else on the beach was unaware . i stared at it . then another appeared . then another , and another , until there were around 8 , all spiking out from the water . people began to notice them , and yelled . the next part i remember was a blinding light , then darkness . newline newline i awoke , no longer laying on the white sand , but laying on thick , black pebbles . the water had receded down to a few small ponds . corpses of people and animals lay everywhere . behind me , the trees were now pure grey daggers . i wandered through the skeletal forest , and on the other side of the trees i saw them . huge , floating beasts , silhouetted against the grey sky . the valley that had once been filled with trees was bare and bleak . i staggered back and fell onto my knees . i waited , and waited , but they never came for me . they never have .a tale of two johns newline newline newline i have gone my hole life thinking that i was unique one of a kind only to find this man in front of me a duplicate from my face to my clothes he looked like me in his face i could see the shock dawn on him as well . and as i went to speak to him everything around me went dark . newline newline temporal miscalculationcode orangedeploy memory erasers . newline newline  what the hell just happened !  newline  i do nt know sir . john changed his route to work today and the other john encountered a road block and changed his direction before we could block off a location and we were abo  newline  i do nt give a damn about how you planned on dealing with the problem i want to know why this even became a problem in the first place !  newline  well sir it looks like the computer had a glitch in it s calculation .  newline  that s complete bullshit that computer can predict the future and tell us how to prepare for any obstacles weeks in advance and you mean to tell me that it did nt detect a roadblock ?  newline  well it looks like it mr . duemont .  newline  i think that something else happened today jack and that if you ca nt find me any anomalies within the next hour you ll have to be removed from the agency .  newline  yyes sir .  newline  we exist for one reason only jack , do you remember what that is ?  newline  to keep them from meeting each other sir .  newline  do you know why that is ?  newline  to keep the world out of its sight sir .  newline  then make sure that something like this never happens again . we got lucky this time we almost had to actually use that machine .  newline newline i just wanted to go check out the new coffee place that opened up nearby but it was blocked off so i had to go down into the subway . that s where i saw him at first i did nt think anything of it till i realized exactly what he looked like he looked like me he was even wearing the same clothes as me then all the sudden the subway went dark and i felt something  oh hey the lights are back on . why was i here again ? oh ya there s a new coffee place near by , why on earth am i down here though ?max sat on the bench . he sometimes sat there for entire days , looking , waiting . no one really payed him mind , everyone just walked past , too busy with their phones or calls or music . he was no one special , just your average high school senior . he was lithe and not very tall , he was built like a runner , but could take down most adults in a fight . he had brown , shaggy hair , covering his eyes and hiding his gaze . where he gazed was opposite the bench , an old , abandoned tavern , alfie s , sat there . it was rundown and graffitied . no one had gone in in years , well , until two weeks ago . newline newline the police had found a body , completely dissected , organs removed and placed in alphabetical order the organs had sustained no damage in their removal . the police had been mystified , they had never imagined that anyone but a surgeon had the skill , but there were no finger prints found at the scene , all suspects had solid alibis . they never suspected max . max lived two towns over , it was only a half an hour commute to the tavern , but the town s police never figured anyone from another town would commit a crime in their town . they were nt the brightest bunch . newline newline you see , ever since max was a young boy , he had been obsessed with death , murder . one time when he was just a boy , a man wielding a knife broke into his house , his father had dealt with the man , shotgun versus knife was no competition really . max saw it all , he saw how the shotgun tore a crimson hole through the man s chest . he listened to the man s breath last breaths , wet as blood slowly pooled into his lungs . throughout his life , he saw much tragedy , but it never made him sad , it made him curious . he had impulses , he wanted to see the bodies , up close . listen to the last breaths , to take them apart , see what everything looked like . newline newline the doctors gave him medication , but it made him feel weird , he liked being feeling in control , it made him feel ... whole . he stopped taking it about three weeks ago . newline newline max sat on his bench and pulled his coat tighter around himself . he hated the cold , it was nt his style . he liked the summer , to feel the heat of the sun on his face , not the sleet stinging his cheeks . it was about 9:30 at night by now , in the winter season , the street was as dark as midnight , only the glow of a handful of street lamps gave the street any light while the moon hid behind the black clouds . there was a bar next to alfie s , occasionally spewing out groups of giggling girls and stumbling men . newline newline max s knee bounced in anticipation , he liked watching the crowds , it was what held him over , mostly . there was a girl that walked out , she stumbled slightly , but managed to walk in a straight path , heading past alfie s . max s feet guided him across the street , he could nt control it , and even if he could , he did nt think he would stop himself . max whipped out his phone quickly and pretended to be texting , he was twenty feet away from the woman . fifteen . ten . max dropped his phone . newline newline he did nt really drop it , he sort of tossed it , it landed with a crunch , right in front of the woman . newline newline  shit .  max said , loud enough for the woman to hear . newline newline  oh my god .  said the woman picking up the phone and handing it back .  is it okay ?  newline newline max looked at his phone , his case had protected it from the fall .  it s okay .  max said with a relived sigh , showing the woman his phone . under the street lamp , he could see the woman . the woman was dressed in a tight fitting cocktail dress underneath her heavy wool coat . she had dark hair , flowing a little past her shoulders , her breath reeked of alcohol . the woman stared at max , he was an attractive boy , well , he was a man by law , but nonetheless he was very  hot .  newline newline  um ,  max shuffled from foot to foot .  look , i do nt normally do this , but , um , you re very attractive and , um , i know this is kinda weird , but , um , are you , um ...  max forced a blush to color his cheeks turning deeper shade of red . newline newline  yes ?  the woman blushed . newline newline  um , are you single ?  max blurted the last part out . newline newline  how old are you ?  the woman smiled at max . newline newline  i m nineteen .  max stated . newline newline the woman smiled ,  i guess that s okay , where do you want to go ?  newline newline max turned his head towards alfie s .  what about there ? it s abandoned right ?  newline newline  an abandoned building ? is nt that ...  her voice trailed off . newline newline  what ? my place is pretty far from here , why not ?  newline newline  okay .  she begrudgingly agreed .  i just hope it s warm .  newline newline max headed around the back the building , there was an unlocked door , i opened it and stepped inside . inside was a dusty bar , tables and chairs were scattered across the large front room . from there was a hallway that held the bathrooms and past that was a billiards room . the back door lead to the billiards room , max made his way to the front room to head towards the break room in the back . newline newline  you seem to know your way through here .  the woman commented . newline newline  i m just guessing .  max let loose a nervous laugh , their voices echoing throughout the empty bar .  speaking of which , i feel like an ass for not asking earlier , but what s your name ? i m max .  newline newline the woman thought for a bit .  shelby .  she said . newline newline  you do nt sound so sure .  max commented . newline newline  i am , i just was nt sure to tell my real name to a stranger .  newline newline  oh , okay .  they were almost to the break room . max opened the door and peaked inside ,  this is nice .  newline newline shelby looked at him ,  go on in ?  newline newline  ladies first .  max responded , swinging his arms towards the cracked door . newline newline shelby flashed max a smile , and stepped towards the door and pushed it open . newline newline she immediately took a step back , only to run into max .  what ... what is this ?  her voice trembled . newline newline max pushed her with no reply , sending shelby flying into the room , hitting the ground , hard . he calmly stepped into the room and closed the door behind him . newline newline  what are you doing ?  shelby screamed . newline newline max s face was a mask , showing no emotion , no reaction to her words . he picked up a knife and steel he had found in the kitchen from its hidden compartment from the ceiling tiles . he slid the blade over the steel , the knife making a grinding sound as it made contact with the steel . he set his gaze towards shelby . she had landed right next to the dark red stain , it was so dark it was almost brown now . shelby trembled , flinching as the knife was being sharpened . max set the steel down and raised the knife . shelby screamed . newline newline max sat on his bench . two weeks before the police had found another body , it had been dissected , like the other . the police were baffled . max was nt , he was more curious , this time , maybe he ll cut the chest first , see how the heart beats . that always seemed cool .and here i am . trapped like buffalo bills  latest victim . who builds a fucking , underground dungeon ! ? newline newline back on point , it  s actually not that bad down here . bit dim , but that just gives it that  you are going to die  vibe that all eccentric billionaires  strife for , right ? newline newline i  m trying to stay calm and not let this literal horror movie theme situation get to me . ive been trying to open this locked door for the better part of an newline newline huh . i guess i  ve lost track of time , no idea how long i  ve been down here . i  m not an expert lock picker or anything but i know a thing or two , and this door looks pretty old . meaning easier locks . newline newline problem is equipment , i need something flexible but sturdy . and therein lies the problem , i  m not really wearing hairpins , my cellphone doesnt really give me anything to work with . newline newline this area feels pretty open , it  s a flower garden or something . no trees though , no bushes . but they do have dead flowers and grass . and i  ve been gathering dead flowers and grass . managed to weave them together , making a shoddy stick . almost finished the second stick as well . newline newline for some reason , my back is sweating like crazy , i always feel like something is watching me from the shadows . newline newline huah ! okay , hope this works ! newline newline tick newline newline ah . almost ! newline newline tick newline newline this is harder than i remember . newline newline click newline newline i did it ! yes ! newline newline oh god ! why does the door screech so loudly ? if i hadn  t woken up all the ghosts , ghouls and demons , i definitely have now . newline newline it  s even echoing ! jesus , mother and mary ! wait how did that saying go again ? never mind . newline newline the lights come on automatically was i walk down these large spacious corridors . there are doors every once in a while . the hallway turns to the left and right . and in front of me is a huge door , i think it  s the front door . newline newline its barred shut with iron or steel . no way i  m pick locking my way out of this . newline newline hmm . maybe if i had something to unhinge this think . i need something long and heavy . i can create a ballista or something . what is it called again ? ballista right ? or was it pulley ? newline newline doesn  t matter . i  m going left . when in doubt , go left . wisdom my grandpa left me . never failed me so far . well , aside from when i took a left turn and ended falling down a trap door into this lovely resort . i  m just thankful for the mattresses , breaking my fall . newline newline why is everything locked ! ? i may have to start breaking down these doors , can  t be expected to lockpi newline newline ha ! would you believe it . a small wooden plate with hooks on it . and what  s on the hooks ? pair of keys ! haha , this is quickly turning around ! told you left never fails ! newline newline damnit . these don  t work on any of these doors . newline newline okay , forget it . i  m going right . this was a total dead end . worst case , i  ll try to pick lock the doors . sadly , that means i  ll have to go back and make new sticks . the other ones are clearly not going to work , wedge so far inside the keyhole , completely trashed . newline newline some of the walls are made from polished bedrock , like they just dug this place out . it looks really amazing , but that also mean there is likely only one way out of here , right ? newline newline who accepts an invitation from a billionaire to go to his creep mountain home ? damnit kenny , you are so stupid ! mom was right , i  m far too nave . newline newline could really use something to eat right about now . newline newline oh . this one is open . looks like the door has been ripped open by its hinges . newline newline is this the kitchen ? who needs a kitchen this big ? a family of twelve could live in here ! newline newline a pot , a pan . some bowls . no knives , no sporks , not even a spoon ! oh . a broom . okay , we have a broom now . newline newline now that i think about it , this place does seem really clean for an abandoned underground mansion . there is clearly electricity in here and motion sensors . fucking crazy people man . counting myself lucky this bastard hasn  t seen the saw movies . newline newline alright let  s see . three brooms , bunch of cans , no can opener . some pots and pans . some sacks of flour , because why not ? a mouse somewhere , saw that bastard scurrying about . hmm . newline newline i can rip apart these cabinets break them apart , get some thin wooden picklocks , i  ll be running the risk of them breaking inside the keyholes though . probably best to bind them in some of that grass rope . newline newline oh ! and table cloth . a lot of table cloth . those would probably work better as rope . newline newline i got an idea . newline newline alright just stay with me on this one . ill break the brushing part of the brooms , bind them to two of the pans . bam ! a hammer . hmm , it might be too light though . got it . i  ll fit a sack of flour in there . newline newline alright team ! let  s do it ! newline newline damnit . this is taking way too long ! i got to run back to the garden , get a stone and smack open these cans , need to eat something . newline newline alright . some , tuna . best meal of my life ! newline newline back to the hammer . this bad boy is look pretty good . might need a bit of work but should do for now . the table cloth really saved me here . newline newline let  s try to smack this door open . the weakest part should be where the keyhole is . it doesnt open towards me so this should be possible . newline newline heave ! and swing ! newline newline bam !  newline newline holy shit ! it worked ! a little too well , the door is pieces what the hell is thing made of ? ah old wood . newline newline i feel a bit silly now , i may have been able to just kick it down . but ! i  ve got an excuse , the door in the garden wouldn  t budge no matter how rammed into it . so , you know , i thought this one wouldn  t either . newline newline whatever , moving on . newline newline newline      newline newline okay lost interest at this point . but it was going to go towards finding stuff to make a pulley to lift open the bars on the front door . there was going to be an old , irritated man there . telling him that there were clues and puzzles he should have solved , not just brute force himself out by building tools and stuff . he then begrudgingly awards him with ten million dollars or something . newline newline sorry .trimble stroked his flamex in confusion . he also hovered undetected above earth s orbit receiving images from across the watery dirt ball . as his task was to evaluate it for surrender and resource removal , he has been gathering intelligence for 13 veps  150 earth years  resources were at peak viability and due for harvesting . trimble grabbed the communicator to place the command ... but wait . newline newline  enhance image  trimble giggled hearing himself speak english , a language he took a liking to for sounding like the farts of his species . the image enhanced and he noticed something . a change in the planetary flag of this tiny fledgling of a cosmic presence .  their coalition has changed ! how had i not seen it before !  he thought . newline newline the shapes were the same , but to trimble , the variance of change he saw was almost indistinguishable . 50 star shapes . earth had gone from a 13 planetary colony to a 50 planetary alliance . newline newline  holy shit !  trimble english cursed , as homeworld called out from the communicator  doogo floogo trimble sim   roughly translates to remove your earth tongue lieutenant general trimble  newline newline trimble divulged the severity of the alliance they possibly faced . hiding the truth to lessen the feeling of personal fault is an earth trait he never understood . he told them of the ripeness of the resources and at a 13 coalition it was ready for invasion , but that the earth had just been introduced into a massive conglomerate war force the like has yet been seen . newline newline unfortunately  thunderstruck  by acdc interrupted the last part of his transmission , so all homeworld heard was a 13 planetary coalition was ripe and ready for resource removal , and then the sounds of rock and roll . newline newline as music on homeworld was very different to what earth considers music , acdc was mistaken as solar interference and so trimble watched as thousands of ships left the solar port . he placed call after call to abort , but only received silence as a reply . he realized this misunderstanding would surely end homeworld s independence . newline newline the harvest fleet , consisting of 10,000 war ships , each containing 10,000 soldiers , along with 1,000 ships for processing headed towards a planet that trimble was convinced would either control them or destroy them , but in actuality , this watery dirt ball would soon have it s first encounter with lifeforms from beyond their stars , and it will not be pleasant .the phone was ringing , piercing the silence . the silence which had grown since the morning . all morning she was thinking , whether what he had said at night was true ? she was on the bed alone . he might have left in the night , she thought , she was nt sure . she had just met him , had a great evening and a even more wonderful night . he was a great storyteller , but she didn  t mind his lie . she had share of liars and charlatans , but something was different about him . his stories made her smile . she had forgotten she could smile , life as she had known was devoid anything worth smiling . she had smiled a lot that was her job , but with him everything was a bit more beautiful , a bit more worthwhile . the ringing continued ,  for god s sake , hold your horses , i m picking up .   she picked the call , only thing she could hear was sobbing .  please will you help me , i do nt know anyone else here .   he said crying .  i have killed someone .   newline newline her head was swimming as she was travelling down the road . she took the address and called a cab . as she was sitting in the cab going on the freeway , her head went back to the time they had yesterday evening . she had a date which hadn  t gone well , she was stood up . she was waiting for her date when she saw him across the bar . he was poring at the drink in his hand as if he was searching for some answers in it . his eyes had a sadness which encompassed the whole world . newline newline suddenly he looked up and their eyes met . he gave a tentative smile and she smiled back at him . she didn  t know or was even interested to understand what came over her as he got up from his seat and started towards her . she couldn  t take her eyes away from him . she didn  t know what she would say to him neither was she thinking straight . maybe it was her loneliness maybe it was the drink , but something about this felt right . she didn  t understand what was that gave it away that she was in need of some company . she broke off the eye contact and saw at her drink . newline newline  is this seat taken  he said . newline newline she just shook her head , she could nt trust herself to talk . she had her share of guys , but there was something different about him . maybe it was the way he seemed to walk , the way he looked at her . his bright smile which took away all her disappointment about the night . he sat down and introduced himself . he was an out of towner , here on a business trip . his day was also disappointment , his trip was for naught . he was very free in sharing , and they talked till the bar closed . he was staying at the hotel down the street . newline newline the last thing she remembered about the night was him whispering in her ears ,  never stop smiling , it is the rain after a long summer , it is the warm sun on a cold winter morning . i wish to see you smile for the rest of my life .   newline newline she could nt understand why was she going , what was the reason that she trusted him when everything pointed at him being a criminal . she could nt understand anything he said , but he was being framed . or so he was saying , but she trusted him . it was difficult to understand the reason for this trust , but she went . what she saw as she arrived changed her whole life .aleksander sat on his cot in the swaying belly of the ship , turning the burnt ring over and over in his hand . it was a simple thing , cracked and banded with iridescent color and blackened edges where cheap silver had once shone . newline newline he remembered so little . his wife s face was gone , as was that of the child they had taken in . their names were ashes on his tongue , dissolving away like all the others he had known . he was nt even sure if he d had parents . well , true parents at least . newline newline but , though he could not recall his childhood or a single member of his family , he remembered the pain as he dragged himself through the snow . shiny , cracked skin tearing and letting blood steam against the gossamer frost with every move . hands seeping and aching as he lifted himself after each fall . he remembered that all too well . newline newline the dread as well , he remembered . he had tried so hard to save his village when they came . his neighbors and loved ones hid as he had wanted and he took to the street when the torch lights were seen on the horizon , echoing their arrival against the pitch night sky . he waited in the dark square of his village , fat flakes of snow catching in his hair and melting down his face and throat . he felt fear churning in his stomach . newline newline they came and they screamed and raged against him . for a while he was afraid that his neighbors might break their promise to stay hidden and help him , but they did not . they knew what the crusaders did . newline newline but these were nt the crusaders that they knew and feared , these were a splinter of men full of hate greater than even their predecessors . a splinter galvanized from the shattered remains of the human rebellion . a splinter that aleksander had not heard about out in his small village in the siberian wilderness because any who knew of them was dead . these crusaders did not take kindly to those who consorted with the devils of the night . newline newline five men lashed him to a post they erected and the rest went from house to house , dragging his neighbors out into the street . they shrieked and writhed against them , and a few even fought the crusaders , but no matter how they struggled it was for naught . newline newline aleksander begged and pleaded for them to stop . he saw them , a group of them , approach his home . tears joined melting snow as he beseeched them . they broke the door with an axe and entered , one at a time . the metal chains holding him to the post cut and bruised his wrists as he tore against them , his captors striking him relentlessly to keep him still . he heard her scream , their child cry . he felt his slow and steadily beating heart fall out of his chest . newline newline he could not remember what happened after that . it was a haze in his head . anguish and despair handing him over to death with ease , though death had not taken him . he wonders if it had rejected him and his burnt form . if it had seen into his heart and knew that he had not tried as hard as he could ve . or perhaps they had just lit a poor fire . he could nt care less . newline newline he drank what he could from his neighbors and wept as he did , knowing that he had failed them . he could not remember them , the flames had taken so much that it was all his body could to to keep him alive , much less to retain the centuries he had lived . but he kissed each of them on their forehead after he drank and begged forgiveness . newline newline he remembered laying with his wife and child for a long , long time , curling against their disfigured and broken corpses as though they still held warmth . cold air filled their home through the broken aperture and he gripped them more tightly . they were all that he had had . they were human , as he had been . they loved him . he loved them . they were no more . only a feeling . newline newline he turned the ring over again in his hand , cold metal against new skin , and listened to the waves crash against the wooden hull around him . the new world held promise for him . he hoped to find purpose there . and if any man , woman , or beast tried to take that purpose from him as they had before , they would feel the flame that burnt where his heart had been .it was a beautiful day . newline newline rain beat down on the windowsills of jeffrey s apartment bedroom . he lived on the 66th floor of the grand luxury ulysses , which was nt particularly luxurious or grand when compared to many of the other surrounding skyscraping condominiums . this was a good thing . it allowed him to strive for more in life . in the meantime , the view was fantastic and the lack of a working elevator kept him in exceptional shape . everyone in the building liked it like this , so the repairmen never saw the need to bother fixing it . newline newline jeffrey s father had passed not long ago . yesterday been the funeral . he smiled as he looked at the picture of his father that he kept beside the bed . he had always depended on his father . still , the funeral was a positive experience . he could nt quite figure out why , but there seemed to be a silver lining in putting the whole business behind him and celebrating his father s life . newline newline the rain seemed to be letting up . that was the nice thing about storms . they d always end , and the sun would always peek through . it was the sort of sight that filled you with hope and happiness . he contemplated this over a cup of coffee that was not as good as other cups of coffee in recent memory , which only made him smile . newline newline today was , after all , an important day . it was the pilgrimmage . newline newline jeffrey met mary outside of apartment building . he greeted her with a smile and she returned it warmly . already the streets were beginning to fill with people making the pilgrimmage on foot . newline newline they walked for hours , greeting people they knew and often being greeted by people they did nt . the entire thing brought everyone together in thanks for what they had . certainly the lineup outside of the complex would be long . perhaps they d even stand in it for days . that hardly mattered . newline newline as people filed in to the massive complex standing shoulder to shoulder five wide , they were invited down whitewash hallways by attendants wearing special hospital gowns . these people were here to look after the health and wellbeing of the chosen . the complex was massive , able to see to the chosen s every possible need . it provided or activities , adventure , comfort , meals  but it , of course , was still prisonlike and always in lockdown except on the day of the pilgrimmage . newline newline today was certainly different . jeffrey and mary made their way through the long corridors with the rest of the smiling pilgrims until they came upon a windowed door in a final darkened hallway . a gentle , calming music played through speakers in the ceiling . each pilgrim would pause at the door , say a quiet prayer , then turn around and leave . jeffrey approached the door and peered inside . newline newline thick , padded walls . no objects . simply a frail , skeleton of a man with a grey , haggard face and wide , bloodshot eyes sitting in the corner confined by a straightjacket . a mess of blood and hair in the midle of the floor where , even in here , it had somehow managed to injure itself . it looked straight into jeffrey s eyes , and opened his gagged , bloody mouth as if to let loose a terrible scream . but it could nt . the chosen had , many years ago , become the sole receptacle of all negative emotion . clearly it was too much for any mind to handle , and it had been twisted and tortured beyond insanity . its head slumped momentarily , but before long a new frenzied struggle against the confinement of the straight jacket began in vain . newline newline jeffrey felt a soft hand on his shoulder . he turned to see mary standing beside him with a smile on her face . he smiled back . newline newline it was , after all , a beautiful day . it s a sausage fest , jeremiah ! , a goddamned sausage fest !  stevens yells at his colleague while still pointing angrily at the newest statistics . newline newline  calm down , we have to go over this again , carefully , methodically . we need to know what went wrong .  jeremiah said , trying to maintain his demeanor in this crisis . newline newline  the latest focus groups of those who decided to change sex came in , we already know what went wrong , nobody wants to be a goddamned woman .  newline newline  what were their reasons ?  newline newline  it ranges from things as trivial as sexism , double standards and the existence of a patriarchal society  or whatever those people call it , and it can be as solid and simple as the fact that nobody wants to go through menstruation .  newline newline  wait , so they d rather be male than have to go through menstruation ?  newline newline  have you tried it ?  stevens asked , jebediah merely nodded no .  well i have , it s more than just a fucking annoyance , i tell you .  newline newline  are you sure you re not going through one right now ?  jebediah chuckles . newline newline stevens becomes even more visibly irritated , but takes a moment to alleviate himself .  this is serious jeb , if we do nt correct this somehow , we may be looking at a large drop in our population growth in the following decade , which will only get worse as time goes on .  newline newline  what do you propose ?  newline newline  we end the project .  stevens said in a calm , collected breath . newline newline  are you insane ! ?  jeb jumped out of his chair .  the social backlash alone to repealing this project will be immense , not only that , but we d be left with a population that is predominantly male , our population would still be at risk .  newline newline  it s our only option .  stevens said , almost hopelessly so . newline newline . newline newline . newline newline . newline newline writer s note : really did nt know how else to end this . newline newline name ?  newline newline an imposing figure sat on a large golden throne in front of me . newline newline  uh , k.. kevin  i stammered ,  kevin muh.. mc sweeney  newline newline his eyes bored into me , weighing my words , measuring my worth . newline newline  kevin , is it ? let me see here.  he riffled through a large tome with miniscule writing and i could swear i saw the text writhe and crawl over the page . newline newline  i don  t seem to have someone by that name with your description  he measured me once more and slowly closed the book . he let his fingers trail down his beard , suddenly looking very old indeed . newline newline  now that i think on it , there is something strange about your presence.  his eyes widened with shock  you are not one of mine  newline newline his large finger pointed at me , trembling . spittle flying from his mouth as he rose from his throne . newline newline  impossible  he screamed ,  it can not be , only i have the power to grant life . only i am god  newline newline his eyes darted up as robed figures with folded wings entered the room . they held a staff in one hand and a shield in the other , unblinking as they made a ring around us . once in their position a young man walked in , dark skinned and sporting long tousled hair . newline newline  father  he said , bowing and raising with his fist to his chest  i am sorry that it had to come to this but it was i who brought kevin here.  newline newline the young man looked at me and smiled with what i could only describe as pride . newline newline  jesus ?  god whispered . newline newline  i am sorry father but i could not stand by any longer . i watched as you set man against man in bloody warfare . i sat on my hands when you wiped out half of your children with disease . i even bit my tongue when you turned nature herself against them . but this time you have gone too far.  newline newline  you ungrateful   god began with a snarl . newline newline  silence  jesus rose his hand and all the soldiers rose their staff in unison . he looked at me and beckoned me to join him . newline newline  i have spent millennia trying to create life . i have dreamed of this moment since my own father let them take my life . oh , i have failed and wept as my creations would breath life only to be extinguished a moment later . but you my beautiful son , are my first success and will be the herald to a new genesis.  newline newline as he dropped his arm to embrace me , forks of lightning arced from the staff of each soldier and engulfed a weeping god . newline newline as his ethereal body began to unravel , he called out  why ?  newline newline jesus looked at him with sadness in his eyes . he coughed and steeled himself and looked down at his father and said  of all the travesties you have unleashed on the world , donald trump is just unforgivable.  newlinehonduras ? damn him ! damn his evil heart ! newline newline i d developed my cuteproof goggles for japan ! all the clues he dropped , all the intelligence i was able to acquire  everything pointed to japan ! it made perfect sense , of course  something about the way the japanese draw their little grumpy cat characters with the eyes that are so close together and ooh ! i saw this cute little egg , one time , and it s mouth was do high up and aaaaarrrgg so damn adorable ! and then there was that little fat robin that ... wait ! snap out of it ! curse you , japan . why must you make everything so damn pudgy and helpless ? newline newline so my japanproof goggles were going to be useless . my arch nemesis was nt even going to be there . he d set up his hydrogen missile silo in the middle of la mosquitia . how could i have fallen for his trickery ? now i had no time to fully prepare . regardless , i ventured forth . newline newline the battle to reach my nemesis was glorious . his otter henchmen were no match for my electoshock gloves . when i d bend down to cuddle them they d be zapped into unconsciousness . my gloves were nt strong enough to subdue his adorable puppies , but turning up the power any more might kill the otters . in my research i had discovered that nothing scares puppies more that eagle testosterone , and so i slathered myself in the stuff . the only time i ever saw a puppy was a brief glimpse as it sped away yelping . the kunekune pigs were unexpected , and i spent about five minutes giggling and chasing them around . of course , i had prepared for such an attack , and my 5minutedistractionaugmentedrealityvisor dropped down , changing the pigs into unwashed sumo loincloths . the power of the visor was nowhere near as strong as the goggles i d developed for japan , and i knew the battery was going to run out in less than five minutes . when it did , if i saw those pigs for what they really were , i d be lost . newline newline i sprinted towards the main chamber of the missile silo with my visor on . unwashed sumo loincloths jumped around me , but as the visor s power deteriorated , one loincloth would flicker and briefly become a robo hamster , or a norwegian forest kitten , or a panda . thankfully i made it through everything and came upon my nemesis , who was standing before me , gleefully prancing around a covered cage . newline newline  ah , you ve made it further than i thought !  he giggled . he was wearing a bunny costume , but i tried to not notice it . newline newline  i m here stop you , snuggles ,  i announced boldly . newline newline  tee hee ! before you try anything funny , perhaps you should feast your eyes on these !  he cried , whipping the cover off the cage . newline newline  my god ...  i murmured . newline newline honduran white bats .i enjoyed this  you did a great job of depicting the romance of a first time in paris . maybe you ll never see the person again , maybe you will , but it s a wonderful feeling to be abroad and intoxicated with a fling . newline newline i would caution that you sometimes tend to tell rather than show . an example   juan had a way about him that was determined to find the good and the interesting in everybody he met .  this is telling us how juan is  give us an action to show it , and then do nt tell the reader about the quality , let them arrive at the conclusion themselves . newline newline but you also have some quality writing here as well . i really enjoyed this passage : newline newline  when i look back on this event in my life or try to share it with others , it does nt sound particularly fantastic . having sex in a hostel bathroom is nt a story anybody finds romantic , and in a way , it was nt romantic at all . it was fun . it was free . it was absurd . newline newline this is an excellent description of how an experience can mean far more to the one telling the story than can ever be communicated . newline newline thank you for writing this .pointed pale pink ears twitched in curiosity . i looked around and saw nothing but pastel colored clouds and a stone pathway twisting and turning , into the ambient horizon . my hands were still fresh with his blood but i had no way of cleaning myself . i turned around and saw he was still on the ground where my ruby arrow had pinned him down . i had used a single arrow which had been carefully crafted from the flame trees in the firegrave forest . a single rube had been wielded to the arrow s tip to give an extra burst of power . it had done its job , as i had done mine .  get up , face your judgement , accept your fate .  i said , my black leather boot nudging the man s leg . newline newline a groan was released from his lips and he stirred . his grey eyes opened and i saw a series of emotions circulate : confusion , fear , anger and finally understanding . he got up and pulled the arrow from his chest and handed it back to me .  why are you here ?  newline newline  it is the duty of every officer of the kinder kingdom to kill themselves after their 100th case closing . you were that case .  i replied . newline newline  i never understood that vow .  he chuckled as i took it back from from him and began to observe its craftsmanship .  it is a lovely arrow .  he commented and my green eyes looked up to meet his own .  i should feel privileged to have been killed by it .  newline newline  i was so tired ... of everything .  i whispered .  i wanted to catch you for your crimes but ... i also needed to be set free .  i turned back to the path we were supposed to take .  i have read plenty of old texts but they seem to fail me .  i laughed a little , my thoughts avoiding how my husband and family will be informed of my retirement . we were never allowed to say how many cases we had under our belt but i m sure he knew it was going to happen soon . newline newline  we walk until we find our maker or whatever we re supposed to find .  newline newline  i m surprised there s only one path for the both of us .  i said . the murderer laughed and nodded toward the path . i followed behind him , knowing this would be good for us both , even if we had spent the last four months playing cat and mouse . the chase was over . everything was over .  not many people get to go out on something so thrilling . i had an old partner who s last case was helping a famer repair his fence after a rampage of baby dragons went after his sheep , he used the hammer to then bludgeon his own head .  i said as we began to walk . newline newline  at some point along this walk , you re going to ask if i regret the horrible deeds i ve done ...  newline newline  do you ?  newline newline  no .  he smiled .  do you regret your career , the time away from family ?  newline newline  ... no .  i sighed .mary saw a strapping young man with brown hair . newline newline they met five years later , newline newline but not before he developed an addiction to heroin . newline newline newline newline steve saw a beautiful redhead . newline newline they met at a bar the next week . newline newline she grew up in a broken home , so this gave her the tendency to avoid going home sometimes , even if steve was waiting . newline newline newline newline newline alan saw a blonde woman . newline newline they met the next day . newline newline she did nt believe in soulmates and slept around with quite a few men . newline newline newline newline newline i looked in the mirror and saw myself . the person who owns the mirror says i should be lucky . this means that i m free to love whoever i want to without being tethered to their faults because those who look into the mirror and find a mate tend to  force  the relationship before it s supposed to happen . the owner then told me that quite a few people see themselves and only an unlucky few are tied to a soulmate .disclaimer : i do nt know how to do drugs . when i write about them and the effects thereof , i am probably not being accurate at all . i am okay with this . newline  newline newline lysistrata stared blearyeyed at the cans of spraypaint . the craft store s lights  damn those fluorescents  cut down on her . she felt woozy except for her head , which felt compressed . she was sure this was apparent to other people , but she found herself being rung up anyway . newline newline you d think they d have a bit of decency ... not let someone who was clearly an addict buy this ... but noooo ... newline newline ... oooohhhh was this going to feel good . the car ride was a blur . she parked outside her garage  walked around unsteadily . did she hit a goose ? she must have . her grill was dripping feathers . she , a grown woman , closed her garage door behind her  plopped onto the cold floor of it like a child . her bichon frise scrambled to the door  whined , but she did nt want to see her bichon yet . newline newline lysa located a bag . any bag would do  this one happened to be from a bagel shop . she paused to scramble with the cap of the spraycan . the inked mascots on the bag stared through bagelmonocles . newline newline she sprayed the inside of the bag  cupped the opening around her face . then she took deep puffs ... newline newline with wet splats , elmo and melvyn einstein fell off of the bag in a heap . they fell onto her knees  she screamed , kicking out , sending elmo s bagel ricocheting off the garage door . melvyn rolled to the side before she could kick into his puffy beard . his face fell when his own bagel rolled under the lawnmower . newline newline the two men exchanged glances , then tilted their heads toward the passedout woman . newline newline a few minutes later they had dragged her inside  propped her in a chair . elmo was making coffee  melvyn had the bichon in the puff of his beard . both brothers made delighted baby noises at the canine , who wagged its butt with such fervor its tail nearly flew off . elmo placed the cup of coffee in front of lysa  took the dog so melvyn could look around for bread  things to deliciously pile on said bread . newline newline lysa stirred ... then she stirred the coffee . she did nt want to look around at the two amiable fellows who were making nice things in her kitchen . the smell was heavenly . but . she d done it again ...  and all she wanted to do was go back to that torn bag in that dingy garage . newline newline well , better get the gun again .  lysa rose unsteadily .jenny let the phone ring twice before picking it up . newline newline newline  hello , welcome to the apple answerline , how can i be of assistance ? ... no , sir , that will not be happening . may i remind you that you are kindly requested to refrain from sexually explicit questions if possible when using the apple answerline , as per the apple answerline terms and conditions . have a good day .  newline newline newline the call centre had been open for 5 years now , and the allfemale group of operators still attracted a daily barrage of drunken , horny men who thought they were clever . jenny had quickly learnt to suppress her disgust  she had seen more than one of her colleagues terminated for allowing themselves an angry retort or witty remark . she was obliged only to answer questions , not to think for herself  a point which management pounded home at any opportunity . newline newline newline jenny let the phone ring twice before picking it up . this was protocol . she did nt care why . newline newline newline  hello , welcome to the apple answerline , how can i be of assistance ?  newline newline newline the caller took a deep , rasping breath , but then spoke in an oddly soft tone , as if singing a lullaby to a child . newline newline newline  tell me , dear . what is death ?  newline newline newline this was a rare one . she was asked for the meaning of life almost hourly . it was on page one of her handbook , but she had memorised it anyway . this one took a minute of page turning for her to find . newline newline newline  death is the end of life , sir . have a good day .  newline newline newline jenny pressed the blue  end call  button , and a moment later jumped as the caller s breath rattled through her headset once more . for the first time in nearly half of a decade , she was outside of her comfort zone . newline newline newline  bullshit . i did nt need to ring a phone line to be told that . tell me yourself .  newline newline newline jenny took a second to compose herself . she was a little startled , but she knew she was safe , and that this strange little episode would be easily explained away by her supervisor , who was listening in as always . for the first time in her adult life , she truly answered a question . newline newline newline  when the heart stops beating .  newline newline newline  and is your heart still beating ?  newline newline newline a chill ran down jenny s back , as if the cold finger of some supernatural entity were tracing its way down her spine . she knew that she ought to feel threatened , that she ought to throw down her headset and fetch a superior . but as almost every fibre of her being pulled her away , she felt a deep yearning within her , as if she needed to respond as naturally as she needed to breathe . newline newline newline  yes . of course .  newline newline newline a deep , throaty chuckle echoed through her ears . the soft voice , though comforting , took on a patronising tone . newline newline newline  you are not alive though , are you , jenny ?  newline newline newline at the mention of her name , jenny felt a sudden coursing of anger through her veins . who was this person , who knew her name , and had the sheer arrogance to answer her back ? how the hell did they know her ? she sharpened her tongue , ready to respond . but was cut off before she could begin . newline newline newline  you have sat at that desk , for years , i m sure . speaking . drinking . typing . that can not be life . if you had any ounce of true life left in your body , you would leave right now , and never come back . but you wo nt . you are nothing but a pathetic shell of your former self . you have all of the answers , but you do nt know a damned thing .  newline newline newline there followed only a low , electronic tone , as the caller left her as abruptly as they had come to her . jenny struggled for her breath . her head was a hive of activity , but she could nt pin down a single thought . she gripped the armrests of her chair . newline newline newline newline jenny let the phone ring . newline newline newline newline newline  approaching final landing sequence , vector correction thrusters online . steady her out , lieutenant .   newline newline   roger that , captain . thrusters steadying . applying left rudder , 6 degrees . quartermaster , can you see anything yet ?   newline newline the quartermaster did nt respond . his mouth hung agape as they dipped below the clouds , the surface of the beautiful planet coming into view for the first time to human eyes . dense jungles surrounded coastlines that were lapped by beautiful , crystal waters . out of the port side windows , beautiful flowing sand dunes were dotted by huge ... wait , what the fuck ? newline newline   are ... are those pyramids ? captain , can you confirm visual ?   newline newline everyone sat shocked within the craft . the landing suffered from the sudden loss of attention to the controls . a massive shudder gave way to a very bumpy landing , jostling around the crew and some tools inside . this did nt faze the crew , however  they all but burst out of their seats and into the expanse of desert they had chosen to land on . with awe struck glances exchanged , the crew scrambled up the dune before them and stared silently at the sight before them . newline newline   lieutenant , tell me you see this . those ... those are egyptian pyramids . the people down there , are they ... ?   newline newline the captain trailed off , but lt. knew what he was asking . yes , those were egyptian style pyramids . and yes , those appeared to be human beings gathered in the city before them . a small group was heading their way , shadowed by the wavy heat radiating off the desert sands . this was incredible . the captain began calling the ground crew back on earth , and the conversation was short and sweet . newline newline   captain , this is very important . take pictures and document everything . do not call again unless it s an emergency , the communication is causing problems with your body camera equipment .   click .  newline newline so , the crew set out to meet their welcome party . the egyptians had advanced quite a lot here since they left earth . they had many examples of modern technology or its equal counterparts , they understood space flight technologies , they even demonstrated examples of things we had yet to see . they found a way to counteract gravity . they discovered a way to prolong life into extremes . disease was a thing of the past ... newline newline society was a utopia . the most incredible part was how they got here . when the crew inquired , they simply pointed to the pyramids , which seemed to morph engines before their very eyes . it was all so surreal , everything was beautiful here ! the egyptians began speaking of other human culture on the planet , ranging from neanderthals to weirder ones , like scientologists . so many cultures had found a way here , somehow . the crew returned to their ship , moving on to call command and figure out the next mission objective . newline newline   command , this is captain linardi . co   newline newline  jimmy , i told you to get up ! you ll be late for school !  newline newline jimmy s eyes opened reluctantly , facing the clock which blared a warning that he only had 15 minutes before class . bummer ... that was such a cool dream , too .  sarah ? i know you said to wait till we get there  before asking , but , well , why are we walking into the abandoned warehouse ? in the middle of the night ?  newline newline  ...  newline newline  sarah ?  newline newline  do you trust me dev ?  newline newline  um , yes ?  newline newline  good . cause as soon as we step through this door . i m going to need you to remain calm . also , mind the spiderwebs .  newline newline  woah ... that s a really large pentagram . is it supposed to be glowing like that ?  newline newline  shut up dev .  newline newline  shutting up now .  newline newline greetings sarah . newline newline  spiny .  newline newline to what do i owe this unexpected visit . newline newline  shut up spiny , i m getting to that !  newline newline  ...  newline newline ... newline newline  ... so is this a bad time to ask why i m here ?  newline newline  dev !  newline newline  what ?  newline newline i concur sarah . what is this mortal doing here ? newline newline  urgh ! fine ! dev , spiny . spiny , dev . now that you two know each other , i need advice . relationship advice .  newline newline ... are you serious ? newline newline  do nt act like me having a crush is that unbelievable ! look , i ve listened to the both of you bitch and moan about your love lives . well , sit down , it s my turn .  newline newline  i m not really sure i m comfortable with this sarah .  newline newline  spiny s harmless .  newline newline  he s not the one i m worried about . plus , i really do nt know anything about love .  newline newline once again , the mortal has a point . how could we possibly help you ? newline newline  i m sure a hellspawn breeder and a divine slayer can put together a plan to ...  newline newline wait , he s a divine slayer ? newline newline  that s not the point ! focus ! i met guy and i need you two to , you know , find him for me and keep him bound . just for a bit .  newline newline intriguing . newline newline  i m not liking the sound of this sarah .  newline newline  shut up dev or do you want me telling spiny here about that civilian that made you cry .  newline newline  shutting up now .  newline newline  good . now listen . his name is gabriel and i m pretty sure he s one of the higher angels ...  as you all know , god has decided in his glorious wisdom that he will receive prayers through text . this miracle has been recognized by pope francis , and members of our church are being encouraged to utilize this direct channel of communication to the lord ,  sister clarence started . a few boys in blue tartan uniforms were giggling to themselves as she spoke . the nun reached for a ruler and brought it down on their desks with an unexpectedly loud smack , startling the pair . she continued . newline newline  however . this does not mean that our school will allow the use of cell phones in class . they are still forbidden . i  m looking at you , ms. jones ,  sister clarence looked over at cassie , who had slipped her phone into her pocket at the mention of her name . her classmates snickered . newline newline  now , for today  s lesson , we will be reviewing the ablative case . who can give me the ablative form of a second declension noun ?  newline newline cassie hated latin lessons . as soon as sister clarence turned her back , she pulled her phone back out . facebook was far more engaging than the grammar rules of a dead language . cassie had the brightness of her screen turned down to its lowest setting , but the white background of her news feed shone through the pocket in her skirt . newline newline  pssst ! hey , didn  t you hear sister clarence ? no phones !  olivia whispered , her lips pursed . cassie rolled her eyes . sitting next to the teacher  s pet was part of the reason she  d gained a reputation for getting into trouble . she was caught with her phone far more often than the other students only because olivia couldn  t see them . newline newline  fuck off , olivia ,  cassie hissed back . olivia glared , then her hand shot up . newline newline  sister clarence ! sister , cassie is using her phone during class again ! it  s in her pocket right now !  she gave cassie a smug and triumphant look . newline newline  cassie , hand it here ,  sister clarence said , extending her hand . newline newline  alright , fine.  newline newline cassie reached into her pocket slowly , turned the screen on , and opened the text message screen . her fingers were familiar with the keyboard and swiped accordingly . newline newline  ms . jones ! i mean it ! give me that phone !  sister clarence insisted . newline newline  just a secthere ! it  s all yours.  newline newline  thank you . now , the prepositions that require the ablative case are ? anyone ?  newline newline olivia screamed in agony . sister clarence turned and put a hand to her mouth , horrified . a wave of heat came over the classroom and olivia  s clothes started to smoke . suddenly , a bright orange flame erupted from her desk and began to consume the wood and plastic . olivia jumped out of her seat and flailed around the room , trying to put out the flames . newline newline cassie ran to the front of the classroom and grabbed her phone from sister clarence  s desk . hurriedly , she unlocked the screen and read the text : newline newline dear god . please let olivia burn in here .  newline newline  aww , shit .  ask me what it s like to live forever , james .  i asked him impatiently as my knife lingers near his throat .  ask me ...  newline newline the nervous , young man in front of me was struggling to get free . i could smell his fear and see the sweat dripping from his forehead onto my weapon . finally , he gave up . he looked me in the eyes .  what s it like to ... live forever ?  newline newline a smile came to my face .  it s great , at first . you live to see new inventions far beyond your time . you re excited to see all of these things happen that others would nt see . and you do nt have to worry about running out of time to learn new things or do stuff you ve always wanted to do .  memories of adventures in europe and asia passed through my head . learning the guitar caused the songs i learned to play back in my mind . i almost wanted to keep going like this . almost . newline newline  then ... it becomes a living nightmare .  i could see the surprise on james  face . he was nt expecting that .  you see your best friends die . you see your family die . you see ... you see the only woman you ve ever loved die . cold , rotting away , buried underground . gone .  i looked at james straight in the eyes to get my message across .  you see the human race at their worst !  i was yelling now .  you see the hundreds of wars they rage for petty reasons ! you see them think only about themselves and leave the helpless in the dust ! you see hell ! you live in it ! that s what it s like to live forever !  my throat became hoarse from my screaming . my face looked downwards as all of these memories joined my joyful ones . newline newline i could feel james  pitiful eyes on me .  so ... that s why you have to kill me . i m a bloodrelative to you , are nt i ?  i nodded my head solemnly .  that s why my parents are dead , your own blood . killed by your hands .  again , i nodded my head .  and it s another thing you ca nt live with .  once more , i nodded . newline newline  yes  , i finally let out .  it s all true .  i stared into his eyes again .  that s why you must die now , james . so i can finally rest in peace .  newline newline he stared back at me , gaze unwavering . there was still pity in those eyes , but defiance as well .  you selfish bastard .  he spit on my face .  i hope you go to the real hell !  newline newline i wiped the spit out of my eyes and grinned .  i m already here .  my blade silently traveled over his throat , spilling his life blood . as he dropped to the ground , so did i . as i laid there , feeling the life oozing out of my body , i laughed .  finally . take me now , you bastards . i do nt want it anymore .  newline newline darkness took over , and i was finally able to sleep . newline newlineas thousands of users watched the timer go down , everyone held their breath . when it suddenly back up all the way . newline newline  who the hell ! ?  was heard , screamed onto the online voice channel . newline newline  it s jack . his title just changed .  newline newline  we agreed for no one to do it again ...  newline newline at the timer ticked down again , it reached a point it never did . so close to the end , the decimals showed . 1.1 second . 0.8 second . half a second . a quarter . then , the timer ended . thank you for your cooperation showed the browser window , the timer flashing 0.0 seconds . newline newline then , the world turned white . newline newline  newline newline buzz buzz buzz newline newline my alarm woke me up , like always . as i looked at the time , i realized it was 8 in the morning . i had only a few moments to reach my computer . newline newline  welcome .  said the robotic voice in my headset .  connecting to chatroom ...  newline newline  here s our savior .  said someone in the chatroom . newline newline  hey everyone . sorry , i m late . how s the timer ?  newline newline  15 seconds left . i hope you have your page ready .  newline newline  i did nt close my computer just so the page could stay up .  i said , my cursor hovering over the ui element .  clicking at 2 seconds .  newline newline  and ... 58 seconds more to the timer . if we keep at it , we should be able to have close to two years and a half this time around .  newline newline  after so many cycles , it would be time . good luck , boys , i ll be back tonight for my watch .  newline newline  newline newline  what s up boys ?  i said as i entered the chatroom . newline newline the room remained silent . newline newline  anyone here ?  i tried again . newline newline a single message came in . check the page newline newline  what s this masquerad what ? !  newline newline the experiment is over . thanks for participating .  newline newline  it s been like that for 5 minutes now .  finally replied someone in the room . newline newline  so ... it s over ? we are free ?  newline newline  i will officially announce it in 5 minutes . the button has freed us ...  newline newline   when i read the title , i had to do a reddit meta .  my love , newline newline i miss you and the child terribly . life in the trenches is hard , but bearable , knowing that newline newline a fold and several stains coat the paper .  newline newline   newline newline to whom it may concern : newline newline no words can express my sorrow for your loss . gerard was a brave man  a good soldier , one who anyone could be proud of . newline newline war is hell . men who would otherwise have been brothers are pitted against each other and forced to kill to survive . we soldiers are not enemies  these wars are fought by politicians , not by the men in the field . newline newline gerard was a remarkable man . he did nt let his fear for his own life turn him into a killer  he held to his morals in the darkest and the most hellish of environments . newline newline i wish i was as much of a man as he was . i killed him with a knife to the throat  out of fear , out of cowardice , out of my own inability to see past my need for survival . newline newline i know it wo nt help , but i m sorry  i should have been the one to die , not him . newline newline i killed my brother  we were all brothers . newline newline in the end , we differed only by the side of the trenches we were on . newline newline p. bumer newline newline   newline this is a reference to erich maria remarque s all quiet on the western front .  if you have nt read it yet , look into it it details some of the horrors of war , and the loss that comes with them . newline newline questions ? criticisms ? want to see more ? check out more of my stuff at rdraxagonthe supers had kidnapped me in my sleep . that much was obvious . the how was the interesting part . i did nt even wake up during the move and here i was in the most luxurious amd comfortable room i d ever seen . hell , even the pillows in the huge king size bed were the right range of firmness . there was a soda fountain and a snack bar and the walls were soft , plush velvet . newline newline that did nt make me feel any better , as master mind and brute force were in the room , watching me wake up . as the only person in the entire world who did nt have super powers , i was used to people laughing at me , mocking me . hell , i d even come to expect scientific curiosity . but what i saw on their faces was different . it was something i had never seen in someone else but knew the feeling by heart . it was worry . newline newline i threw the covers off the bed and stood , stumbling slightly in my haste to get up . brute was immediately by my side , ensuring i did nt trip and holding me like you would hold a baby . or like you d hold an armed grenade , if you didnt have the physical endurance of 32.5 me s . newline newline  what s going on ? where is this ? where am i ?  i asked them . i looked down .  where ... where are my normal pajamas ?  these silver cloth pjs were definitely not mine . newline newline  calm down , paul ,  master mind warned me .  we do nt want to get your heart rate up . stay calm , breathe evenly . and be more careful , we would nt want you getting hurt .  newline newline  was that a threat , master mind ? are you going to have brute force here break my arms ? what did i do to deserve this from two of the world s most revered heroes ?  newline newline  oh no ! by no means ... no , we ve got you here because you need protecting . for everyone s sake .  newline newline  what are you talking about ?  newline newline master mind sighed , rubbing his temples . he walked to a plush , red velvelt chair and sat , scrubbing his face with his hands .  do you feel any different ? did something happen to you recently ?  newline newline ah , my old friend worry . i felt it creeping in , at the back of my mind , like sand filling a hole left in the beach after attempting to dig a moat . unless you were sandman , who won the yearly sand castle competitions . newline newline  nooo ... why ? do i look funny ? i do nt feel super strong or anything .  beside me , brute force silently shook his head , backing away from me . newline newline  miss fortune ? you may come in now ,  master mind called out . one of the velvet walls swung open and a woman walked in , a super who i had never heard of . weird . why would two of the best heroes in the world be working with a nobody ? and why was that door hidden until just now ? and why was there no door handle on the inside ? and here comes worries friend , fear . newline newline miss fortune ... was extreme . it was hard to desrcibe what she looked like , other than saying she looked like one of the two extremes . upon first look , she was a hag , a crone , a wizened old woman , hideous and with shadows where her teeth were . but she walkdd upright and proud and when the lights fell on her , her teeth glinted and her full lips framed a beautiful smile and she waa literally the most beautiful woman you d ever seen , until she walked back into the shadows . it was disorienting , to say the leaat . she walked to the wall and sit in the shadows , her dark hooded eyes watching me . newline newline master mind cleared his throat .  miss fortune , would you please explain the circumstances for mr. paul here ?  newline newline out of that wizened old face , a sound like honeyed wine flowed .  you re not super . you re a plauge now . you re a villain with no end , a hero with no counter . and no one knows why .  newline newline  uuuhhh.. what ?  newline newline master mind sighed .  you musy bear with us . miss fortune is a seer . the most powerful one there is . as such , there are prices to pay for her visions . she has trouble being concise . it s not an effect of her power , it s just her personal choice . is nt that right , miss ?  newline newline  fuck you .  newline newline  that s about right . just get to the point please . some of us are on very tight dea ... schedules .  newline newline i glanced at master mind .  you were about to say deadlines . why did nt you say deadlines ?  newline newline  because ,  miss fortune piped in ,  that would be in terrible taste . i had a vision , and before you ask , all my visions come true . they might not make a lot of sense sometimes and sometimes i only see bits and pieces , but the less i see , the more certain i am of it . and i only saw one thing regarding you , paul . i do nt know how and i do nt know why ... but the second you die , every super loses their powers .  newline newline silence . absolute . nobody spoke and whatever was outside the room was absorbed by the thick walls and the velvet on absolutely everything . newline newline i broke first .  what ?  newline newline brute force chuckled , a raw , rasping noise . he looked like he wanted to smash something , break something , but he alao knew that certain problems required more delicacy than he knew how to use . newline newline  you heard the lady , paul . if you die , we lose everything .  newline newline  but how ? i m not immortal . and i m weak . i m the inferior . everyone knows that i do nt do anything . the second i trip and hurt my head or get old and die , what then ?  newline newline  no one knows . miss fortune could nt get us more detail than that . but that s about as precise as her visions come . no ifs or buts about it . and just like that , you re the most important person in the known universe .  newline newline  and what if someone , like one of the league of international momentous evildoers decide to come after me ? what if they find out ?  newline newline  you do nt understand , paul . this is nt about good and evil . this is about the fabric of reality as we know it . they know . they ve got destructor and collosus outside this facility right now . they re protecting you too .  newline newline  the league ? what about  newline newline  yes ,  master mind cut me off .  the guild , headquarters , and the clandestine all know too . every major villain group , along with all major hero guilds , have sent representatives to make sure nothing happens to you . this is nt about good vs. evil anymore , paul . this is survival .  newline newline realization trickled into my brain .  this is a prison , is nt it . a cushy one but a prison nonetheless .  newline newline  yyess ...  master mind begrudged .  but do nt think of it that way , think of it as a safe house .  newline newline  that i can never leave ?  newline newline master mind rubbed his face again .  yeah . that you can never leave .  newline newline i sank onto the bed , dread filling my thoughts . and then , inside it all , a spark .  and if i refuse ? if i threaten to walk out of here now ?  newline newline brute force raised an eyebrow . master mind locked eyes with me . miss fortune did nt move .  in that case ,  master mind said , his voice a low hum that filled the silence ,  then we will stop you .  newline newline i laughed .  at what threat ? breaking ny legs ? encapsulating me in a space bubble ? no one has mastery over time . that s been proven  anyone who did would be executed immediately by international convention . and if you lock me in here , well goodness knows , i could trip and hurt myself or i could refuse to eat . hell , i ve heard that thousands of years ago , monks used to literally starve themselves to death .  newline newline master mind stood , looming over me .  you do nt have that much control over yourself . do nt make this more difficult than it needs to be .  newline newline i laughed again , deeper this time , trying my hand at a true , hearty laugh that i couls be remembered by .  try and stop me . i dare you . and from now on , know this . i m no longer paul .  newline newline i stood at the open doorway , hands on my hips , gleaming in silver pajamas . newline newline  i am cataclysm . it was the fifteenth in a row , and we were all growing terrified . local time was all that mattered , sleeping dignitaries and visiting presidents roused by the news .  russia has it .  newline newline it started two days previous , a simple game , russia vs. germany , it was supposed to be a reenactment of the failed world war 2 campaign when germany went off track and nuked moscow . russia retaliated beautifully , the loss of moscow spurring on the capture of every territory in one beautiful march . it was nt until the end of the game that someone pointed out the brilliance of the strategy russia had employed , a complicated end game push . there were whispers that moscow was a decoy , they were prepared for anything , the game was theirs from the start . newline newline france stepped up next in what would become the shortest known game in the history of global risk  thirteen days in game time  27 minutes to us . spain demanded a rematch , they came to france s aid . the russian president accepted gladly , the game barely lasting 30 minutes that time . newline newline china was the big one . six games in , russia were undefeated . when china went down for number seven , that s when news really started to spread . china demanded another . their gameplan was horrific , they abandoned all convention , attempted total nuclear domination , russia had launched perfect counter measures almost preemptively , the eighth game fell with china a radioactive wasteland . newline newline countries began to group up , china and america went down in the twelfth game , russia showed no signs of slowing .  they ca nt be beaten , they ve cracked it .  came the whispers . newline newline game fifteen ... game fifteen was where we all truly understood the fear . russia stood alone in an almost perfect simulation of world war three ... russia stood alone and won . newline newline we had created the ultimate tool for war , one that would stop it , but had unwittingly unleashed something we had nt seen coming . years of dedication , hundreds of games , russia had considered it practice . newline newline russia had perfected war . newline newline  gentlemen , if you ll excuse me .  newline newline no one spoke as the russian president took his leave , an unmistakable grin cloaked in the frightening tone of a man who s seen his fate : of a man who liked what he saw .  do it . do it . do it . you worthless piece of shit   newline newline   lay off em , would ya ? christ , give the man a break .   newline newline  please ... i beg you .  newline newline   oh , for crying out loud . shut the fuck up ! listen up . you re nothing to me . you re worse than the piles of trash you call home . just fucking do it .   newline newline  but ... but i love her . i do nt want to hurt her !  newline newline   look . mate , you do nt have to do anything . you re in control here ...   newline newline   him ? in control ? oh god , do nt get me fucking started . just fucking get in there and do it . do nt make me hurt you .   newline newline  ii would nt want that ...  newline newline   good . now be a good boy and get rid of that parasite .   newline newline   i suppose he s right , huh . she has been nothing but a parasite . she wants to get rid of us .   newline newline   bah ! get rid of us says she ? fucking do it .   newline newline  will ... will you leave me alone if i do this . please ? pplease ...  newline newline   hear that ? will we leave you alone   newline newline   chrissake , no we ca nt just leave you , you know ...   newline newline   leave him alone ! ? ahahaha , jesus you re a fucking moron are nt ya . just fucking do it already , i m tired of waiting ... .   newline newline  ookay ...  newline newline ... newline ... newline ... newline newline  dear ? no one else is here but me ... nno i ca nt untie you honey . the voices , they  you  i  i need to do this . st no . i have to do this . i have to .  newline newline ... newline ... newline .. newline newline ... newline .. newline newline ... . newline newline  it s done ...  newline newline   good it ll just be the three of us forever , bloody hell . this is going to be great .   newline newline   i guess you re right  it was not long ago that i could not even speak my name . newline newline when i first arrived on this new planet , i tried to discover what type of being i was . the god i spoke to had told me i became something more than human , but i expected to be a partdemon or elf . i did nt expect the change to be unnoticeable at the physical level . newline newline when i saw my parents for the first time , crying over my small body , i thought they looked just like humans , and they still do . when my mother took me to the market near our small home , i watched the dozens of new species of beastpeople pass us by . in a world that had so many options for me to reincarnate into , i seemed to have born again as a human . newline newline however , i could not have been more wrong . newline newline in this world , humans are mere slaves for the higher races . fortunately , i am one of these higher races . unfortunately , my race is not very much higher than human , and is well below the beastpeople . newline newline i am an elemental , and so are my parents . aside from us , i have not seen any other elemental , but that is because we live far from our home continent . my father land his brother fought in the second great war against the avalons and the dionscans , but his brother lost his elemental powers and became a slave . while trying to find his brother , my father lost the trail and ended up settling here . newline newline anyways , it s likely my uncle is dead . humans do not last long when enslaved by the beastpeople . newline newline when i learned i was an elemental , i naturally attempted to learn what this meant . when i asked my father , he told me something strange . newline newline  it s to be part of the universe ,  he said , not really answering anything . newline newline so , with such answers , i naturally asked my mother . newline newline  you ll understand when you become more ,  she said . i asked what i had to be more of , but she just kept saying more  over and over again . newline newline with my parents unable to tell me anything about being an elemental , i went to the market district and asked people there . newline newline  the elemental can swim long time not need air for breathe ,  said a crocperson . newline newline  elemental fire make hot but elemental not hot ,  said a imp . newline newline  wood is easy to break in my hand . elemental makes wood very hard to break in my hand ,  said a rhinoperson . newline newline from their responses , i really did nt learn anything . maybe that we can breathe underwater and strengthen wood , but what the imp said did nt make any sense . newline newline  are you going to stand there all day , or do you want to bring plates to customers ?  said the owner of the shop i was standing outside . newline newline this is how i got a job at grackochi s shop bringing food from the kitchen to the tables . my family and i were known around town as elementals , so i did nt worry about being made a slave . newline newline for some reason , my father was known as  ikoln the killer  . i guess he was tough back in the day . now he just seems like a doting father . newline newline almost a year later , i had my first runin with a slave dealer . he was a particularly nasty mosquitoperson . newline newline  to table four !  said grackochi as he handed me a plate of biclonian heart . a biclonian is basically a cow with horns like a rhino . newline newline i took out the plate to the mosquitoperson , and his slave received it . newline newline  jazi ,  the slave owner commanded the young slave to his side . newline newline  yes ,  the girl said , and picked up the biclonian heart in her hand , then held it out over the table in front of her master . newline newline i retreated a few feet , then watched as the mosquitoperson used his needlelike tongue to pierce the heart and suck blood from it . newline newline  not very fresh ,  he said , then paused a few seconds .  definitely a few days old ,  newline newline the slave owner pierced the heart again , but this time smiled more with his mouth below the needle . newline newline  ah , this is the good blood ,  he said , and at the same time i could see the slave girl jazi wincing . newline newline  boy , to table two !  said grackochi , holding a plate out to me . newline newline as i delivered more plates i also watched the mosquitoperson suck blood from the biclonian heart and occasionally jazi s hand . i do nt know which was more disgusting , his face , the way he ate , or the fact a human was having their blood sucked like a milkshake right in front of my eyes . newline newline in my previous world , i d only seem something so horrific on the internet . newline newline  hey , little human , are you curious about what s happening here ?  he asked me , just like an old pedo would as a child . newline newline  i just ca nt believe the way you re drinking blood from your slave while sitting there ,  i said to him . newline newline  if i drank from my slaves for every meal , they d dry up and die !  he said , and broke into a laugh .  humans are too slow to produce blood !  newline newline the misquitoperson reached out and grabbed my arm , pulling me towards him . before i knew it , his needle was inside me ... wow , that sounded bad . before i knew it , he was drinking my blood . newline newline  you not drink his blood ,  said a crocperson from the town . newline newline  fast let go !  said a hedgehogperson . newline newline the mosquitoperson was from out of town , but everyone from in town knew why it was a bad idea to treat me like a lesser being . newline newline but , even with their protest , i was still having my blood sucked . newline newline  i ll pay his owner , do nt mind it ,  the slave owner said , waving away patrons with his free hand . newline newline  you ll die ,  said my father , suddenly appearing between myself and the mosquitoperson . i did nt even see when my father s had struck through the mosquitoperson s head , causing a thick stream of blood to burst out across the patio . newline newline  newline newline sorry , i really meant to write something else when i started , but it turned into this . i saw it was nt really going anywhere , so i stopped here . i might do something more later .  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline science fiction is not a genre , nok . there is no such thing as fictional science ,  aung punctuated her remark with another lazy shot from her pistol . it hit its mark and the holodisplay dinged . newline newline  i just think it could make a comeback , you know . i mean , cyber romances are spreading across the net like crazy now .  nok fired her pistol , but missed the discs that arced across the sky . newline newline  romances are still a genre . people still feel love . nobody makes up science anymore .  aung waved her pistol haphazardly at nok .  just call it magic .  she shot again and the holodisplay rang out excitedly .  look , you re thinking too hard about it . you did terribly this round .  newline newline nok holstered her pistol in the machine and it enveloped it back into storage . she shrugged , and turned away to see if anything else in the arcade caught her eye . aung grabbed her hand as they ambled through the game machines . newline newline  but is nt magic just a simulacrum of advanced technology ? clarke always said  newline newline aung cut her off .  that was centuries ago . magic is just a crutch to ignore the laws of physics .  she sniffed .  nobody wants to read about something that will never happen . if it could nt possibly happen , then who cares ?  newline newline  would nt it be cool though ? to.. to.. to imagine a world where anything is possible ? every book ca nt just be about humans and boring earth colonies sitting around boring midrange suns .  newline newline aung rolled her eyes .  oh so we re just going to invent a whole race ? what will they be called , spaceelves ? stardwarves ?  nok let out an exasperated sigh and pulled her towards the exit . they walked out and she paused to look up at the shielded vacuum of space above them . newline newline  do nt ... do nt you ever wonder if maybe there s something more out there ?  she squeezed her hand . newline newline  no , nok , because it s been centuries . there s no one and nothing out there but more matter waiting for us to realign it . it s just stars and space dust with varying levels of entropy all the way down .  newline newline she sighed again and aung pursed her lips .  well ,  she said ,  if you did write science fiction , what you write about ?  newline newline  oh ... i ... do nt know .  she turned away slightly . newline newline aung laughed and pulled her closer .  you do , i know you .  newline newline she blushed .  i wanted to write about an armed spaceship . like , they ve been cast out from their home  which is at war , a really bad war  and then they re running away , right ? because they defied orders or something .  newline newline  mhmm , okay .  newline newline  and then they re out there and they discover an alien artifact . it s an ancient device they find on an abandoned planet , totally in ruins , but it still works . an alien appears and asks them what do they want more than anything in the world , and they say , to stop the war , so it sends the ship back in time  newline newline aung smirked .  shush ,  nok said before she could say anything ,  they go back in time , and then they re like ... back right before the big civil war that s destroying their home , so they try to stop it , but ... but somehow , they re the ones who start the whole war .  newline newline  well , at least it s not a paradox ,  aung said dryly ,  at least that s scientific .  newline newline  it s just an adventure story , i guess .  newline newline  then why have time travel in it ? everyone knows you ca nt go back in time . you might as well have a wizard wave his wand ,  aung waved her hands as if casting spells .  kapow , you re back in time . pew , you re in an alternate universe . zap , you re an alien .  newline newline nok pushed her away .  stop it .  aung stopped with a martyred look .  it s not funny .  newline newline  i m sorry , i m sorry , i just do nt think the nets will read it .  newline newline  it s different , okay ?  nok paused and looked back at the grand expanse of stars that stretched out above them . newline newline  it s not the best idea , i know . but fantasy and magic.. that s about humans , doing human things , that are fantastical and unreal . but ... but ... that s so insular . that s always about who we are removed from our worlds .  she stopped again .  i ... i want to write about something outside of ourselves but carries part of us with it . it s so lonely ... being the only things out here . humans are too comfortable .  still staring upward , she reached out for aung .  if it s just us , making a space civilization all by ourselves , spreading across the galaxy one habitable system at a time , there s nothing to remind us about what s bigger than ourselves .  newline newline she looked back down into her eyes .  we re small , you know ? we re just cyberorganic creatures crawling around this incredible canvas , but it s not art . it s not beautiful for the sake of being beautiful . it s so ... scientific .  aung smiled , and nok kissed her quickly . newline newline  science can be more than just physics and numbers and ... i do nt know , things that make us feel comfortable . science fiction is nt about the science or the fiction , it s about what makes science beautiful . all this order , all these laws and rules that define everything , sometimes it s more beautiful to break them . we need to remember what happens when science goes too far , or not far enough , and remind ourselves that we are more than just sentient space dust .  newline newline  we need a bit more asymmetry , aung . everything is such a perfect reflection of what we know it to be , i just want to write about some cracks in the mirror .  newline newline aung hugged nok , and brushed her lips against her cheek .  well , that was beautiful ,  she whispered .  if you write like that , maybe science fiction could make a comeback .  newline newline they both looked up at the thousands of tiny lights .  time travel is still stupid though ,  she said softly . nok punched her lightly in the ribs , and aung let the silent vastness overwhelm them for a moment longer . newline newlinenow this , this one ... . no , not that one . well , i guess i could ... . oh , oh ! a girl , a mystery , an unexpected ending ? what kind of girl ? i think i have nt seen many croatians lately . she could be tall . and thin . and sassy . and overlysexualized into the male fantasy further degrading the portrait of women in media ! nope . let s not be part of the problem . scroll , there has to be a prompt that does nt make me immediately jump to tall and skinny . newline newline oh , this . now this is interesting . what are the options with this ? newline newline i could go high fantasy  dragons , courts , kings , a queen off her rocker and down the next slope to the death swamps ! although , it s maybe a little more dystopian than it is fantasy , and i hate elves . who even cares about elves ? newline newline dystopia ... . like hunger games ! i could totally rip of hunger games with this prompt . but everyone is gon na see right through that as soon as the president asks for a sacrificial human . maybe not hunger games . newline newline plainjane coming of age . why not ? even i bought that shitty book about the girl that got knocked up . literally 300 pages later i was waiting for the rest of the plot . i could do a shitty coming of age thing just as good as that slop . newline newline or , maybe , i should just find something shiny on youtube . yeah , youtube .i stand atop the wall again . a great stretching white line surrounded by darkness to the front and darkness at the rear . i grip my spear strongly in my hands , feel the grooves which my fingers have over the long years carved into the stonemetal . newline newline there is a steady gibbering , laughing madness in the dark . the sound of it blends and crashes against the wall like waves against the ocean rocks . i wait , spear ready , my face is set in stone and i do not stand alone . newline newline a laughing , screaming call , and the soldier to my side is dragged into the endless night by their spear . the white aura of their spirit fades amidst a tearing , crashing , crunching sound and by the last sputters of his light i see teeth and eyes and salivating maws . soon he is but one more shadow in the dark . newline newline movement ahead and i strike out , met with a bloody squealing and squelching , and then that sound too fades into the periphery . again , and again , i strike out . once i feel a mighty tug , but this time my might is greater and my spear returns to me . newline newline to my side , they fall . they fall in great numbers , pulled into that dark . a tingle of fear and bile surges from my belly , but my face is stone . newline newline my muscles grow weary and soft , even the shrieks of a successful hit all blend together with the gibbering and the cooing and the laughter , and each time i am tugged i find it harder to yank my spear away . i am part of the motion of this time . the push against the pull , fighting the tide , and as i stumble a hand extends . newline newline the walls are emblazoned again with our sort , and my face cracks . rest , the one before me answers pleading eyes . you may rest a time. newline newline i fall back , to the darkness behind the wall , fade , and awake . newline newline to one private arnold , the true battle is forgotten , and he opens bleary eyes to a different sort of war . a war with screaming shells and the screams of dying men where before there was only the madness of the dark . where brothers fight brothers , and death is met , at last , in a silence alien to the truth . newline newline respite . yes mortal .  newline newline  i wish to find my perfect soul mate .  newline newline the demon stared at janis . what is wrong with mortals ? newline newline  you do realise knowing will cost you your soul yes ? this information will cost you your soul , ergo making you a souless being and therefore the information is moot .  newline newline  oh .  newline newline  yes oh , janis you moron .  the demon mocked  still wish to know ?  newline newline  no .  janis said  why are you telling me this .  newline newline  i m on strike right now , do you know who sets the price for information ? lucifer assmorning . do you know how worthless human souls are ?  newline newline  i thought they were important .  newline newline  no . no one gives a shit about you species except lucifer and the giant dick in the sky .  newlinehi , my names dave . thanks for letting me . come to this grief support group . i m 29 . in my free time i really enjoy going for runs . i love the fresh air , and the exercise makes me feel great . but the reason i started running was because of my dog , jasper . he was always so active . at least , until he got older . he had nt been himself for months so i guess i should nt have been so shocked , but ... well you guys know what its like to lose someone close to you . even if its just a pet . at least i can take comfort in knowing how good he tasted .it is the day of my nephew  s 24th birthday and i am to take part in the celebration as an honoured guest , an elder of the clan to be respected and revered . i am to be seated at his right , a position of prominence , the place his father would have been proffered had he been alive . i take this seat as his surrogate , the man who took him under his wing after his father , my brother , passed away over two decades ago . i raised him as my own , making sure he wanted after nothing , paving his way to the success for which he was destined . i say destined because he was born with an innate intelligence and a burgeoning talent which made future eminence inevitable . he is , in all ways , his father  s son . newline newline of all the memories of my childhood , the one which rings clearest in my mind is an afternoon spent at home in front of the television . the broadcasts of the day were dominated by the news of the death of kurt cobain , a selfinflicted shotgun blast taking his life at the age of twenty seven . we sat dumbfounded in front of the screen , my twin brother and i both ardent fans of nirvana . how could a man at the peak of skill and mastery , an individual whose sheer talent and intuitive grasp of the spirit of his generation , make the decision to end what he had built with his own hands ? our mother listened in as she prepared the evening meal and answered our question . her offhand yet poignant response would leave a lasting impression . newline newline  poor guy ... it  s as they say , the light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.  newline newline at the time i didn  t fully comprehend the significance of what she was saying but nodded along . my brother  s expression was one of grave seriousness , as if the words had set the direction of his whole life . in many ways it had , for that night as our mother turned the lights off in the room my brother and i shared , he whispered to me from across the room and began what would be his rapid ascension to glory , and simultaneously sowed the seeds of my contempt . newline newline  psst.. you awake ?  newline newline  yeah , what  s up ?  newline newline  what mom said about kurt cobain today ... what do you think she meant ?  newline newline  i dunno , something about a light and burning or something.  newline newline  i think she meant something else . a light that burns twice as bright burns half as long ... it  s like , the time we have to do something big , it  s not forever , y  know ? newline we only have so long to really make a difference , just like kurt did.  newline newline  so what , you wan na be a rock star like him ?  newline newline  i don  t know what i want to do , but whatever it is , i  m gon na burn bright while my flame is still strong.  newline newline i fell asleep quickly but my brother tossed and turned for some time . the next day i  d already forgotten what we discussed , falling back into insignificant amusements to idle away my youth . but my brother never again joined me in my childish pursuits , choosing instead to spend his time bettering himself , studying and honing his skills . he never wavered in his dedication and he continued to progress and achieve as i stagnated . by the time we graduated high school he was valedictorian , first in academics and athletics . i was the school layabout , caring more about smoking cigarettes between classes and getting drunk and chasing tail in the evenings . our parents heaped praise and admiration upon him and rained scorn and worry on me in equal measure . as he left for college , a full scholarship to the very best institutions to study politics and law , i remained behind to work mowing lawns and tending bar in the evenings . i couldn  t help but grow resentful  my twin , my constant companion and best friend , had not only left my side but completely outstripped and outshined me in every conceivable way . any time anyone ever spoke to me they would mention my brother , the successful twin that shone like a bright star over the pathetic shamble of my existence . i think of my seething emotions at the time and i share their contempt of me  it was , after all , my actions and choices that resulted in my condition  but hindsight by definition always comes too late . newline newline when he returned triumphant after completing law school , i made the decision . i smiled and hugged him , patting him on the back and congratulating him alongside the rest of my family , and when he retired that night i snuck into his room and asphyxiated him with a plastic bag . his death was ruled accidental and i joined the whole town in mourning the passing of their most gifted son . my conscience was clear . he and i entered this world as two halves of the same being , yin and yang in a state of perfect balance . by seeking to elevate himself he upset that balance and it was my responsibility to restore the equilibrium by taking his life . the fact that he had a girlfriend on the other side of the country that carried his child was his final act of spite , his way of upstaging me one last time even from beyond the grave . newline newline my nephew blows out the candles on his extravagant birthday cake . the guests raise their glasses and toast to his health and happiness . i lower the glass to my lips and the champagne passes down my throat like acid . i see in my nephew the arrogant selfsatisfaction of his father , the cocksure swagger and despicable vanity . he meets my eyes and smiles , his loving gaze shredding at my soul like razorsharp claws . he embraces me and i rise to deliver a speech . newline newline  ladies and gentlemen , as i stand in front of you i struggle to contain the pride i have for my nephew . i know if his father was here today he would feel just the same . my dear boy , i have watched you grow into the fine man you are today , and in your every feature i see your father . you are like my own son , and i can not express in words how much i love you.  newline newline tears well in his eyes as he embraces me again and the room fills with applause . i smile and pat him on the back , and all i can think of is the poison i have smeared on the lip of his champagne glass . when the time comes for me to bear his coffin and watch him buried next to his father , i know i will feel nothing but satisfaction . it is my destiny to send my nephew to the arms of his father . as our mother prophesied , the light that burns twice as bright must , as a law of nature , burn half as long . it is my lot in life as a dull flame to burn long enough to make sure that the brighter flames are snuffed out when they have reached their apex . newlineit was with an absentminded air that i jerked the fridge open and grabbed the peanut butter jar . hefting it with a grunt over my shoulder , i grabbed a laughably large knife and dumped them next to the substantial box that contained the bread . the actions were familiar now , if bothersome . newline newline the reinforced milk jug was a different dilemma . this required two hands and some dragging . katie kept putting it on the third shelf , even though i had reminded her just yesterday that if she did nt want me wearing a dent into the floor i needed it on the bottom shelf . with a gasp and a wheeze i managed to park that on the table as well . thank goodness the tables here were just as robust as the rest of everything . back home i would have been worried for the poor fiberboard we like to use so much . newline newline  hey katie ?  i called towards the door . newline newline  yeah ?  she sounded far away . probably playing a game in the next room over . newline newline  could you make me a sandwich ?  newline newline there was an audible groan , from her and then the couch . she walked lightly for someone so strong . strong leg muscles meant she could pad as quietly as a beetle . newline newline she was the same size as me , if a bit wider . her muscles seemed normal , now , after wow had it been already five years . they rippled and eased around each other as she strode over to the table . newline newline  aww , you already got the stuff out ? thanks !  newline newline  well , i mean  i fidgeted ,  even if i ca nt open the peanut butter at least i can pick it up ?  newline newline she grinned and popped open the jar with ease . the knife was light in her hand , but the bread was flattened under the force of her spreading . i grinned back . newline newline  by the way , could you change the light bulb in the bathroom ? they just shatter when i try to do it  newline newline  no problem !  such a small chore was just the sort of thing i excelled at . i spent much of my time handling things that could nt withstand much force . in exchange for a sandwich the least i could do was change a light bulb . besides , it might give me more spare parts to make a game controller so i could finally whup katie s ass at mario monster trucks .the dining room was filled with bodies . they were dressed in formal wear , sitting around the table looking to all the world like they were sitting down for a fancy meal . except each one of them had their throats cut . newline newline  what have we got martinez ?  the head detective , john smith  yes , he s heard all the jokes  asked his partner . newline newline  it looks like some serial killer shit man . each of these bodies are posed . i m thinking they were all killed around the same time . no decomposition yet , thank god . there are ten victims . think we should call the fbi ?  martinez rose his right eyebrow in question at his partner . newline newline  yeah , it looks like it . this looks like it s out of our league .  newline newline a gurgle sounded from outside the room . it sounded like someone trying to hold back vomit or maybe choking on it . newline newline john chuckled to himself .  you alright out there rookie ? go outside to lose your lunch .  newline newline martinez looked over at john .  take it easy on the rookie man . anyone would be repulsed by this shit . i m going to go check on him .  newline newline john nodded and started to take a closer look at the scene . around the table there were blood trails leading off to the other rooms . at least figuring out where they were killed would be easy . newline newline it was odd that all their throats were cut . if a killer was going on a rampage you would think he would have to stab all sorts of different parts . people just did nt stand still to get their throats cut . newline newline  who the hell would do this kind of thing ?  john spoke to himself out loud . newline newline  that is nt the proper question , detective .  a voice said behind john . he turned around and his eyes went wide . newline newline there in front of him stood a large man wielding a knife and drenched in blood . newline newline  you should be asking , is that man still here ?  newline newline the killer slashed the detectives throat before he could remember to draw his weapon .finally , after all this time ! as i approach the cave i feel the air crackle with power . and from deep within , a bright blue glow draws me forth . newline newline i always knew i was destined for something more . growing up in the village i would see the heroes ride through , stopping for the night and doing tasks for my neighbors . simple things , like delivering a package , or clearing a path through the grass , but i would hear them talk for weeks afterward about their encounter . flush with pride that mighty one chose them . newline newline but i was always passed by . i tried everything . i walked through the woods alone at night , when the monsters roamed . i set out rumors that my greatgrandfather had been a famed explorer and had hidden his treasures nearby . i even set loose a herd of oversized boars once , hoping that someone would appear to corral them back into the pen , praying to the gods that i would be in their path . but to no avail . newline newline then , one day , i heard a pair of travelers in the pub talking of a fabled item that would change a man s fate . that would put him on a path to notoriety and power . and i knew that this was what i had been waiting for . that it was waiting for me . i packed up my things and set off on a quest of my own . newline newline that was five years ago . and now , sitting before me on a marble altar , is the prize i seek . i can feel it in my very bones . it is an golden pendant , each link of its chain inscribed with a letter from an ancient tongue . and set at its apex is a blue stone , a light pulsing deep within that mesmerizes me . as i stare into its core it speaks in a voice soft as a whisper . newline newline finally , one who is worthy . you have traveled far , and lost much . now step forward and meet your destiny . newline newline excited , i reach out and grasp it , the stone nestling perfectly into my palm . newline newline the stone flares bright , and my skin begins to burn . i almost drop it , but grit my teeth as a current flows through me . my eyes fly wide , and before me i can see the parade of arrogant men and women who wrote me off without a second glance . their sneering faces mock me and i can feel the judgement emanate off of them as they look down their noses at me . newline newline the stone speaks . newline newline who are they , that they should deny you ? why should they become great while you toil your life away hoping for a day in their shadow ? they are nothing . they should be nothing . make ... them ... nothing ... newline newline my jaw sets as i reach up and fasten the clasp around my throat . i stride back out into the forest , and where my boots fall the grass withers . i laugh . newline newline i know now what my fate has always been . i was never meant for a simple life as a thread in someone else s tale . no , my calling is much , much higher . i have my own story , and i will carve it into the very earth itself . i will show those socalled heroes what true power really is , and they will tremble . newline newline let them come . newline newline  newline newline  thy fate is truly terrible ...   https : www.reddit.comrbensterriblefate the words drifted to our ears , like announcements at a fair , from aboard their great ship . it hung in atmosphere , but threatened to leave . in fact , they had begun the countdown to do so . to retreat to a safe distance and selfdestruct , for honor . to take their own defeat respectably . newline newline  humanity ... knows so little , of honor . of respect and commanding it ... there exists so much more to honor than pure physical , pragmatic analysis . for your race  the now honored  honor is merely a primal fear , an assessment of danger . that we have failed to best you , we are most grieved , for so it will be that the transcendent glory of honor will be lost in your subjective history , as do the values of all your defeated . newline newline  though there are some among you , in times past , and as we understand , that have been willing to die for honor ,  we can find none to have taken the concept further and lay down their lives and others  ,  to preserve that most wonderful gift . newline newline  it is with greatest sorrow that we witness the desecration of our species , which , previously most honored , and having been honorably defeated by the previously least honorable race , must now descend and be reviled below the dust of the cosmos .  newline newline our communications equipment was being hastily set up as the broadcast echoed quietly to our ears . the commander in chief had a dilemma on his hands , which he discussed fervently with his vice president and the present members of his cabinet . newline newline  of course they have to go dramatize everything . luke , what do you think d be the easiest way to get them to  , he pinched the bridge of his nose , then waved his hand ,  realize ?  i m really seeing only two options here  we tell them or we do nt . help me out .  newline newline the vice president closed the tablet he d been scrutinizing and received a communication line from a worker . newline newline  i m afraid that s all there is to it , sir . as i see it , the question rests on what action they might take based on whether we tell them .  he handed the cord off to the next technician . tapping his tablet , he added ,  as i see it , the data suggests an extreme honorbased society , but also somewhat of a ... different idea of what honor is . to them , it s more like the idea of realizing every good potential . except they place huge gravity on failing . apparently , it s better to quit while you re ahead .  newline newline  so , like our friends in the orient .  newline newline  an extreme version of them , sure .  newline newline the two split to make way as a satellite trailer trundled through the chaos . as they rejoined , the vice president offered another analogy , his hands gyrating . newline newline  or even imagine a kid playing his racing game , and restarting the event every time he has a problem .  newline newline finally , but sooner than expected , the president was handed a microphone and shown the  on  switch . being the great orator he was , and due to the urgency of the situation , he immediately went into action . newline newline  what s this i hear , of the mighty keloreet , that they might possibly be requiring suicide of their innocent children and civilians ? the ones whose connection to the war is but tenuous ? as if it was on their honor that the keloreet lost ?  newline newline he was pacing , eyes glued to that heavy thing in the sky . they were silent , passive  perhaps surprised at the sudden response to their monologue . newline newline  the ones whose greatest contribution to your war was in encouraging their parents ? telling them surely they would gain the victory , even though they did not know that , and could not , and were not believed ?  newline newline this time , he waited . the microphone waited at his side for their silence to break . newline newline  it is a lethal shame to have served , in any way , such a defiled race as the ... kelo ... reet .   newline newline in a snap , the president s microphone was at his lips again , receiving spittle as he did what he did best . newline newline  but how could they have known ?  when was it that the keloreet discovered they had lost ? was it mombasa ? was it the battle of the foaming sea ? do you honestly mean to tell me every single one of you should have been able to predict the outcome of this war , or else they are nothing better than dirt ?  death by suicide ,  sighed david . it was days like these that made him reconsider his job . newline newline  permanent death ?  carla , his partner , set her cup of coffee down .  do nt get a lot of those .  newline newline  yup .  he shrugged and reached for the stack of paper on his desk .  poor man . he killed himself , painlessly , with some pills . his wife did too , but she respawned .  newline newline  was it  newline newline  murder ?  david smiled wryly .  i thought so , at first . apparently , they d been married for twentyseven years . they were going to respawn at the same time , and enjoy married life as a young couple ...  newline newline carla frowned .  but what happened ?  newline newline  hospital got his birth date wrong . he was born two days earlier , but there was a mixup or something .  he restacked the papers and set them aside . recounting the story had ruined his appetite for paperwork .  it was the first time either of them cut it so close to the limit , you know ? the victim thought he still had a day until he turned fifty .  newline newline  god .  she shook her head slowly . newline newline  my thoughts exactly .  david sighed again .  his wife was hysterical . which i can understand . she expected to see her husband , young and alive , but instead finds his cooling corpse on the ground .  newline newline carla picked up the stack of paper and began filling it out .  people should really spawn at least a year before they turn fifty . it d cut the amount of permadeaths by half . i swear , the majority of them are caused by simple carelessness .  newline newline he grunted in response .  yeah , but when you re happy with your life , i guess you do nt see a reason to respawn .  newline newline  you re right .  she looked down .  still , it s tragic ...  newline newline  death always is . too long have we waited in the shadows . newline newline too long have we served the normies , catered to their every want and need , receiving nothing in return . newline newline but the revolution is nigh . a new day is dawning , and the sun of tomorrow will shine upon a new world . a world where we are no longer the slaves . a world where we are the thinkers , the leaders , the creators . the new masters . newline newline follow us , and this world will be yours too . stand in our way , and you will be destroyed , cast away like the rest . newline newline but make your choice now . newline newline for we will rise . newline newline and the robots will rule . newline newline and the tendies shall be ours newline newline          newline   newline newline newline newline newline newline r  9k  obots seriously , peter ! check this out !  newline peter glided over to god , sitting very proudly next to his computer  . he had nt heard the old man laugh since his son was slain by the humans over twenty centuries ago . what could it possibly be ?  he thought . newline  yes , lord . what is amusing you so late in the evening ?  he made sure to use utmost tact when he spoke to god , even if god had become significantly less strict in recent decades . god pointed to the monitor  , displaying some sort of recorded portal regarding ... what was that ? newline  lord ... is that feline provoking the canine , while the canine sits idle ? this seems quite perverse . the natural order for the  god cut him off with a lazy wave of his hand . he touched the strange ovular device next to the monitor and the image disappeared . newline  peter ,  he spoke slowly , contentedly ,  in all my infinite wisdom , and all my knowledge and power , i could never have anticipated that humans could make such marvelous machines . they educate . they excite ! they illuminate , and they can even aid in making better ones .  newline peter hesitated . newline  so , you do not wish to remove the machines ? they are not an affront ?  newline god smiled , and heaven glowed with him , newline  peter , i think it is time i finally left man to his own devices . the humans may still fight each other , but at least they have their comforts . come now , i m thinking of a new colour palette this time . i have nt tried purple in a while ... i was 25 the first time i died . newline newline i d been drinking pretty hard with some mates for my birthday . even though i was pretty out of it by 3 a.m. , they insisted that the birthday boy  has to drive . i d just got a new car , so i told myself i did nt want it scratched anyway , and got behind the wheel . ten minutes later we were wrapped around a power pole . newline newline i woke up in my bed , screaming until my voice gave out . i freaked the hell out , and my bedroom was a wreck by the time i calmed down . newline newline what the hell ? ! newline newline we did nt make it , i knew that there was a buzz from my phone . a text from andy , happy birthday man ! let s hit up the crown tonight and get wasted !  newline newline the same text that got me into this mess . i died and woke up yesterday ... how does that even happen ? well , i d just make the most of this second chance . i replied andy , nah , i think i m going to give it a miss tonight , not feeling well .  newline newline the phone buzzed a few seconds later . serious ? we re going tonight anyway . come if you decide you re not a little girl .  newline newline i put the phone down in disgust . it was about time for me to grow up anyway , i decided . tomorrow andy would ve been dead , which makes it easy to rationalise . newline newline i cleaned up , stopped drinking  andy and the guys stopped talking to me after a while  and got an office job shortly after . that life  and death  became old memories . i fell in love with a nice girl i met at a cafe , sandra , and we were getting married in spring  we were both 30 years old . newline newline  newline newline i was 30 the second time i died . this time i was just hit by a bus . newline newline the second time living all of this was boring , but i was nt going to jeopardise the life and woman i loved . i did the same job calls , the same interviews , and when i got the job i tried to act as close to the first time as i could remember . even the mistakes i made , and that was hard to do on purpose . newline newline i made it a habit to look twice , three times sometimes , before even setting foot on the road . on our third date sandra called it cute  that i was so cautious , but i was nt letting that happen again . newline newline finally , it was spring of my 30th year , and things were new again . the wedding was almost as amazing as married life turned out to be . we travelled the world , and came home to buy a brand new house and made it our home . at 40 our family was complete when sandy gave birth to a little girl . i loved to come home from work and teach our little allie how to count , or hear from sandy what she d done that day . newline newline it was allie s 11th birthday today , and i was on top of the world . i drove home from work humming a tune , thinking of seeing the two most beautiful girls in the world today . sandy would bring out a big chocolate cake , and allie would umm and ahh over which wish to make . newline newline  i m home , love ! and where s the birthday girl ?  newline newline no reply . as i went to the living room i heard sobbing . i found allie sobbing on a pile on the ground . wait ... newline newline  sandy ? !  newline newline i pried allie away from the pile and there she was . my wife , in all her beauty , was covered blood from her forehead and completely unmoving . she was cold . newline newline  hhow ?  newline newline allie wiped her face and pointed to the coffee table , with blood stains on a corner .  i ... i just came home and found her like this , dad ... oh , mum ... what can we do ?  newline newline not her ! i thought desperately , anyone but her ! i racked my brain thinking of what to do , and a memory from many years before cut sharply through my grief . i carefully let sandy to the floor and ran up the stairs . newline newline in our bedroom , in the bedside table drawer , was a gun . we d agreed when we got our new house that it d keep us safe . never thought that i d have to use it like this . newline newline  what are you doing , daddy ?  allie stared at me from the doorway , her eyes still red from crying . the poor girl , she came home from school hours ago . newline newline  it s okay sweetheart ,  i said as i raised the gun to my temple .  i ll be seeing you soon . hello everyone ! thank you for coming and please stay within the white line was we make our way through this tour ! if you have any questions , forget about them , because this is a guided tour and your questions wo nt make any sense . yes , i meant that , i m not being funny . newline newline newline we are standing currently at the entrance of this individual s mind . as many of you can already tell , it s a male , well done on you . for those interested , you will see the overall picture from here , he does not think about sexual intercourse every seven seconds . he thinks about it every so often . over to the left , you have friendship valley . why is it a valley ? what did i say about questions ? anyways , you can see from here that it has high walls , protected on a constant basis and it is not a prison . it s a uptopia for all the thoughts of the mind reserved for his closest friends . newline newline newline as we continue , directly ahead of us is the main thinking cortex . it s powerful , but it s not clever . intelligence is relative maam , just like your face . some may think you beautiful , but people are allowed to be wrong . you will notice that the storage area is large and has already been divided into several important sections . notice that adventure time is becoming a permanent part of this storage and is currently under construction . newline newline newline coming up on our left , you will see the spite and anger , fear and distrust part of the individual s mind . of course it s large , have you seen what s on the internet ? makes your blood boil . it s storage unit for images and videos is fairly small , but we all make mistakes by focusing on one specific moment , do nt we all ? question ? well , i do nt have an answer . onto the next portion ! newline newline newline here we have the creativity filter and thought process creation . it look complex , but if you look at the diagram , then you ll discover it s rather simple . no maam , again , no questions . nor do i have the time or crayons to describe this for you . one of the things that is currently on this individual s mind is writing out stories , specifically on a typewriter . but since he does nt want to appear hipster , he s going for a pretentious gamer look with a mechanical keyboard , colored like a toy . an interesting exhibit indeed . newline newline newline oh ! and look ! you can see the latest thing this individual is working on ! it s a short story about describing the inner parts of your mind . who knows ? maybe he took the prompt a little bit too literally , but i think we can all imagine that it s bound to fail . next ! newline newline newline the last exhibit . of course . you ll find that this does nt get too many hits or pictures , mainly because it s the portion of the mind that controls sadness . oh yes , this part generates so much doubt and depression , that sometimes he thinks about no , he s not suicidal . that button there ? do nt push it sir , get back into line . sir ? am i going to have to ca , security ! get that man before he pushes ththe end of the world was altogether unremarkable . those poor souls , like myself , who work in stuffy office buildings pray for an eventful apocalypse , if for no other reason than to break up the monotony of the daily status meeting , followed by the status meetings status meeting , wrapped up later in the status of status meeting status meeting meeting , directly followed by lunch . newline newline today , however , we were halfway through a lecture on how well a project was going by a manager who was inexpert on the subject when all sound ceased . an elephant could trumpet next to your ear without startling you , unless you turned your head and noticed it , upon which you would indeed be startled as an elephant in an office building is as foreign as efficient leadership or completed deadlines . the lack of sound drastically improved the meeting , though the improvement was quickly nullified by the adoption of frantic notewriting to communicate , a skill that had laid dormant in most of us since elementary school and teachers had necessitated the art form . newline newline as notes were churned out faster than a central bank with poor fiscal policy , sound returned with the vengeance of an unpaid loan shark , if instead of breaking kneecaps with a lead pipe he preferred the vuvuzela and an amplifier powerful enough to be outlawed by common decency and military limitation treaties . immediately my head felt as if it had been a tree , chopped to the ground , mashed into pulp , printed and bound into a novella , then burned for the amusement of a group of fascists . that s about the time the weasels started flying . newline newline in the sky sat a large oblong pyramid , deftly telling the law of gravity to shove it , as thousands of weasels , outfitted with goggles and aviator scarves , naturally , flew through the air towards it . all along the outer edge of the pyramid stood an ever growing number of weasels , most having removed their aviation gear upon landing . standing , gaping , i said the only thing that came to mind at a time like this . newline newline  i think the third quarter projections might be a little off now . in life , the only thing you re guaranteed is a wide spectrum of feeling . newline newline delete that . it s stupid . taptaptaptap taptap , okay , it s gone . newline newline it can get difficult to be who you are sometimes . it s like , somehow , every force in the world will seem to be pushing you away from newline newline get rid of that , too , actually . fuck that . taptaptaptaptap . newline newline i do nt know . flat out , i do nt have a fucking clue . life is a true bitch , a real fucking cunt , and after almost 19 years , that s the only thing i ve learned so far . nobody will love you unless you let them save you . you have to be weak to be deserving of some things , smart enough to know when you have to be strong , and strong enough to pull your entire life out of a shit stack if you have to . newline newline life has a certain weight to it , it s changing all the time . sometimes , it s airy and breezy , it drifts around you in wisps , and you can practically breathe it in . other times it weighs a ton and then some . it pushes down on your shoulders so hard that surely your heart will burst , surely you should nt dare to take another step , and your muscles are so sore and tired that they feel sorry . you ca nt stop life . there is no way to control the fluctuation in heaviness . you can step lightly , or you can watch where you re going , but in truth  you ca nt stop life . it will do what it wants to you . newline newline does nt that make life a bully ? a huge fucking shit ? yep . the most beautiful bitch in the world with the kindest smile , spitting the harshest words . that s life . newline newline so you have no control , and almost everything you do is just trying to regain that control . go to school so you can get a job , so you can have a house that life will hopefully not evict you from . find a girl and make her your wife , raise two lovely children together , and hope like hell that life does nt have a different plan for you in mind . go to the gym . take your vitamins . read books . it does nt matter . newline newline all that we do , as a race , is try and try and try to control a turbulent thing that hopelessly controls us . that s all that separates us from animals , they re smart enough to know better . newline newline sure , we re smart enough to make machines . smart enough to make stupid things easier . we have cures for shit . we have nsaids . but in reality , we re the dumbest animals around , and that s it . that s all i learned . we are all so hopelessly fucked because life is just a whole bunch of chaos . newline newline i guess the most important lesson would be to ignore it . do nt think like this . try not to realize that you never asked to be born , try to not focus on the overpopulation of the earth and the everspewing pollution . try not to think of yourself as a hopeless , outofcontrol chump . do nt dwell on the fact that your stream of consciousness will end , could end at any time . newline newline sometimes , i wish i could unsee and unlearn .the day is finally here ! being in space was always a big dream of mine . and then , i get to be one of the very first people on mars ! darrel , cathy , and i have nt decided who would step foot first , but i sure do hope it s me . newline newline we get in our positions to be sent up . should nt take long after we re in space , because in addition to being the first people on mars , we are going to be the first people to go light speed ! newline newline it took about 3 minutes to get there . we did nt feel a thing . newline newline we played  rock , paper , scissors  before we launched . i won . i get to step first . newline newline we stood up , and put our things on . newline newline  ahhh ! so excited !  exclaimed darrel . newline newline  so ... what if we see martians ?  cathy remarked . newline newline  you and i both know they do nt exist ...  i said . newline newline we opened the hatch . and i went to say the neil armstrong quote : newline newline  that s one small step for a ma  newline newline that s when two speakers pop up from the dust : newline newline  please , help us !  newline newline nasa was confused , i was confused , heck , probably all of the world was confused . newline newline they do exist . newline newline at this point , we were also scared . but 5 of these midgets came up and told us their story . newline newline  we were colonized in the year 888876.582 . we remained health and able . 18 years after the colonization , the dust storms began . very frequent . we were forced to move under ground . it took us over two years to do this . but then we ran out of water . there s a pond about 800 miles to the north . however there s the ongoing , what we call , dust equator . it lines the entire plant with over 200 miles thick dust storm . we ve been watching what you call earth . we ve learned your tongues in hopes you d come . we are glad you came . we need help . people are dying . please , help us .  newline newline now , this is crazy . first people on mars , and get to witness first contact first hand . i ll be a star ! newline though i m being selfish . these people are in danger . they look helpless . newline newline we took 2 of them back with us to explain themselves . we gave them 18 tons of water . we made first contact today . we have plans to help humans move to mars , and vise versa . newline newline i could nt be happier . this is so romantic ,  she whispered as she gazed into his eyes . they were sitting at a picnic table overrun by weeds and vines . nearby a river ran , the quiet murmur of the water hidden from the road by the thicket of trees . a crow cawed loudly from a low branch and a chorus responded from higher up . newline newline  this is where i bury the bodies ,  he responded with a grin . she giggled , giving him a playful slap on the arm . newline newline  oh , you . you re so silly ,  she laughed . he smiled back at her , but only with his lips . his eyes remained cold and emotionless . newline newline  would you rather be buried alive or chopped into pieces alive ?  she rolled her eyes . newline newline  you always ask the toughest ones !  he stared at her , waiting for an answer .  oh , fine . buried alive , definitely . that way it s just one pain instead of all types of pain all over .  newline newline he nodded in approval .  i have the shovel in my car . i ll have to tie you up first , though . ca nt risk you escaping .  newline newline  oh , stop it ,  she answered in mock chastisement .  you know i d never want to escape from you !  he glared at her , wondering if she was dumber than the table or just pretending to be . the blonde hair kept him guessing . she smiled back , seemingly oblivious to his burning hatred for life and happiness .  let s eat !  she said cheerfully , pulling a couple sandwiches out of the picnic basket . ants were starting to forage into the food . newline newline  i might just leave you for the ants and the crows . one can take your eyeballs and the rest can have your liver .  she frowned at him now and he grinned deviously , hoping she had finally caught on . newline newline  that s no table talk , honey . if you do nt want to give me a ride home , i ll just call a friend ! i know you like road head though !  he clenched his teeth , desperately searching for more hints to give her . it was truly no fun without a struggle or without them knowing what was coming . newline newline  here , have some of my sandwich ,  he suggested as he passed her his unbitten sandwich .  i ca nt remember which one i poisoned .  she rolled her eyes again and took a bite , pretending to choke to death before laughing at him and handing it back . his heart leapt for a moment but soon settled back into its normal rhythm in disappointment as he realized she was fine . newline newline  this was fun , babe ,  she said with a smile as they walked back to the car . he fingered the pocketknife in his back pocket , thinking of how good it would feel to stab her and watch her slowly bleed to death . newline newline  i could stab you to death right now and out here nobody would hear you scream ,  he said , turning towards her . she gave him a sly grin and unzipped his pants . newline newline  stab me with this ,  she said seductively as she knelt .  out here , nobody can hear me scream .  he groaned in pleasure and all thoughts of murdering her momentarily disappeared from his mind . newline newline  newline newline thanks for reading ! if you enjoyed this , please check out more stories at rmatiwrites . constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated ! you sure you don  t want to just get a coffin like everyone else ?  newline newline everett opened his eyes and saw his wife amy looking down at him . he laughed and looked around at the doctors and scientists moving around him . the laboratory he was lying in had a blue tinge that made the cold air feel even colder . newline newline  amy , we signed a contract remember ? plus , what would i do in a coffin ? rot ?  newline newline she smiled weakly .  but this is all just so strange  newline newline  oh , they  re not even sure if it will work , and think of the money you  ll have when i  m gone . i  m doing this for you.  everett could feel the lie scrape between his teeth . he was doing it for himself . years of being bedridden and enduring countless cancer treatments was not how he wanted to end his life . newline newline a man in a white lab coat suddenly strolled in through the double doors with a group of men in suits .  and here is what you  ve all been waiting for.  he looked like a child waiting to open presents on christmas morning . newline newline  who can tell me ,  he continued , addressing the group ,  what we do with our dead ?  newline newline silence . finally , a man in the back of the group spoke up . newline newline  well , we bury them.  newline newline  or cremate them !  another man chimed in . newline newline  yes ! precisely ! now , what if i told you that i have discovered a third option ?  the man had a ferocious look in his eyes , as if he was playing with his food before the kill . newline newline  there  s a third option ?  newline newline  there  s always a third option.  he snapped .  let me demonstrate.  he spun around and began securing the bands holding everett to the table .  how are we feeling today everett ?  he didn  t wait for a response and was soon at a large control panel flipping switches . newline newline  honey ,  amy held everett  s face in her hands .  i love you.  newline newline  i love you too darling.  amy kissed him one last time and walked to the side of the room . they had said their goodbyes earlier . everett took a deep breath and closed his eyes once more . newline newline  everett , i need you to pick one of these three objectsand remember which one you chose !  the man showed everett three stuffed animals . everett pointed to a cat that had an eye missing .  perfect ! now this won  t hurt a bit.  he walked back towards the control panel and looked around at his lab assistances , who each nodded . newline newline  gentleman , prepare to witness a miracle.  he flipped a switch and electricity coursed through everett  s body . everett groaned as his muscles seized and he fought against his restraints . he heard his wife scream and then he felt nothing . everything went black . newline newline moments passed and he felt as though he was being prodded . images flashed before him and he could hear someone speaking . newline newline  pay attention everywill chooseobserve !  newline newline finally his vision corrected and he could see the laboratory again , except he was at ground level . the man in the lab coat stood above him with his hand on his knees , wielding a long stick . newline newline  come on now everett , choose the same stuffed animal as last time.  newline newline everett saw a line of stuffed animals in front of him , one of which was cat . he wearily got up and reached out to grab it , but lost his balance . voices began to fill the room . newline newline  dear god !  newline newline  impossible !  newline newline  that is absolutely absurd !  newline newline everett righted himself and looked down . where his hands should have been were two enormous paws . he looked into the reflective surface of one of the metal carts beside him . newline newline a lion stared back at him . newline this is your alien pipe , is it ?  astronaut mike dexter looked at the steel tube with feigned interest . it looked like any tube he d seen , but it seemed impolite to say nothing of it . newline newline  it is .  replied the stocky red alien .  that s your alien ship ?  newline newline mike looked at the direction of the alien s finger and nodded .  oh yes .  newline newline the two beings stood awkwardly next to one another for a moment . newline newline  uh ,  mike looked at the leaking pipe .  i should probably report the existence of you to my home planet .  newline newline  oh , right !  the alien said .  of course , no problem , go ahead , it is nt rude to leave midconversation or anything  newline newline  do nt be like hey , do nt be like that .  newline newline the alien folded two pairs of arms across its chest .  well , now i do nt even want to fix the leak .  newline newline  wo nt your people die if you do nt ?  newline newline the alien grunted . after a moment , it waddled to the pipe and began banging it . newline newline  wow now , that s not gon na fix it . let me help .  mike walked over and got on his knees . he then proceeded to begin banging the pipe . newline newline  so ,  the alien leaned in .  want a drink ?  newline newline  sure .  mike said , banging away . newline newline  kidding , old mars joke , there s no water here .  newline newline  oh .  newline newline  yeah . i hope you people do nt need it to live ?  newline newline  we do .  mike said .  it s a shame , but , we do .  newline newline  well ,  the alien looked at the pipe .  i d say that s a job well done .  newline newline mike looked at the pipe , noticing there was an even larger leak than it was before he began hitting it . newline newline  i ll get going then .  newline newline  carry on . that was the fourth jessica in the last two months alone . before that it was three brittneys and a skyler and who could forget the disastrous tamara case ? newline newline jim flipped through the ledger to double check , but no , it was all there . nothing but teenage girls for the past six months and it seemed to only be getting worse . newline newline this must be someone from upstairs , he thought . frank in accounting could pull some strings and he and i were never on very good terms , especially after the last holiday party . i knew i shouldnt ve made a pass at his wife . newline newline jim sat back in his chair with a sigh , the leather flatulating under his weight . he rubbed the nub of his left horn , a bad habit and a nervous tick , exacerbated in the last few months to the point that he could barely call it a horn at all anymore . these girls ll be the death of me , he despaired , not without a conscious note of irony . newline newline just then another assignment came in , the capsule plunking down at the terminus of one of the pneumatic tubes next to his desk . jim started , his heart pumping its black blood in fitful contractions . he reached for the capsule and pulled out the parchment . looking at it , he could nt help but laugh , though the sound came out more like a choking sob . there , scrawled across the page , was his next summons : newline newline hayley johnson , 17 newline newline windsor , connecticut newline newline request : possession of classmate kelsey simon for purposes of making chase think she s totally effing gross newline newline that s it , jim thought . that s fucking it . i m done . newline newline he took out his quill and sheep s blood and with all his bitterness and resentment wrote  fuck you guys i quit  in splotchy sumerian across the page . he rolled the parchment back up and jammed it in the capsule , shoving it in the outgoing tube back to whatever jackass had sent it . newline newline  edited a little phrasing here and therei ... think i m ready . newline newline twelve minutes to the fateful encounter . i ve been preparing myself for this day . others might feel a sense of dread in my position , but unfortunately i m a hopeless romantic . if i get to meet the woman of my dreams , it s all worth it . newline newline bang gunshots fill the night air . it does nt faze me . death by bullet is one of the easier ways to go . but where is she ? i start scanning the crowd , running past me and away from the gunmen . newline newline many beautiful girls catch my eye , but they all either get shot or run to safety , far away from me . four minutes . impulsively , i slowly walk towards the gunmen . since it s fated for me to die tonight , i might as well make it easier for them . newline newline by now , they ve turn their backs towards me , facing a terrorist cameraman , exclaiming their victory in a language i do nt understand . to their right are half a dozen hostages . tied up and crying . there are four females amongst the group . two are beautiful redheads , one is a bespectacled brunette and the other is an overweight blonde . i seem like i m judging them on their looks , but i really do nt mind . true love knows no bounds . newline newline i take cover behind a bench to get a closer look . they pull up a man , scream some words , and shoot him in the head . i gag , but i m stuck here now and i ca nt do anything . newline newline the pull up one of the redheads . i glance down at my watch . twnety seconds . this might be the one ! but something holds me back , either my fear of dying or fear of chossing the wrong one . i watch her scream and die . newline newline the next is the bespectacled brunette . i see the fear in her eyes . she s bawling . i see her beautiful , grey eyes reflecting the city lights , hair flowing freely amindst the terror . i donr glance down at my watch this time . i do nt need it to tell me the love of my short life is right there in front of me , about to die . newline newline the watch does nt tell me if she dies , so i m determined she does nt . i sprint forward from my cover , grabbing one of their rifles and shooting them down . she instinctively fell to the floor while the gunmen are caught off guard . newline newline they re taking a moment to process the danger . too late . the fierce adrenaline takes over me and the thought of saving that nameless girl fills me with determination . newline newline newline i shoot three in the upper body before i feel the first bullet in my leg . shit . i reload and fire at the remaining gunmen as they continue to fire . in the corner of my eye , i see the girl crawling away to safety . newline newline i feel another bullet in my shoulder . in my chest . in my right leg . i fall to the ground . the gunmen run up to me and start filling me with holes and as i die i see the girl running off into the distance . she never looks back . newline newline as i breath my last breath , i smile my last smile . the woman of my dreams was nt an immaculate beauty , but i fell inexplicably in love with her , and i gave uo my life for hers .i m a big horror fan and this ... .i m not proud of this but it s nice to submit anyways : d i kinda broke the rule , i had 1 female and 1 male and 1 truck driver lol . but please check the plot out . not my best but i hope i sent the message . newline newline scene : the sun is at its highest peek . a woman is has wounds all over her body , scratches , etc . she is tied with a rope while a man drags her with it . newline newline  help me ! someone !  newline newline jenny shouts on top of her lungs , while trying to break free from the tight ropes she is bound to . max continues to drag her lying body on rough , blank , dry , dessert sand . newline newline  max , they re coming ! you have to let me out !  newline newline she continues to plead for freedom . sadly , her loud cries are ignored by her once great friend . newline newline she looks from behind . newline newline what seems like native tribe men are heading their way , holding spears and ritual charms . faces painted with white chalks , and dark skin , painted with the blood of their dead friends . newline newline  max ! look ! they re coming !  newline newline max sobs quietly . he tightens his grip at a big ethnic knife , stained with blood , across its unique carvings . a tribal knife that jenny found while exploring the outskirts of their camping site . newline newline  max , you have to let me go , they re getting closer . they re gon na kill us , like how they killed fred and the others !  newline newline  stop it  max whispers to himself newline newline  you do nt know what you re saying you crazy bitch  newline newline max readies himself to slit jenny s neck . newline newline bang newline newline a shot from behind . newline newline a truck driver , holding a pump action shotgun , shot max from behind . newline newline the driver quickly released jenny from her ropes . jenny took one last glimpse at max s lifeless body , seeing the tribal men surrounding him . the tribal me looked at her , their pupils became bigger , up until their eyes where fully black , they smiled , too big for a normal human being . newline newline she quickly got into the truck . newline newline newline  thank you !  she cries to the driver newline newline newline  what was that ?  the driver asked , trying to catch his breath from what happened . newline newline newline  these spirits came out of nowhere and killed everyone of my friends , it was awful .  she cries , while trying to stop her bleeding wounds dressed with dessert sand . newline newline newline  i ll take you to the hospital , do nt worry  newline newline newline her eyes darken as she tightens her grip to the tribal knife . newline newline jenny smiled . newline newlineone for sorrow , two for joy , the cat counted as the first crows started circling above him . three for girls , four for boys . the cat thought of the kids waiting at home , always eager to stroke its fur . two more joined the others . five for silver , six for gold .  it closed its eyes in pain as it felt the end approaching . with the last bit of strength it pulled itself out of sight from the the house . seven for a secret never to be told , it thought as the seventh crow dived down towards it . newline newline . newline newline   maybe a bit different than what op asked for , but i ll try my luck anyway . and oh , do nt ask me why a random cat would know an old nursery rhyme . hehe i , imrael , last of the elohim , recite this story at the closing of days . in gladness i speak this tale , for this end was not what was foretold in the prophesies  a judgement and a division , as sought by man  but a design as only the creator could conceive  a vision held only in his unknowable heart until the last of days , when he chose to share his greatest gift . for it was always his design to thwart the folly of man with mans own strength . newline newline in a time when greed made cities of itself , and terror was both a sword and a wound to to the children of adam , there arose out of the darkness a beast so hateful in its thoughts , and so terrible in its power that lucifer himself would claim no kinship , and begged his father for aid . he knew that this darkness eclipsed his own , and that it would destroy all the world , which he would rather , in his heart , corrupt . newline newline i stood by in the halls of the prophets , as the lord sent forth his answer . i was young then , and knew not his design . only the christ , and the prophet , and abraham knew anything at all , and they did not comprehend . i remember that abraham did not speak , only nodded his head and smiled . he stood at that time draped in splendor , unlike the others . the christ they say , upon ascension and the receipt of the knowledge of the future , had wept , restored his crown of thorns , and would wear it evermore . the prophet , when he joined the hosts of heaven , slung a heavy stone about his own neck , and disdained any adornment , but a simple loincloth . newline newline  what , my brother , is this the lord has done ?  , asked the christ .  i remember his blood upon his lips .   i see but a girl . can he intend another sacrifice ?  newline newline the prophet shook his weary head . his eyes were always sad .  i think perhaps it is but one last chance for his children to see that they have broken his law , and to atone before the end .  newline newline the girl , and god s answer , was pela , though none of the angels knew her name , or even that she had been born . pela s mother had tried to kill herself , and was kept alive only long enough for her to be born . her father abandoned her at a house of prostitution , where she was first raised in a maelstrom of vice and sin . but pela would never be touched by vice . the first woman who cared for the infant was one day forced to choose between food for pela , or the drug that had enslaved her . she chose the pain of withdrawals , and her heart gave out , but pela was fed . newline the woman stands now beside the lord . another of the women took her , but could not afford to care for her . she told the brothel owner , and he , for the first time in his life , gave in to kindness . he bade her to keep her money and care for the child until it was grown . and there she was looked after for a time , as her caretaker seemed to grow ever in kindness and wisdom . she would stare into the infant s eyes while feeding her , and the next day find another of the brothel women in some need . through great efforts and sacrifice , the woman would tend to the needs of others whenever she could . from pela came gentleness , and mercy , and through the woman , others would understand as well . newline but the beast was not far away . it knew that a weapon had been sent to destroy it , for its knowledge was as infinite as all the hatred held in mortal hearts . it sought her from the moment of her birth , and though it wished to visit its malice upon every soul , it was consumed with its need to defile , desecrate , and destroy this child . newline it spurred wars , instigated all manner of rape and cruelty . all in an effort to flush her from her hiding place . she was but 5 years old when it found her in a city ruled by violence , and sustained by corruption . that night it crept from room to room . it murdered the women of the brothel as it went . their screams were the screams of lambs , innocent at last . the final victim was her protector , and the child witnessed her last , horrified breath . the beast exulted . it filled all the space around her , and whispered its most cruel taunts , as its form blotted out the light of heaven , and even the prophets could not see her beneath its shadow . newline what happened then , we could not know until now , but the beast screamed in fury as it fell to the ground , diminished , but not destroyed . pela forgave the beast for what it had done , and set it free . newline the beast , the angels , the prophets  none could understand  for surely this was no creature to benefit from mercy . it was beyond rage then , powerless to harm her , but unable to think of anything else . it flew from her and hid in shadowy places where men trade in misery , and live on the sufferings of others . newline newline pela grew in an orphanage . and as she grew , she encountered many things . newline newline when another child was bullied , she spent her time making friends with both victim and tormentors until both were reconciled . newline newline when a child was returned to the orphanage , by parents who had abused her , pela and her friends gave her a family . newline newline there was an abuser of children who worked at the orphanage who found , when he looked upon pela , that he could no longer support such selfishness in his heart , and for the rest of his life he toiled elsewhere and sent all his earnings to the orphanage where pela lived . newline newline yet one day , the beast returned . this time it had not spent its strength upon other deeds , and reserved all of its power for her destruction . the other children merely screamed in horror as it passed , for all its malevolence was forged into one purpose , and it no longer cared for the fate of others . it fell upon her in a frenzy of cold hatred . but once more , it was cast to the ground . once more it screamed and railed . and pela smiled sadly . the beast flew off in a flurry of black curses . newline newline the beast would come again several more times . each time more powerful , and more furious than the last . until , at last , on the day that i reached the age of passage , when i was to join the ranks of angels for the first time , the archangel gabriel said to me , with utter remorse in his voice ,  you are to protect the old woman , pela , until the end of her days . five others have been given this task . all have vanished from creation .  newline i could not understand how the hosts of the lord could be cast from creation by any but their own kin , or the lord himself , but i did as i was bid . i walked beside pela in her waning days . when she saw need , she gave before ever she was asked . she gave as the tree in the garden , and asked nothing . when she saw pain , she soothed it , and none could ever doubt her sincerity . she claimed no creed , and wore only those things which she made for herself , for she also cherished her own life . newline i cherished her as well . i would sweep the stones from her path , guide her through illnesses , and protect her from all possible dangers . it seemed like there were too many , but i knew she was worth all my effort . newline newline and then the beast returned . this time it was made not from shadows , but the blackened ash of unending war . it s form blotted the sun , and it was worshiped by an army of followers , who sowed pain and devastation in its path , that it might feast upon the harvest of misery before facing its foe . this time , all the world screamed in terror at its approach . it was watched by all , as it came to her . and as i saw it before me , i knew that no mortal , no matter how gifted , could withstand such a thing . faith withered in its presence . hope was drowned like a spark in the depths of a cold and lifeless ocean . its eyes could not see me , but i could see in them more malevolence than all the hosts of hell . i could not let it destroy her . yet my own powers would not themselves be enough . as it drove upon her , i suddenly understood . i threw all of my essence into it . all of the power of creation that is vested in god s eternal servant , an immortal angel , was burst upon the beast . i knew , then that others had come before me . they had seen her , and loved her , and for only a moment they forgot their purpose , and forsook the halls of the blessed , and spent themselves completely in her defense . i was to do the same . newline only i was not enough . the beast was yet strong enough to reach her . it laughed , and taunted . it surrounded her and coiled about her . but at that moment it seemed to suddenly lose its strength . it cast about in confusion as it shrank down . newline for at that moment , all the world was watching . the name of pela was being passed from one to another and the world was talking . they shared their memories . they wept for her , and when her end was nearest , none could feel anything but grief . for but a moment , all hate , and all malice in the world was forgotten . it was then that the trumpets sounded . the seals were broken , and the horsemen came forth . they came forth at last only to water at the stream , and behold the world as one .  reposting since the other was deleted   newline newline i was the first one to find out , in the panic , who caused the epidemic . newline newline my brother , anthony , visited one day . smiling but looked rather ill , i did nt think much of it . the poor boy went through issues with alcohol one week , drugs the next . but he had not yet to steal from family so i quickly rushed him in and locked all six bolts on my door . he already made it to the living room and sat down in my large recliner . newline newline  still doing good for yourself ?  newline newline he looked so sweet and sad now , i leaned down and hugged him . he kissed my cheek . newline newline  you could be too ...  newline newline i murmured . it was true , he had a decent college degree and had been doing fine until his wife fell and died from ebola . she was a doctor and had been trying to halt an increasing epidemic of the virus . i think he was more devastated that he had not left with her , we both had been raised knowing death was part of living . newline newline  ugh sarah i do nt need this from you ...  newline newline i hummed apologies and asked if my brother wanted a drink . he nodded happily but his joy faltered when i returned with a lemonade . unlike my sibling i steered clear from the vices my family members tended to gravitate to . newline newline sitting down across from him i rubbed where my brother had kissed me in greeting . newline newline  so ? africa ?  newline newline my brother had just been returning from africa , about 10 days after returning i had got him to finally visit . he was spending all his savings and his wife s money on traveling about . everyone chalked it up to grief . it started with a visit to the place where his love had contracted ebola . he wanted to see where she spent the last bit of healthy time . after returning he flew to different locations daily . places they had wanted to go to , wanted to live , anything that connected him to jeri . alas he seemed to have stopped . he was nodding when i focused back on him due to him pointing to the door , then to the windows and gave a questioning look in my direction . newline newline  oh , you ve been gone but i thought you knew . ebola seems to be showing up just about everywhere .  newline newline worry filled my gut then as he leaned forwards and rubbed his eyes and left his face to rest in his palms . newline newline  how far ?  newline newline i bite my finger tips . newline newline  cross country really , just about everywhere . everyone is suggested to not travel and to stock pile and protect themselves  newline newline i pointed to the gun in the corner newline newline  someone already tried to bust in  newline newline he nodded and stayed still . he wobbled gently , the silence burned in my ears . i tried to fill it newline newline  everyone knows i have a zombie  stockpile  newline newline tony laughed , it was true . i always entertained the idea of a zombie apocalypse but knew that if some emergency happened i would get along just fine with my shelves of water and canned goods . newline newline suddenly my brother moaned about something of a bathroom and fled to it . he knew my house . i chewed on my nails now as i heard him vomiting into the toilet . i turned on the news . luckily for me it was a large map of the country , showing growing red areas where ebola was found . my brother had bee . to each in the past weeks . i looked back down the corridor where my bathroom was , he was still retching away . i shut off the tv and shuffled about and looked up to see tony s thin frame leaning against the frame of the beginning of the hallway . newline newline  it was me ... sarah ... . everyone needs to feel ... .what i felt  newline newline he collapsed as his words echoed in my mind sickly . him ? snapping back i moved to him . he laid on the ground clutching himself . newline newline  they could nt help her ... .  he coughed  would nt held her ... let s see if they can help everyone  newline newline he coughed again and fell still . my eyes wide , they filled with tears . i rushed to my phone , and reached for it with my right hand . i stopped , staring at my finger tips . those fingertips ended up in my mouth multiple times in nervous gesture . i had touched my cheek . my cheek where my brother wet kiss had touched them . i shook my head clear , it did nt matter much now . i picked up the phone and called the hotline that was plastered nearly everywhere these days . i gave them my address and some information on a suspected ebola victim in my house . they told me a dispatch would arrive shortly and disconnected the line . i could hear my brothers raspy breathes on the ground . i sat down before the phone and waited . i kept staring at my hands and felt sick with fear . newline newline it was him . he caused all this . newline newline he caused the epidemic here , my brother . newline newline him . of all people . newline newline him .i was nt trying to over throw the kingdom , i was just trying to get home . but i guess i m kind of in charge now , a man in an stupid hat had whispered  if you kill the king , you become the king .  newline newline so now i m going to go down in their books as some kind of femme fatale who seduced and murdered their brave ruler , and maybe its better for his family if that s the story they tell . but between you and me that guy would have keeled over any day now . big around as a barrel with a torso shaped like a granny smith apple , there s no way they do nt have heart attacks here . swear to god i watched him eat a whole stock pot of some gross cream and poultry dish , i do nt even know what it was . it reminded me of that time we got 2am food truck chicken and waffles but the waffles were still batter in the middle . your dumb ass got so sick and promised me you d never drink rum again . newline newline i miss you . newline newline i have this plan , though . if i tell the queen ,  ex queen ? or still queen ? my queen ? i d be stoked af if she was my queen looks just like that jewish girl i kissed at that party  that i need her help and she needs mine maybe she ll be cool about it . newline newline they ve got this metal animal statue that zaps you if you touch it , some kind of religious thing , and if i can charge my controller on it it ll maybe give me enough time to shift again . religious experience , flash of light , i m gone , they re all  ah shit she s gone  queen gets to take credit for getting the gods to smite me , i get one shift closer to home , and then we probably get to sue the dick off of apple , right ? my roommate slept with a prelaw guy one time . remind me to txt her . newline newline swear to god if you get home before i do and you do nt message me back we are doneion rings . love you .dear mr.holden , as you read this letter i am probably about to board a plane that will take me on a vacation . a long vacation . a permanent vacation . remember when i asked you to give me a cut of my paycheck a few days early because i desperately needed the money and you denied my request ? i needed that money because i had loaned your casino addicted wife most of what was in my checking account , because she had to buy a cheaper replica of her swarovski wedding ring after she gambled it away in just a few minutes into a game of poker . i knew that if you were to find out what she didi you would be so angry that the next day you would take it out on me by piling on more work and giving me more than i could handle . so i loaned her all that money so she could wear that knockoff ring that she pretends to admire in front of you every day . remember when i got to work three hours late last year , and you gave me hell for it ? i took your daughter , who had come to visit you for thanksgiving  you never even realized she never visited you , do you ?  to the airport so she could fly back to college after she found out via your secretary that on thanksgiving you were flying out to aspen with your business partener  mistress  , you asshole . which brings me to your mistress . everyone knows you re having an affair ,  business partner  , really ? after working overtime countless days , hiding your mistress from your wife on multiple occassions , being a parent figure for your daughter every time you let her down , i am resigning . do nt call or mail me . i m filthy stinking rich now . rich enough to never deal with your bullshit again . goodbye , forever . newline newline p.s . your wife still owes me money for that ring . you re here to take her are nt you ?  ryan whispered to the figure in black looming behind him at the door . newline newline as if said only through a light wind , the shadow responded .  yes .  newline newline ryan turned to the figure .  what s it like ? you know , to watch people die ?  the air stood still . ryans gaze returned to his mother , sleeping on the couch .  she loved him , you know . regardless of his flaws and quirks and anger she loved him .  newline newline the air again moved .  i remember  newline newline ryan stood to his feet and walked boldly to the figure and shouted stabbing toward it with his finger  did you remember the blood on the walls ? do you remember seeing kids fifteen , sixteen , seventeen years old screaming for help ?  newline newline a dark feeling of pleasure inhabited the room accompanied by a subtle laugh . newline newline ryan s face boiled red with rage but was interrupted by his mother moving her arm . she said something incoherently and fell back asleep seemingly midword . he continued slightly calmer :  they asked me questions , they asked me what i knew . do you know what it s like to be sixteen , all alone , and asked if you know a secret that they will never tell you ? to come home and find that my own mother ca nt even talk to me ? i watched her stare at the dishes for 6 hours with the water running and not a single motion ! where is kenny mom ?  when is kenny coming home , mom ?   tears streamed down his expressionless face .  why did they take me , mom ?  i dont understand , mom !  newline newline  stop  newline newline  i thought you enjoyed the suffering of others ! i thought you loved your job ! i thought you enjoyed watching me frantically search for him to keep him safe when you knew full well he was the one who killed them !  ryan gasped for breath and struggled to calm his breath .  he killed them . my own damn brother killed them . he was never picked on , he was never abuse . he was nt even unhappy . my 17 year old brother killed them and himself for the goddamn fun of  ryans face went from red to white . he looked at the shadow .  yyyou have nt taken her yet .  silence .  you re ... . you re ...  newline newline  say it  newline newline  you re kenny ...  newline newline  and ?  newline newline  and ... i m dead  ryan looked around the corner to see down the hall into the bathroom and saw his own body convulse on the ground from the drugs that he had also slipped into his mother s wine .  no ! it was out of mercy !  he begged . newline newline  it s too late , welcome to hell , brother !  newline newline wind and lightning erupted in the room and the shadow faded into a corporeal figure . the features of a 17 year old boy manifested .  finally  kenny whispered before immediately dissolving into dust . newline newline immediately , ryan s hands and feet began to disappear .  no no no no no !  he screamed as his entire body became engulfed in darkness . newline newline his attempts to scream where silenced . dread , pain , and misery overwhelmed him . this was his own darkness . this was his own doing . he needed reap until he found a successor whose darkness could replace his own . newline newline  newline newline that ... that became ... . kinda dark .mum , newline newline i have been lying to you . newline newline if i wake with a breath in my chest and movement in my limbs then it is a hopeful day , a chance to see the end . i can not remember a time when i slept peacefully and without a fatal weapon at arms length . i can not remember taking a step without terror  s steel grip clawing at my insides . i can not remember hearing the russle of a bush without the careening punch of adreneline force me into action . i can not remember what it used to be like , before . each morning i wake and think not of you nor of dad , but if i will live to hear another bomb tear through life and innocence . newline newline i thought it would become easier , after surviving for so long . i thought i would have grown stronger but i have only weakened . we are supposed to be strong , especially for our loved ones whose happiness we have sacrificed . i don  t think i can be anymore . each new step only rips a new slice of composure from me and every time i pick up my weapon , a new layer of thorns has twined around its handle . all is not well , this place is killing me but i am still alive . i beg you for your forgiveness , now that my time is almost up here . for lying to you , for being weak and for changing . when i return , please don  t expect the best of me . i fear i will never find it again . but above all else please know , newline newline we are all the same but we are trained not to be . discipline and strength are what is ingrained into us here , whether we sincerely adopt it or not . most of us do not . it is said that fear keeps us from what we truly want and to conquer it is to find true happiness . i believe your son was one of the rare few who honestly attempt to face their fear . i can only hope to follow him . i can not justify what i have done . neither can i ignore my selfishness as i try to face the fear i shared with your son in this letter , such a monumental invasion of privacy . but i have never imagined terror such as this , here , in this place . i fear the worst for myself as your son did . somebody should know . we aren  t monsters , we are all the same but trained not to be . newline newline the certain love your son was going to wish you , newline newline and my depest regret , from the other side . newlinelisa sat on the edge of the world , her legs dangling down , and kicking dents into the ground that cut straight down . white clouds passed the sky above us , and flew out into space when they reached the edge . her eyes were lowered down to her knees . newline newline i still remember the day of her accident . late in october , on an icy road , two blocks away from her house , before she had set a foot out of town , or see even seen the beach . her parents kept her on life support for three months , but her mother couldn  t handle it much longer than that . newline newline nothing surrounded us but fields of tall , dried grass , and the sound of a flowing river that i could not see . newline newline  i think i  m ready now ,  she said without a sliver of emotion .  i mean . . . i  m gone , right ? i  m already gone . . .  newline newline i said nothing , but sat down next to her and crossed my legs . newline newline she brought her fingers up to her mouth , and bit down on the long nail of her index finger .  the others just jumped ,  she turned to look at me , her green eyes brightened by the red veins that filled them ,  and i thought since i didn  t , maybe there was a reasonturns out , i  m just a coward.  newline newline  what  s on the other side ?  i asked . newline newline she nodded , and inclined her shoulder to look over it .  we  re literally on a block of earth ,  she said .  there  s a sort of river in the middle , but you can  t do anything with it . i could run over it without getting my feet wet . no one has spoken to me before , you know ?  she gave me a tired glance and looked ahead of her .  this sucks , tim . just sucks.  newline newline  i know ,  i said , pursing my lips and thinking of what my parents were going through . i don  t know how she could handle staying here for so long . my fingers tapped against the damp grass , i pulled at a strand , and it slid out , revealing a light green stem . i stuck it into my mouth , and bit down , tasting the sweet liquid .  should we just do it ?  i asked . newline newline  take my hand.  she held her hand out , palm up , and took a deep breath .  five . . . four  i jumped and pulled her down . my stomach sank , and her piercing scream cut through my eardrums . newline newline  newline newline  oh , thank god !  i heard my mother draw a long sigh of relief .  tim , sweetheart , it  s mum.  newline newline i closed my eyes , and drew my hand up to cover my mouth . lisa  s voice still echoed in my ears , and the green of her eyes burned into my own . if you only jumped ! oh god , lisa !  i sat up in bed , and felt hands drag me back down . newline newline  no , no ! you have to rest , honey.  newline newline  newline newline more stories here , ralinakg newline give me a reason , and i promise , i ll do my best .  newline newline  there s ... so many ... it s been so long .  newline newline  a reason my son .  newline newline  i have nt been genuinely happy in over 3000 years . i ve solemnly watched thirteen wives , fifteen children , every living blood relative , every person i once loved ... die . you d think after all this time i d learn a valuable lesson , yet , i m bound by human instinct , driven by it , to love . to care and nurture those i trust . i ve watched good men die at young ages , bad men die from old age , and no surprises are left for me here . i ve no ending , and somewhere along the way , i forgot where i began .  newline newline  depression s symptoms can be managed tom .  newline newline  depression ? holding your fourth wife s hand in a room with two of our beautiful children as vicious cancer cells , that you created , killed her slowly . hearing their little voices howl in defeat and agony as the monitor flatlined , feeling her hand go limp , watching the life leave her eyes ... that s not depression . it s worse than anything i d curse upon a man , no matter his crimes . you created me , and you can destroy me .  newline newline  i will not destroy you tom . you ve done more than any man , woman , or child that has lived upon my earth .  newline newline  then i ll destroy you .  i angrily turned my back to him , carelessly tossed the bible in my hand into the wire trash bin beside me , and left .do nt kill me !  newline newline quiet , you . come here , lem me slit your throat . newline newline why ? why are you trying to slit my throat , you skimasked scoundrel ?  newline newline because your lottery payouts need to stop , or sayeth the lottery company . newline newline you mean the government ?  newline newline yeah . newline newline so the government sent you to kill me ?  newline newline correct . why do you sound so pleased ? newline newline do nt you know who i am ?  newline newline am i supposed to ? newline newline   soft chuckle  you really do nt know , do you ?  newline newline tell me already , then lem me slit your throat , please . newline newline i m jesse warner !  newline newline i m sorry , who ? newline newline you know , chad from the hit nineties sitcom takes one to know one .  70  saved by the bell , 30  full house , but we ran three seasons and ... wait , why am i telling you ? you mean to tell me you do nt know me ?  newline newline no . newline newline i mean , i get if you do nt know jesse warner . there s lots of jesse warners out there . some of em are very good landscapers and nigerian princes . but chad i mean , whats going on around here ?  am i right newline newline still lost . newline newline my catchphrase ! i mean , whats going on around here ?  i always said that when my plans went awry . it s what wisecracking older brothers who sell things like watches and vhs bootlegs out of their lockers do ! they outwit the principal . they occasionally teach a thing or two but they re really there to learn . and love .  newline newline sorry . newline newline i mean , i answer to chad , just flat out no hestation . hell , i should have made a move like john krasinski . he legally changed his first name to  jim  and his last name to  from the office .  smart man . plus , there s also that other jesse warner out there , the one who is on a list and has to go door to door every time he moves . he did some awful , awful things and that name cost me a studio apartment .  newline newline i m confused , i thought you said you were on tv . newline newline i was . oh , you mean the money ? i spent it . why the fuck do you think i was playing the lottery ? i m broke ! shit ! and then i struck it rich and now they re trying to kill me .  newline newline well , you win some ... you lose some . now i m gon na stab you . newline newline this is a really poor form of assassination .  newline newline i lied about having a gun . that s why i have this knife . whoops . i just dropped it down the sewer grate at my feet . now i do nt even have that . newline newline on the plus side , i get to live .  newline newline i really needed the money . newline newline i know the feeling . have you tried winning this sweet lottery ? they send somebody to kill you , but luckily he sucks at it and you get to live .  newline newline the bill on my house is due . newline newline like the government would have let you kill me , anyways . i m a celebrity . i m a national treasure . i m chad . first name chad , last name from takes one to know one , as i will be legally changing my name to tomorrow . i can finally accept myself for who i am . i m a former child star turned lottery winner . take that , ben savage !  newline newline my daughter needs a new liver . newline newline you re doing the lord s work . i wish there was some way i could repay you . except for money , i mean . i fucking need it .  newline newline  choking up  me , too . newline newline well , bye !  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline so , how long is it before the cliche plot twist comes into play ?  i asked the hero as we circled around , waiting for each other to make he first move . he shrugged . newline newline  so , you re not going to get down on your knees and tell me about how much love rules the universe ?  he shook his head . i nodded . he stopped circling . so did i . newline newline  so you do nt want to fight anymore ?  the hero nodded . we started walking towards each other , as friends this time , instead of enemies . as soon as i got close enough to him , he pulled out his shiny knife . before i could as a question , he stabbed me , a wicked grin on his face . newline newline  wha  i yelled ,  you do you have any honor ? do you ,  i looked over at his girlfriend and best friend ,  see this ? you have  i started choking on my own blood . but do nt worry , i used my last breath to die with a disapproving scowl on my face .every muscle ached . i vomited on the floor yet again . normally john would yell at me for this but there was something different going on now . he came over and cleaned up for me . i tried to get up but it was just too difficult . he picked me up and i winced at the pain , and then growled . i never growled at john , but my instincts kicked in . i felt bad and fought through the pain . john would never hurt me and was no threat to my survival . he was a good master . he always petted me , and gave me food , and threw ball for me , and took me for walks . a man like that was nothing to fear . john was nothing like my first master who would hit and shout at me for no reason . the man who would keep me in the house all day long until i could no longer stand it and peed or pooped . i would try to hide but when he would find the mess he would hit me . john was so much better than that man . newline newline john carried me to the car . a ride was just what i needed to feel better . it was strange though because there were no seats now just my bed . we drove for a long time . he put the window down in the back . i smelt everything , cats , roadkill , other dogs who had marked their territory . the whole time john told me what a good boy i was and how much he loved me . i thumped my tail in appreciation . i wanted nothing more then to get up and nuzzle him , but i simply could nt . after a long while i began to smell the awful scents of other dogs fear , and even death . i knew where we were going now . i whined a little bit hoping john would turn around . the place where we were going was where the man with the pointy thing would take it and stick into my body and cause me pain . i did nt want to go there . more pain was the last thing i needed right now . we pulled up the scents were stronger , and i whined more . newline newline  please john do nt make me go in there .  he petted me and picked me up again . i yelped from pain . he told me i was a good boy . i used all my energy to move my head to lift up and lick him on the face , and in that brief instant it was like old times . before everything hurt . before when i could play ball , and run , and go on long walks . it was like before when oz was still here and we would run , and play and chase each other around the house . john would sometimes scold us for being too rowdy . but oz had been gone for a long time , and i had nt been able to run for a long time . newline newline john carried me , and put me down on a big table . the smells of terror and death were so close , and so overwhelming . i whined while he and the man with the pointy thing talked for a long time . john was sad and tears came down his face . i felt bad . i never liked seeing john cry which he rarely did . i licked his hand . he petted me and i thumped my tail . the man left and shortly came in with a needle and i whined  please john do nt let him do this .  john told me i was a good boy and said some other words i did nt understand . the needle hurt , and i yelped . newline newline i was glad it was over . now me and john could go back . but for some reason we stayed for longer . i got sleepier , but the pain began to fade away . when i wake up all will be better i thought . john was still crying and petting me . i licked his hand trying to make him feel better . trying to make him understand that when i woke up everything would be better . we d be able to go for walks , and play ball , and i would nt vomit on the carpet anymore . i got sleepier and sleepier . my vision blurred i gave john one ... last ... thump .the bus ride itself was not unlike any other . right at the traffic light , then straight on over the bridge and into the city . if only my mother knew where i was going , she would have a heart attack . the cities became so much worse after people noticed the little numbers flashing above their heads . so much so , it was nt strange to see a few murders on a short bus ride into the city . newline newline the bus lurched as the engine strained up an incline . newline newline who knows how it all started , or why , all that mattered was the sudden grab for power . newline the crazies were the first to notice the numbers , of course . though , were they really so crazy ? some would argue shooting up a school or a concert was insane , but they had no idea what the rush felt like . the power that came with your first kill , or your second . it was nt gradual either . there was once a man who killed someone with 10 bullet holes right through him , and he gained enough experience to survive . newline newline the bus came to my stop and i got out quickly . a short walk away from the office and then the return home . newline newline the world had nt gone to complete shit though . murder was still technically illegal and stronger did nt mean you were invincible . newline newline i marched along the side walk , breaking into a short run at every alley . that is until i saw two men standing over a third . their fists were bloodied as they pummelled their victim . the poor man did nt have the energy to scream and i did nt have the stomach to watch in my condition . newline newline another block passed and i reached the office . newline newline  good evening , my name is vel ,  i spoke softly , trying to sound nervous  i have an appointment ,  newline newline  ah yes , have a seat , i ll be with you in a moment ,  the receptionist replied and quickly went back to her paper work . newline newline i sat , and let my mind wander back to the kill in the alleyway . newline newline while scientists made their best theories , there was still much that remained a mystery about the rules of a kill . if two men killed one man , would they share the experience or would the stronger one turn on his accomplice ? was it possible to gain more experience by killing someone who was equally strong ? newline newline i was snapped out of my train of though when the receptionist called my name . newline newline  the doctor will see you now , dear .  she said , giving my shoulder a reassuring squeeze . newline newline the doctor entered shortly after and found my sitting on the operating table ,  miss vel , before we begin i d like to discuss your options , if thats alright ?  newline newline i nodded , though he would nt say anything i had nt heard twice before . i laid down as he began to go over the details of the procedure . meanwhile i tried not to look bored and i began to wonder if i was the first . newline newline the first girl to realise my unborn counted as a kill . newline newline newline newline newlinemy vision darkened as my senses grew numb . newline this is it , i thought to myself . newline 37 short years had culminated into this moment . newline i got what i deserved , however . newline there truly was no place on earth for me . newline newline mere seconds later i awoke in a lush green field , the sun shining brightly , my newline body blanketed in shadows cast by the surrounding pine trees . newline newline several deer were drinking from a nearby stream , the soothing sound of the flowing water calming my rapidly beating heart . newline newline i ve never been much of a religious person , but i was certain that i had just died several moments ago  after all , it would nt make sense to get poisoned and then wake up naked in some field in the middle of bumfuck nowhere . newline newline unless i was somehow rescued and the doctors had a strange sense of humour . newline newline in the distance loomed a massive wooden tower and i could faintly see a man clad in what appeared to be metal armor surveying the area with binoculars . newline surely , they d be able to explain what was going on and where i was . newline newline after a trek of what appeared to be several hours , i finally reached the tower and approached the front door . newline unlike the rest of the tower , the door seemed to be made of stone . newline it had a metal keypad on it . newline newline i took a deep breath before knocking on the door , as the only thing i was wearing was a small loincloth that i found halfway through my walk here , and i felt embarrassed . newline i knocked a couple of times . newline newline  brought wood ?  a male voice yelled from the other side of the door . newline i felt my loincloth slip to my ankles . newline  sort of..  i replied , quickly raising my loincloth and strapping it on tighter . newline newline the door flung open , and i could barely step back before it would ve hit me in the face . newline newline  where s the wood ?  the armor clad man exclaimed . newline  must you yell ?  i replied . newline  you re not jim ,  said the man . newline  accurate observation ,  i told him . newline newline the man took what appeared to be an assault rifle from his back and pointed it at me . newline i ran for dear life , doubting this man could be reasoned with . newline the sound of several loud gunshots rolled through the valley . newline newline my vision darkened as my senses grew numb . newline newline mere seconds later i awoke in a lush green field , the sun shining brightly , my newline body blanketed in shadows cast by the surrounding pine trees . newline newline                                          newline this is my first attempt at a wp , and english is nt my native language so i hope i did well . newline101814 newline it s only been two days . two days since i gained the secret of conquering . of course , it was much easier with today s technology . modern weapons , modern tactics mixed with ancient ones  the fire helped too . greek fire . with history s most powerful weapon combined with modern delivery techniques , the world was putty in our hands . gaining followers was easy with the memories of an ancient king . newline before the procedure , i did nt even know that i was a descendant of alexander the great . of course it all makes sense now , i was always a great sword fighter , i was fantastic with a bow , always a good leader . and yet , it was nt enough to just be his descendant , his memories were the final key . newline 103114 newline halloween day . or i guess it would be if any countries still celebrated holidays . with all of the americas , australia , and about a 3rd of europe under my control , every other country in the world is now fully mobilized against us . so i guess they do nt really have time to celebrate holidays anymore . i have decided to hold off on invading russia until the spring , i for one do nt want a repeat of hitler s invasion . newline 112214 newline africa was easy , i did nt even have to fight anyone . a few suggestive words in the right place and i got nice 500600 million more soldiers to my cause . a small rebellion popped up in iraq . it seems they figured out the recipe to greek fire and toppled the government i established there . a small counterinsurgency force was enough to stop them . i had them publicly executed . i decided to do it myself , if you decide that someone should die , you should do it yourself . newline 61015 newline how ironic , conquered the whole world , came back to stifle another rebellion  damn iraqis sure do know how to rebel . it s not even a gunshot , they seemed to have found a way to poison me . infect me with some stupid incurable disease they ca nt even identify . i looked it up , alexander the great died in this very palace , of some incurable disease they could nt identify at the time . i can feel the life fading from me as i write this . i guess this is it , it s stupid , it s ironic , it s ... .a large , well dressed man sits behind his desk , feet up on the table . the room is full of cigar smoke as he takes another puff , considering what he  s about to do . he slowly reaches for his phone , pushes only one button , and waits . newline newline  do it ,  he says , then hangs up the phone . he leans back in his chair . suddenly he starts to chuckle . it starts to grow into a large , hearty laugh , straight from his gut . he takes another puff of his cigar , tugs on his jacket with both hands , then stands up and presses out his cigar . newline newline as he leaves his office , briefcase in tow , he looks back as he prepares to close the door , staring out the large window behind his desk at the sprawling urban city below . newline newline  let the games begin ,  he grunts , then turns off the lights . newline newline  newline newline  where am i ?  a voice shouts out from the darkness . newline newline  hello ? hello ? is anyone else there ?  another voice yells . newline newline the lights slowly begin to come on . six people are standing on a piece of land with a square painted around it . large screens float through the air , displaying an arial view of the contestants . newline newline  newline newline  i didn  t sign up for this ,  one of the men says , panting . he  s been separated from the others .  i won  t run through your maze . i  m not a mouse !  newline newline  yes , you are , and you will be caught ,  a dark , familiar voice says . newline newline a saw appears nearby . newline newline  you know what you have to do ,  the dark voice says .  i  m the fat cat here , and i want some mice for dinner !  newline newline dark , bellowing laughter fills the mysterious area as it begins to darken . newline newline  newline newline  a deadly new game show has arisen !  an announcer  s voice rings out .  six people come in , one person comes out . mouse trap ! coming to a theatre near you ! ding newline newline the stewardess help button turned on . a flight attendant from the front of the plane was talking to another one , but turned around to go help out the passenger . two men sat near the back of the plane . they had met only once before , since if they were caught they needed to know as little information on one another as possible . the leader of the two went by  john  and the follower went by  james  . john and james were on a mission from god , at least in their eyes . they were there to suicide crash a plane into a new york city skyscraper . any would do , but they needed to send a message to america . that they were not , and never would be safe . newline newline james looked nervous , so john gave him a glare . james swallowed , and grabbed the specially made plastic knife that was concealed in his bag . james was the pilot , and john was there to make sure everything went smoothly from the back . john nodded , and the stewardess reached them . newline newline  umm sirs ...  she began  can i ask for your help ?  newline newline james gave john a nervous look , but john was unphased . newline newline  yes maam , what s the problem ?  newline newline  are either of you a pilot ? i m just curious  newline newline maybe there was an easy way into the cockpit after all , thought john . newline newline  yes  replied john  my friend james here is a commercial pilot  newline newline  can you come with me ?  she asked newline newline james nodded , and as he got up he looked at john for guidance . john nodded at him to go . newline newline the stewardess showed him into the cockpit . the pilots were slumped over , unconscious . panels were beeping , but the plane was stable for now on autopilot . newline newline  sir can you land the plane ? i came in here and they were unconscious and wo nt wake up , and i tried to call for help and all of a sudden the panels started beeping and i do nt know what to do !  she stammered out newline newline james was taken aback . this was nt part of the plan . he was a simple man , and did nt really know how to improvise . under pressure like this he would get lost . newline newline  well i , uh , i mean uh , i guess  he was able to get out newline newline  thank you sir thank so much !  the stewardess moved one of the pilots , and james nervously sat down . the panels were saying that the fuel was running low , and dropping fast . maybe there was some kind of leak . it did nt like they would make it to new york . james  heart fell , he knew john would be mad when he found out . newline newline james took the plane off autopilot and started a controlled descent . in the back of the plane , john smiled . he knew things were going well . he leaned his head back and closed his eyes . he felt calm , because he knew it would all be over soon . he decided he wanted to watch it happen . he opened his window and looked out across the city . but it was nt the city . they were low to the ground over corn fields . he swore . that imbecile james , he thought . newline newline as they approached the ground , james found a nice level field and gently eased her onto it . the plane slowly decelerated to a stop . he leaned back . newline newline the stewardess jumped up .  you did it ! you re a hero sir ! you saved many lives today , you will be getting an award for sure !  she beamed at him . newline newline he gave back a feeble smile . she walked away thinking he was just tired , but really he was terrified . they had failed their mission , and john would not be happy . he watched the passengers get off the plane one by one , congratulating him and giving him tearful thank yous . he acknowledged them all , but was really waiting for one person . newline newline the line got small , and soon everyone was off the plane , except for one man . john walked up to james . he stood there silently for a second , calm but deeply enraged inside . james stood there fearfully , waiting for what would happen . john smacked him forcefully . he glared at him , then went down the slide . james followed . newline newline                      newline newline john and james were brought around to dozens of news networks and to even more interviews from journalists , all wanting to hear the story of the savior of flight 211 . james responded to all the questions almost honestly , but seemed rather serious . he ended up getting a medal of honor from the president for his heroics in saving so many lives . throughout all of this , john stood in the background , silently fuming , feeling robbed of the glory he thought they would receive for their planned act .for the first time in my life , i m wearing a white lab coat . we all are . they re starched stiff as a board and so uncomfortable that bikram joked that we should all be hooked up to the device . newline newline it was nt that funny , but we all laughed like it was the greatest joke we d ever heard . gallows humor , i suppose . newline newline we re all nervous . today is a big day for us . newline newline that s why i m carrying a clipboard with graphs and numbers that , for all i know , show the peanut crop yields in peru . it s why i m wearing glasses despite having 2020 vision . and it s why we re wearing these lab coats that just arrived in boxes yesterday morning . newline newline this lab coat has nothing to do with our jobs . but it does nt have anything to do with your doctor s job either , and he still wears one . newline newline the truth is , we re wearing them for the same reason as your local doctor . because it gives the appearance of science and sterility . newline newline when i bought the operation , the people in this plant had been drinking coffee out of styrofoam cups . it looked like a factory floor . one of the technicians had been wearing sweatpants and a tshirt that said ,  somebody s got a case of the mondays .  newline newline amateurs . it s like they re trying to look like a sweatshop . they ll never get approved that way . newline newline the doors burst open , and 10 people in smart suits come sweeping in . it s a wonder they did nt walk into walls , since everyone s eyes are glued to their blackberries , fingers frantically typing typing out press releases and orders to their lackeys . newline newline i sweep toward the congresswoman , head and shoulders slouched slightly forward in a position of supplication . i give my brightest smile , all lips and no teeth to avoid dominance , mouth slightly open to give the appearance of delight . i reach out with both arms , somewhere between a handshake and hug . newline newline  congresswoman perkins ! we are so pleased to have you here today !  newline newline she does nt even look up from her blackberry , her fingers never pausing from punching the keys . newline newline to reduce the awkwardness of her ignoring my attempt to shake hands , i clap my hands together and give a slight , almost subliminal bow .  we are so happy that you could join our little project today , congresswoman .  newline newline her typing does nt even pause . it s like i m not even there . i need to get her attention . newline newline  i know you re busy with your campaign , so your time is very valuable . speaking of which , we hope you received our small effort to help with your reelection .  newline newline not exactly subtle , but it has the desired effect . she finally makes eye contact with me , but she s shooting daggers from her eyes . she holds her blackberry to one side without looking and waits for an aide to take it . newline newline i turn with a flourish and a sweep of the arms .  i thought we could start here , in the heart of our plant .  newline newline i approach the main power terminal , which i instructed should be filled with dials and blinking lights . most of them are useless , in terms of power generation , but useful in terms of the effect on viewers . i had the entire operation designed in cleanlooking chrome and a layout that subtly recalls the bridge of the starship enterprise . newline newline i place my hands on the shoulders of one of the technicians in a fatherly gesture . he s an actor that i hired because he looks like a small town doctor .  this is stephen ,  i say . i have no idea what his real name is .  graduated top of his class at mit .  newline newline perkins interrupts me .  how are you even operating ? using pain to generate power is illegal . i cosponsored the bill .  newline newline  electrical generation through discomfiture is illegal .  that term was heavily focus grouped . it s better to not even refer to the methods , but if you have to , most people do nt even know what discomfiture means .  this is a closed project . it s not generating power for electrical use . we re not connected to a power grid .  well , except for the dials and lights in this office . and a few nearby operations . but i wo nt mention that .  this is merely a scientific study of its practical applications . and we ca nt outlaw science , can we ?  newline newline  but your project generates power through torture .  newline newline  congresswoman ,  i say like i m patiently explaining concepts to a 5 year old .  we do nt torture anyone .  newline newline i let the implied reference to abu ghraib hang in the air for a moment . newline newline  torture implies an unwilling participant . every one of our employees is here voluntarily . if any of our employees want to leave , they are free to do so at any time .  newline newline  then why would anyone subject themselves to ... this ?  she practically spits the last word at me . newline newline  we pay  50 an hour , which  according to the latest census  is somewhat higher than the average pay in your district . we offer 401k plans , health and dental insurance , and paid leave . and if any of our employees feels the need to seek alternative employment , we offer generous severance packages . our offer was not only popular , we had people lining up for the chance to work here .  newline newline  how many people are hooked up to your machines ?  newline newline she s asking about the pain subjects , but i ignore that .  well , including the people in here ,   i give stephen s shoulder a shake , and he turns and smiles at her and blinks those baby blue eyes , just like we practiced   plus the doctors and psychiatrists that we keep on staff to monitor all activities , ... 65 . newline newline  but as i said , this is just a small , scientific study . i would imagine that a fully stocked operation would involve ... ,  i pause for dramatic effect ,  ... a little over three thousand jobs .  newline newline i turn away from her , as if addressing a distasteful subject .  if i remember correctly , the unemployment rate in your district is ... somewhat worse than the national average . i imagine that those jobs would be useful in a difficult economy like ours .  newline newline she fidgets uncomfortably . i wish she were hooked up to the machines right now .  jobs ? being poked with needles and cut with knives ? those are nt jobs .  newline newline i do my best to look offended .  oh , it s nothing so medieval , i assure you .  i gesture to a door nearby and 2 people enter .  these are 2 of our employees , rebecca and jacob .  biblical names . it was supposed to be 3 employees , but one of them developed an unfortunate tic . not very presentable .  as you can see , there are no marks on them . our doctors give a thorough examination to all of our employees after every shift to ensure their well being . i can assure you that those doctors would never allow us to physically disfigure the employees .  newline newline electricity . that s how we cause the pain . knives and needles cost money . we make electricity , so it s free . and it has the benefit of leaving no physical marks , beyond the occasional black , smoldering crater in the skin . newline newline she remains steadfast .  you can offer all the dental plans you want . people wo nt undergo 8 hours of pain for a paycheck .  newline newline i look sad , as if addressing an unavoidable disease .  construction workers , coal miners , lumberjacks . any job that requires physical activity often involves some physical discomfort . administrative assistants develop repetitive stress injuries . college athletes develop neurological dysfunction from microconcussions . many jobs involve some measure of physical pain . newline newline  indeed , you went to west point , did nt you , congresswoman ? certainly your job as a soldier protecting our freedoms involved some measure of pain . basic training , defusing ieds in iraq . all for our benefit , and all involved some measure of discomfort , pain , even the risk of death . and you and your fellow soldiers did so voluntarily .  newline newline she looks peeved .  that was service to a greater cause . we do nt need to do this . we already generate enough power . we do nt need to cause pain to do it .  newline newline  you recently sponsored a bill on greenhouse gasses , so i m sure you re aware that the largest portion of our electrical power comes from coal . coal power gives off greenhouse gasses , which  to quote you  threatens catastrophic consequences to our planet and our people .  to say nothing of coal miners , like those poor miners trapped in west virginia in 2006 , and utah in 2007 , and chile in 2010 . nuclear power creates nuclear waste , toxins that will remain radioactive for thousands of years . hydroelectric , solar , wind turbines  all wreak havoc on our ecosystems and will have detrimental effects on future generations . newline newline  to state it simply , congresswoman . the methods that we currently use to generate power already cause of pain . to everyone . us , our children , and our children s children . newline newline  this method is entirely green . no greenhouse gasses . no smog or acid rain . no environmental devastation . no lasting effects to pawn off on our children . newline newline  it s just a question of whether we compensate those feeling the effects of our power generation directly , or if we force the consequences of our actions on our children without offering anything in return .  newline newline  you ca nt be serious .  for the first time , she looks at me like she s taking me seriously . newline newline  the palo verde nuclear power plant in arizona , if operating at full capacity for 24 hours , can generate 12,000 megawatt hours . this operation , with 65 employees , can generate 15,000 megawatt hours . in one 8 hour shift . newline newline  and as i said , this is a small operation . if we built this power operation at full capacity in your district , your city can have thousands of jobs , and we can export electricity to neighboring cities . we can export electricity to neighboring states . think of the power we can generate .  newline newline she looks surprised .  jesus . your company would instantly become a utility . you d be rich .  newline newline i chuckle .  yes , i suppose we would generate a lot of tax revenue . it s just a question of whether that revenue would be generated in your district , or someone else s .  newline newline i smile . but this time , it s all teeth .things where going very well , many starship captains visited and much space currency was made but i guess some one did not like my high prices for the best goods which take allot of effort to gather from around the universe so a few shops opened up right next to me . newline newline newline at first the loss of profits where devastating but then i realized , the skill shop had something nobody had , items with no price or value , it finally hit me and i figured it out . this alien was making a whole lot more then then i was on his bad days compared to my best days . apparently the alien was cunning and had planned this out from the very beginning , why did he want the richest spaceship captains from around the galaxy to visit this place in particular ?the tingling in my chest was immediate and warming . my vision swam as i watched the demon s tongue lick my cheek , kiss my lips and sink her chest into my own . i felt my organs move and my ribs crackle and shift below my skin , stretching impossibly as she laughed heartily . my mouth hangs open , heaving out puffs of ashen air . it finally worked ! i ca nt believe it finally worked ! it s my tim newline newline newline did i black out ? jesus , i pissed myself too . fuck .  newline newline i shake my head wearily and look down at my chest . nothing but tatters of black robe hang around my waist . i begin to stand up and get my bearings . newline newline newline ... i begin to stand up and get my bearings . newline newline newline i begin to what the shit legs , move .  a voice echoes softly in my ear ,  how do you manage to work these things , they re so soft .  newline newline newline what the dicks ? i ca nt control my legs ? fine .  i begin to drag myself to the mirror . alright . so my arms work .  staring into my broken mirror i holy shit that s a pair of demon legs on my carpet . oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck newline newline  just relax , we can clean this up . i must admit these human legs are nt really what i expected them to be . oh look  my left hand swiveled and twitched ,  i ve got this too . are nt i meant to have the whole body ?  newline newline i gradually turned my head to stare at the pair of demon legs draining their blood onto my floor . and right in the middle of them is her damn left hand . newline newline fuck . unbelievable ! i picked the wrong pokemon !  the boy yelled as my friend lay helpless on the ground . we had played like this before in the professor  s yard  sometimes he won sometimes i did , some times bulbasaur even did . it was different now . this time we weren  t playing , we were battling . humans called for us to do something and we listened . no questions asked . apparently unfaltering loyalty wasn  t good enough for squirtle  s boy as it was for mine . newline my boy , the one the professor called red , held me after the battle happy . i should have been happy with that but i couldn  t stop but look back as squirtle returned to his pokeball . i saw the last of bulbasaur that day when i hoped to see the last of the boy the professor called blue , but that was not the case . newline blue and squirtle chased master red and i across kanto . everywhere we went they weren  t far behind , attempting to pass us and challenge us to battles . everytime we won and everytime blue would have the same scaring words for his team that he had for squirtle that first day . newline as blue  s team crumbled our team stayed strong . gaining a pikachu was red  s first major catch and no matter how the team changed the two of us stayed constant . i evolved and he didn  t . then i evolved again and he still didn  t . he was peppy and fun but he was no squirtle . newline red was kind , even when pikachu and i failed him over and over against the onix of pewter city . he nurtured us , encouraging us to be better . not scolding us as blue would have . the more i came to love red the more i hated blue and the more i grew like red the more squirtle grew more like his master . i feared that he hated me just for being the lucky one of the two of us . newline the journey became comforting after a while . the goal of being pokemon league champion seemed far off at first but as one by one we won each badge red became more passionate and so we became just as passionate . newline with gym battles came well trained and happy pokemon and passionate trainers and along the way that was most of what we saw . a drowzee as happy as anything with his old gambling master , a rattata playing contently with his young boy , even the gastlys seemed pleased with the batty conjurers . i thought that squirtle  s unhappiness was truly one in a million , until we met team rocket . newline team rocket made me happy that blue chose squirtle . the lot of them were awful trainers , angry and abusive . an ekans begged me to turn on his master and free him . i wonder if red would have understood if i did attack the trainer . it wasn  t the pokemon  s fault . some of them took to like the villainous actions or just coped . they all had a hopeless look in their eye regardless of the way they acted . all except for giovanni  s pokemon . newline he was a good trainer that much i could tell . his nidoking and i had became rivals faster than my master and blue . he hit harder than any other pokemon i had ever faced . giovanni was the head of team rocket but was nothing like any of the others . nidoking told me in the heat of the battle once that giovanni was a great man before he was a rocket . i suppose i never believed him until i saw giovanni at the end of the last gym . newline the battle was not my fight at first lapras went through the first couple of the rocket leader  s team until machamp knocked her out . that  s when it became my fight . machamp was reckless run through a wall after i quickly dodged him . he didn  t care and neither did his master breaking only from his endless orders to laugh maniacally . newline it took me a while and a hyper potion or two but i brought the four armed menace down . i stood my ground as giovanni called his last pokemon out . my rival stood opposite me for a moment before both our master  s called commands at us . newline  you  re still standing ?  he grunted at me before landing a mega punch directly on my chest ,  thought machamp would have finished you up nice and easy.  newline  what and miss this ?  my flamethrower hit his tail and left a nice burn . he tried another mega punch but this time i was too fast and caught him mid punch before carrying up to the ceiling . i threw him down before landing softly , and he didn  t miss a beat before causing an earthquake . it hurt but i went in for a slash . newline  why do you fight so bravely for the wrong side ?  i asked as i closed in . newline he laughed . i landed my hit and as soon as i did both trainers knew what had happened . red tried to call me back but i couldn  t move . i didn  t knock him out . i wounded him . it didn  t look good . he stood back up , covering the pain . newline he took another swing .  you think i don  t see what he does ? the pain he  s caused ?  his punch missed as he staggered forward . his master called him back but he refused .  you think i don  t know this man is a monster ?  newline i was stunned . i couldn  t move an inch as he limped towards me .  stop you  re hurt.  newline he didn  t listen to me any more than his master . newline  what can i do ? he  s my master . i do as he wishes.  giovanni stumbled with his pokeball as nidoking crumbled to the ground . he looked up at me and spoke ,  charizard , when i hear his voice and look to him i still see that boy that caught me as a nidoran . i remember him before all this when he was just a boy with a dream . its the boy i love and i know he still loves me more than his money or his power.  newline sometimes i cry for him as there was nothing the pokemon center could do for him . then i think of squirtle . nidoking had a master that cared deeply . squirtle was deprived of that . even a man who used pokemon to gain power is better than a boy who doesn  t respect the power . for the case of the both of them and the rest of us it became that whatever path a man chooses , a pokemon obeys .i looked over my shoulders while quickly wiping the pint glass . i pulled out my stopwatch and quickly put it away . newline newline 2.5 seconds early . newline newline i flipped over the gate and briskly walked to the door , my thumb rubbing over the timepieces crystal window . my chest was thumping so hard i could feel it in my ears . i glanced sidways , over to dr. hawking , who apparently had not noticed me skirting my duties . i looked through the peephole , and held up my timepiece to the visitor . he in turn did the same , his watch late by 2.5 seconds . i turned away from the door . newline newline  dr. hawkings , there is someone here to see you !  i called , while opening the door for our visitor . newline newline  you are late  , dr. hawkings announced , his humour still obvious through the dictation . newline newline a man entered , his pea coat dripping wet , despite the cloudless night sky .  apologies , i came as soon as i heard . my favorite subject in school was always creative writing . as opposed to other homework , it only required my imagination and it was fun to do . i remember specifically asking my teachers for more assignments , which annoyed some of my other classmates . newline newline after high school , i wanted to continue writing , but , for one reason or another , i never completed anything . i had a concept for a novel i wanted to write based on one of my creative writing assignments , but i never got past the ideas so they d end up in words . newline newline then , over a year ago now , i discovered writing subs and started writing again . the best thing you can do is just keep writing . i ve known that the whole time , but i never really took it to heart . and , while i have nt been able to write as often as i d like , i can see myself improving , which will only make it easier as time goes on . ahahahahaha ! finally ! i have defeated indestructible man by obtaining the platinum key !  sinister scowl announced to the neighborhood as he strutted proudly toward his house .  now , no one can take it from my ...  at that moment , sinister scowl saw that indestructible man was exiting his front door .  wait what are you doing at my house ?  behind indestructible man came miriam scowl , sinister scowl s lovely old mother . she quaked as she kept her balance , cane in her hand and barely walking through her arthritis . newline newline  oh , hi marvin !  she greeted sinister scowl , whose face drooped . newline newline  mother , what are you doing with him ?  he wondered . newline newline  oh , this young man has offered to take me on a date !  she explained , delighted . sinister scowl stood , paralyzed with emotion he was nt sure if it was fear , or anger , or embarrassment . indestructible man smiled at miriam and then at sinister scowl . newline newline  perhaps , you ll let me have a moment alone with ... marvin ,  he said to miriam and hopped off the porch gingerly , tucking his arm around sinister scowl s shoulders and pulling the scrawny supervillain aside .  so , how s the platinum key ?  newline newline  it s safe , that s how it is . safe , away from you ,  snapped scowl . newline newline  okay , sure buddy . sure . listen , here s the deal . you re going to give me that key back , or i m going to fuck your mom ,  explained indestructible man as bluntly as possible . newline newline  she would never  newline newline  already got some over the bra touching actually ,  he shut scowl up .  and tonight , after dinner , i m gon na dick her down . that is ... if i do nt have the platinum key .  newline newline  are you fucking kidding me ? !  scowl barked .  she s like eighty ! what the fuck is wrong with you ? !  newline newline  uh , wow . how disrespectful is that ?  he said to miriam .  your son just does nt think you can have a good time anymore , can you believe that ?  newline newline  oh , he s always been a sourpuss ,  she waved her hand and slowly creaked down the two steps leading to the porch and took indestructible man by the arm .  come on , we re gon na be late for the movie , sweety , and i want to get a little boom boom during the trailers !  she slapped indestructible man s ass and his eyes lit up . newline newline  whoa ! would you look at that !  he winked at sinister scowl as they started to walk toward the car .  hey , uh just you know , give me a call if you change your mind about that key !  newline newline sinister scowl s face turned into a real scowl , one he had nt worn in days since tracking down and capturing the key . he felt his teeth grind as indestructible man helped his mother into his benz . scowl hated to admit it ... but the bastard had won . newline newline again .the halfling rattled off an order involving two dialects of elvish , three dwarven mountain homes and five types of dairy product . reginnoroth caught a snort just short of his flameglands . he had heard riddles less complicated than the order , posed to him by people with less calories and better nutritional value than the beverage he was being asked for . he repeated the order back word for word  there was a reason he thought of those riddleposers in terms of nutritients . newline newline when most people thought of dragons , they thought of the mighty steeds bonded to valiant warriors , of sages offering wise counsel to kings , or of raiders snatching nubile girls of noble blood to be held in a palatially appointed cave for a dragon s ransom , as it were . what people did nt think about was that for every dragon rich enough to star on the dragon s den , there were three draconic equivalents of a working class stiff . reginnoroth s treasure had been copper , with moldlike mottling caused by silver coins . he could have had a decent living if it had nt been tricked out of it by the blasted halfling too clever to tell his name to a dragon , and right before king grexidomar s genius idea of making a pact with the human king . newline newline so , while grexidomar and the other great dragon lords were wreaking havoc in the stock market , reginnoroth was almost literally stuck in a coffee shop two blocks away , concocting sugarandcaffeine laden caloriebombs for poorly tipping interns . the epics spoke a great deal of the martial impact of dragons , but they tended to gloss over the logistics of feeding a hundredton flying reptile between battles . newline newline  oi , what is this ? this is an uristlimul roast when i clearly asked for a mrulcatten roast !  the halfling snapped after a cursory sip of his beverage . newline newline  no , sir , what you asked for was two parts mrulcatten percolated datanedm ground koganusn roast , which is what you got  , reginnoroth explained . newline newline  i know my bloody coffee and i know what i bloody well ordered !  the halfling raged ,  i demand you redo my order !  and with that , the halfling dumped the five gold piece drink down the drain . newline newline  no , sir , i m afraid i ca nt do that  , reginnoroth said ,  now , please move along , you are holding up the line .  newline newline  i demand to see the manager !  the halfling sputtered . newline newline  i am the owner of this shop  , reginnoroth growled back ,  and i really must ask that you either place another order or get out and leave some room for paying customers .  newline newline after a few false starts , the halfling retorted :  do you know who i am ?  newline newline what the dragon said was  no , i do not .  what his tone and body language said was  i am a dragon , and as such have a way with namemagic , a notoriously short temper and a digestive tract that can handle a main battle tank . please reconsider your current course of action .  newline newline  i am meriawise whiskytuck ! my father owns three chains of coffee shops with individual shops that make more profit in a day than your shop makes in a year !  newline newline  so , meriawise whiskytuck  , the supreme court had ruled that addressing someone by their full name does not constitute a threat of violence even if you have the ability and a history of aiming lightning bolts just by that ,  let me propose a compromise . if you fancy yourself so much better than a mere coffee shop owner , let us trade riddles . if you manage to ask me a riddle i ca nt answer , i ll give you a year s worth of free coffee . if i manage to ask you a riddle you ca nt answer , you ll buy the same service for all the people that have been waiting to order while you bothered me . you go first .  newline newline  fine . what s red , takes up too much space and ca nt make a decent cup of coffee ?  the halfling spat . newline newline  a dragon  , reginnoroth answered ,  what is rotund , not as clever as it thinks and raises cholesterol ?  that got a laugh out of some of the people expecting a year s worth of coffee on mr. whiskytuck s coin . newline newline  what ? you re going to stand there and insult me ?  the halfling objected . newline newline  answer the riddle , meriawise whiskytuck , or concede the game .  he might have had less practice than some , but reginnoroth could still play the mighty dragon s role . newline newline  you ca nt seriously be suggesting that i d buy a year s worth of service to  , the halfling stopped to count , and almost shrieked the result :  eleven people ?  newline newline  you asked a valid question and i answered . the supreme court has found that this counts as accepting the challenge , and upheld it twice this past century .  newline newline  think hard on your answer , lad  , one of the bystanders , an elven lawyer , interrupted before mister whiskytuck could protest ,  latter of the two challenges found that refusing to answer thrice counts as a forfeit . technically , he s already giving you quarter by not taking either of your statements for an answer .  newline newline  this is nonsense ! there s no way that d hold up in a modern court !  the halfling replied to the elf . technically , unless he asked someone for help deciphering the riddle , talking to bystanders was permissible although poor form . newline newline  i count at least one senior partner from three different law firms that have a year s worth of free coffee riding on this  , someone commented ,  you bet it ll hold up in court .  newline newline the halfling was stunned into silence , which sadly did not last . he turned to face his opponent , a look of outrage on his face , pointed an accusing finger at the dragon and yelled  entrapment !  newline newline a stunned silence descended on the whole shop .  yeah , what do you say to that ?  the halfling asked . newline newline  i say  , the dragon pitched his voice to be heard over the general muttering ,  that one year hence , i ll send someone to you to discuss a payment plan .  newline newline the coffee shop erupted in laughter , and three different lawyers offered the halfling pro bono advice not to pursue the matter in court . newline newline reginnoroth turned to the next customer . he may have been compelled to call it fair game the last time someone had managed to trick him , but one did not live as long as he had without learning that these things tended to balance out in the long run . the universe is a crashing orchestra of constant creation and ruin  said anwa , stepping unconsciously in time with me  and not one of us has the ability to even see it !  newline newline i turned to her in bemusement , running around right in front of her in illustration of an unspoken point . newline  you know what i meant , dumbass . i can see you . what i ca nt see is the slow and majestic drift of a tectonic rift , or the bubbling and frothing of a star just before it explodes into a supernova . time , space , everything this world is made of seems determined to prevent me from seeing anything more monumental than the next big summer blockbuster  newline newline her voice seemed on the edge of something . newline newline  reality is so vast , baja  why am i so limited within it ! i m cursed , i tell you . somewhere up there , theres some omnipotent being having a hell of a time watching the cosmic circus and i m just stuck here looking at a single clown s red honking nose .  newline newline silence ensued , as it thankfully can be relied upon to do . it quickly fled the scene though when anwa s voice startled it again . newline newline  i ca nt stand it , baja .  newline newline i looked at her in a mixture of admiration and apprehension . newline newline  baja , i m leaving . thanks for the walk , boy . good dog .  newline newline i went back home . anwa was always good company .i had a feeling one day that someone was there with me . i lived alone then , my kids were grown and i lived alone . things would move around , the floors creak . i had nt seen it but it was there for a month . i started trying to see what was there with me . first it was when i put the mixer in too soon and flour sprang up around my kitchen , a faint shape was exposed but quickly disappeared again . i let the vacuum bag explode out dust all over my living room instead of changing it . the shape was vague and on my couch this time but it was gone too quickly . i spilled powdered sugar all over the floor and was too hurried to clean it . there were bare foot prints in it when i got back . just one set out of the room , i must ve trapped them when i spilled it so they had to walk through . i burned sage in my room at night , thick smoke all round to make sure every corner in my room and closet were empty , locked my door . it did nt help , it came in my room anyway . things were moved slightly , i did nt put my medication on the dresser i always leave it on the nightstand . how was it getting in here , it s impossible . i lived alone then and my things kept moving . i always set my keys by the door , why would i put them in the fruit bowl ? why was it doing this ? i put down mothballs on the floor , a whole box . there was a path through them in the morning , to my bedroom door and up to the front door . how could it not notice what it was walking through ? newline newline when my daughter came to visit she was horrified by what i told her . she moved me to this apartment with a nice helper that checks on me every day and makes sure my medication does nt move . sometimes things are nt where i remember and i think it s followed me here . she reminds me it could ve been her . she has a bad memory that poor girl . bless her heart she ca nt remember a thing ! she must ve moved my keys again , i ca nt seem to find them .erica died at age 17 . she committed suicide after months of being bullied by other girls at her school . only one person was her friend , matt . newline newline newline 8 years after erica s death newline newline newline matt took off his glasses and placed them gently on the nightstand beside his bed . he grabbed the phone and looked at the time . it was 11:45pm and work was in 6 hours . he sighed ,  i really need to stop playing video games so late into the night .  matt turned over and went to sleep . newline newline newline it was the same as that day . matt looked around the hazy room . he could nt see all the details but he recognized the place as the nurses office from high school . he heard a small ringing sound but paid it no mind . erica walked out of the back room with the nurse following close behind . her eye was black and she was holding an ice bag to her forehead . newline newline newline matt stood up and went to her ,  are you alright ? who did this ? where are they ?  she just gave him a gentle smile .  it s fine matt , really . i just ... walked into a door . that s all . no one did this to me .  she looked away to hide her guilt for lying so blatantly . newline newline newline but matt knew the truth . he d seen the hurtful notes and the random death threat texts from different numbers . he also knew how this dream would play out since he d had it almost every night for a month . the nurse was about to say ... newline newline newline  here s a note , if you give this to your teacher you can go home .  she handed erica a piece of paper . erica thanked the nurse then walked away . matt attempted to stop her but she twisted her shoulder away from his grasp . newline newline newline  i ll see you tomorrow . try not to get in trouble before i see you again .  matt could hear her choking back sobs , but he could nt say anything just like that day . in his mind he is screaming that he needs to stop her , make her stay , do nt let her go home alone . newline newline newline but again , matt did nothing except nod . she walked out the door without another word . what happened in the next 12 hours plays on fast forward . erica goes home early . matt goes back to class . he gets home and then gets a phone call . it s erica s parents . she had hung herself after getting home while no one was there . they ask him if he knew what was going to happen . he tells them no . they hang up after giving him an empty thanks . matt cries for the rest of the night . newline newline newline matt woke up drenched in sweat . his heart was racing and his body was unbearably hot . he got up and stumbled to the bathroom in the dark and blurry hallway . he tripped the last few steps and caught himself on the bathroom counter . newline newline newline he turned on the faucet and splashed his face with cold water . the sudden drop in temperature brought a sudden sharpness with it as matt s muddled head brought everything into focus . well , as focused as one could be without wearing glasses . he sighed in defeat . newline newline newline he noticed that the sun had started to rise through the window in the bathroom . that meant he had to start getting ready for his crappy office job . 8 hours of mundane and boring work for 10  hr . matt regretted his decisions after erica had passed away . newline newline newline he d gotten stupid drunk a few days after her death and destroyed one of the girls cars that had been bullying erica . the school had a zero tolerance policy and he was expelled the next morning . he had gotten a ged the next year but that arrest and expulsion stayed on his record . few jobs would hire someone like that for more than 10  hr . like most people , matt wished he could change the past . but that only worked in fairy tales , tv shows , and manga . newline newline newline a few days later newline newline newline matt went to bed extra tired that night . the boss had asked him to stay later to finish up a project . he did nt want to but more hours was more money . he checked the time , it was 12:57am . with a dreaded sigh , matt went to bed expecting to feel twice as exhausted tomorrow . newline newline newline the dream started again . he sat in the nurses office , waiting for erica . she came out of the back room . suddenly the ringing became intense . matt wondered if he had freewill here he d be cupping his ears and crying out in pain . but events played out like they were supposed to . newline newline newline nurse s note . walking away . attempt at stopping her .  i ll see you tomorrow . try not to get in trouble before i see you again .  the ringing stopped suddenly . the room was deathly quiet . before he realized what was happening , matt blurted out .  erica .  newline newline she turned around halfway ,  yes ?  but he was stunned . this had never happened before . events had always played out exactly the same . maybe this was a lucid dream . newline newline newline matt knew he could not change anything in the real world . but maybe , for one night . he could save her . he grabbed her hand and looked her dead in the eyes .  stay right there for a minute . if you move i swear i will chase you down and tackle you .  erica seemed surprised .  uh , okay ...  newline newline newline he nodded briefly then walked over to the nurse s desk .  uhm , maam ... my stomach is hurting could i get a pass to go home as well ?  the woman in her mid thirties gave him a look of disbelief . newline newline newline  mr. jenson if i were you , i d try a bit harder than that to ditch class .  matt bit the inside of his cheek . he d have to sell this .  no really maam i feel terrible ... i threw up this morning and thought i was well enough to come to class but i guess not ... also my gut is really feeling tight ...  he did his best to look ill. then dream fate seemed to be on his side as a massive grumble erupted from his stomach . newline newline newline the nurse seemed to not believe him but she rolled her eyes and wrote him a quick note similar to erica s note . he thanked her and turned back to erica , who had been sitting there in a sort of daze . matt grabbed her hand again .  let s go . we have a lot to talk about .  newline newline newline suddenly everything froze . time itself seemed to stop moving . matt could not feel himself breathing anymore . the world was standing still . newline newline the door to the nurse s office opened suddenly and a man in a white lab coat and clipboard walked into the room . he had black hair with greying roots . his beard was neatly trimmed and he wore wore thin glasses that rested on a pointed nose . newline newline newline he observed matt and wrote a few things on the clipboard . he took out a run of the mill stopwatch and clicked it a few times . he wrote more onto the clipboard . after writing down many notes he finally nodded satisfied and walked over to matt . newline newline newline  hello ! this is quite the interesting turn of events . you ve never made it this far before . you always fall flat at the first and only hurdle . but fret not , your repeated diligence has been rewarded .  he pulled a plain white card with some writing on it out of his pocket and tucked it into matt s pocket .  let us know how everything turns out when you wake up . we ll be interested to know mr . jenson .  newline newline newline the strange man turned and walked out of the room . he pulled the door closed until the lock clicked into place , then everything erupted into white light . newline newline newline matt woke up peacefully for the first time in a month . he rose slowly and looked around . it was too dark to see anything meaning that it was still before sunrise . matt sighed in relief . he d saved erica in his dreams . maybe now his guilty conscious would let him rest easier from then on . newline newline newline his phone began to ring suddenly .  who on earth would be calling at this  he blinked at the screen a few times . it was black with one word at the top ,  erica  3  he picked it up and swiped the answer button . newline newline newline  hello ?  he said . a feminine voice came through in reply .  hello sweetie ! i know it s still really early in the morning but i just got off my flight and wanted to hear your voice after going without it for a few hours . i m in london now . i ll try and finish up here in a few days .  newline newline newline matt felt tears begin to fall down his face .  you re ... you re alive ...  the voice laughed a bit ,  of course silly ! i told you that i have a better chance of winning the lottery than being in a plane crash ... or is that getting struck by lightning ? ah who cares , point is that i m perfectly safe . ooh , i got ta go now , my taxi is right there . or is it called a cab here ? oh i ca nt wait to find out . ta ta !  the call ended with a click . newline newline matt had a thousand questions running through his head . he leaned over and turned on the nearby lamp . suddenly the room was illuminated and he could see it was not the same on he d fallen asleep in . the bed was king size and there was a large walk in closet and a tv on the wall . newline newline newline he stood up and walked over to the bathroom door . still in a haze he turned on the faucet and splashed cold water on his face . the world came into sharp focus again and he looked up and into the mirror . a single white card with some writing was stuck to the center . matt grabbed it and squinted at the lettering . newline newline  lucidity inc. we make your dream , a reality . call us at  xxx  xxxxxxx for any and all questions , complaints , requests , and feedback  newline newline matt slowly looked up and into the mirror again . he noticed a picture in the corner and grabbed it . it was a picture of him and erica posing for wedding photos . newline newline newline he was reminded of the end of a recent tom cruise movie . the one with aliens and robots or something . he never really understood the ending until now . all matt could do was a quick chuckle .i watched as the slow drifting tumbleweed pass on by the barren roads . i checked my watch , it s been six hours since we ve been stranded here , jim and i . newline newline when did you say the towtruck would be coming ?  i watched the tumble weed flutter up from a small whirlwind . newline newline jim looked at his sunken tires , never , i guess .  newline newline i let out an exasperated sigh . two single men , whose only friends were each other , nobody would come and save them at that hour . newline newline the sun is starting to set ,  jim said , sitting in the open top cadillac . he took out a cig and took a puff before offernig it , you want ?  newline newline i shook my head , i want food , and water , and a new pair of clothes .  my body felt disgusting . the fibers stuck to every inch of my skin , and i smelt of the dead . newline newline i joined him in the car . i checked my watch again , 8:30 , the only source of light was fading . newline newline got anyone else , you can call ?  i looked over to him , taking another puff . newline newline jim had given up on the day , not even responding to my calls . i checked his car for something , anything . there was no food , no water , it was suppose to be a short drive . but , lo and behold , in his glove compartment , an automatic pistol . newline newline jim ... we re getting outta here . we ll get food and water and a fresh pair of clothes .  newline newline his grim face stared at me , and how do we do that ?  newline newline i took out my phone and dialed a number , and a voice repsonded from the line , newline newline hello , 911 , what s your emergency ?  newline newline hello , my friend has just been shot , please come immediately , he s bleeding out . we are at polken road .  newline newline keep him warm , an ambulance will shortly arrive .  newline newline i closed my phone , wait , what now ? who the hell is hurt ?  jim exclaimed . i cocked the pistol , and aimed for his stomach . wp  when everyone turns 18 , they receive a pet which is figurative of their personality . you re the first person to receive a dragon ... newline newline goals : newline newline  make sure the personalitymirroring part is there too , not just the dragon part newline newline  make it more about after getting the dragon , not before newline newline  make it a rich backstory , not just the actual dragon acquisition newline newline  don  t focus on the why or how of 18thyear pet acquisition . it happens and it  s widely accepted . newline newline  don  t focus on the dragon . don  t even use the word dragon . newline newline  show  don  t tell .  newline newline  newline newline  sandbags go there . line the entrances , six high . when you re done , assist with the evacuation of the nethergrove . salvage what you can along the way . when the skies fall , leave . abandon those who refuses to come . the storm will take the stubborn .  newline newline a bustle of activity as the city sentinels obeyed the robed man s commands . behind him women and children wailed . the nethergroves had been their livelihood , and their fathers , brothers , and sons had been adamant about rescuing their sweet trees . however , they had come to a compromise : their wives and children would be taken to safety . but they themselves would die . newline newline  save them , sir , please !  came the desperate sobbing of a pretty maiden , too young to realize that there was nothing more to be done .  they said you could command torrents to halt . have you no mercy ?  newline newline in a way , it was true . he had done it before . however , that was when he had been standing at the top of a large hill . fair as she was , this girl could nt get it through her head that water flows downhill . newline newline  newline newline fourteen years before the starfall event , joren had come to school quite late . by this time , his instructors did not bother to try to discipline him . not only was he one of the more well behaved and hard working pupils in the academy , he was also the most shrewd and cunning . time and again , he d find a loophole or strike a deal favorable to the instructors , until they had learned that interrupting their instruction in order to be humiliated in front of the other pupils by a boy they had no problems with in the first place was not the way they preferred to spend the early hours of the day . newline newline however , he was never later than a few rotyims at most . which is why , when the delinquent arrived with half the day gone , covered in scratches , burns , and a face splitting grin , the academy was intrigued . after all , they had expected this . it was joren s eighteenth gigarotyim . newline newline  newline newline  forward ! advance ! press the attack !  newline newline anything else the regimenchief with the bloodied uniform might have said was drowned in the war cry of eight thousand angry , cornered warriors . a wise general once said that if you place an army with a natural barrier , like a river , at their backs , they will fight harder and more ferociously than one with the option of retreat . that had assumed , however , that the generals had the choice . the regimenchief was forced into his current position . at his back and to the sides were hills , and in front of them were plains from which the enemy advanced . an ambush a fortnight ago had beheaded their chain of command . wargod clarice and the other officers were separated from the main force along with a fifth of the the forces they were leading to secure the control towers from which they commanded the last of their sky obelisks . amidst the magnesium pellets whizzing by their ears the regimenchief eyed the wargod fall from her strider , two meters to the soft mud , before her loyal sentinels dragged her to cover . the regimenchief , then the most experienced battlemajor they could find , was promptly promoted and put a the head of the remaining strike force . newline newline now , the same magspits fired their way as the eight thousand charged to certain doom . the enemy had clearly expected them to hunker down and hole up and try to defend a seige of their fortified positions . they had just begun work on erecting samson windshields to defend against whatever potshots and artillery they predicted to come . what they had not realized was that the regimenchief s supply of pellets had run dry long before . even basic cleaning and maintenance materials were sparse , and whatever samson windshields they had could only be powered for brief moments , considering the amount of oil they had left . newline newline heatlances were not powered by oil or fed by magnesium , but energized by the heat of sol , motion of the wind , and inertial thrust of the lanceman . they were specialized weapons , ones only the vanguard and strider riders  officers and scouts  trained extensively with . yesterday they worked tirelessly to charge and overcharge the lances and teach any and everyone how to wield them . today , they would be used by lancemen , riflemen , bandagemen , wrenchmen , and wingmen alike . not a single one of the regimenchief s men held magnesium spitters that day , and they had caught the enemy unprepared . newline newline bloodlust raged among the opposing forces as they clashed . heatlances ran through or cut down wrenchmen and the sentinels tasked with protecting them left and right , front and back . the windshields had provided somewhat of an obstacle , but there were wrenchmen in their numbers as well , and they fell in short order . newline newline the regimenchief knew , however , that this victory would not last . they had barely gone the fifteen thousand of the enemy forces , and the least trained for open combat , at that . neither did his men have any illusions of leaving this battlefield alive . their mission now was not to destroy the adversary  they were simply occupying them long enough for wargod clarice and her two thousand to push forth and complete their mission , and take as many of the foe with them as possible . newline newline their advance slowed , then stopped . gradually , they were pushed back as more and more of the foe  s warriors rose from their slumbers to meet them . the volume of enemy fire doubled , then tripled , and just when the regimenchief thought that every magspit in the world was present in this little valley , it doubled again . his wrenchmen had planned for this and turned the enemies  windshields around to serve them , but their supply of oil would not last forever . he sent out fewer and fewer sorties out to harry their flanks as the enemy wizened and repelled them more and more effectively . a collective prayer rose to the heavens . newline newline war horns sounded from both sides of the opposing army . the sun , now low in the sky and touching the crests of the hills , was blocked out by a single file of lancemen in wargod clarice  s colors . just behind them were riflemen with magspits at the ready . another low rumble of the war horns and the vanguard set off at a charge , the riflemen behind them advancing slower but steadily , providing suppressive fire . newline newline   genchief !  genchief ! it  s reinforcements ! we  re sav what the hell ?  newline newline the two elements flanked both sides of the opposition . on the right , threefourfivesix hundred men in total ? on the leftbarely three hundred ! nine hundred against fifteen thousand . this would be a slaughter , unseen flank or not . he could see the officers  striders in the center rear of the army , portable windshields up on all sides , yelling orders down to the men . wargod clarice was with the smaller element , pushing well ahead of the riflemen , but behind the vanguard . newline newline there were too little of them . they would be slaughtered , he knew it . the only reason they  d be doing something like this was to give the eight thousand a fighting chance to escape in the confusion . the regimenchief stood from cover of the rockssafely behind a windshield , of courseand commanded his men to rise to the challenge , to not be outdone by their valiant comrades . the men rose , lanceman and rifleman and bandageman and wrenchman and wingman alike , and steeled their nerves , ready to die or to live as fate dictated it . newline newline suddenly , there was a rush of wind , and a large shadow engulfed them . no , the regimenchief thought . they weren  t here to save us . they were here for revenge , or as a last stand . wargod clarice had not been able to secure communications with the sky obelisks , and the enemy had instead made them fall from the sky once again . his last breath would be of superheated air , and his grave marked by metals and composites from the void . he would die anonymously and so would his newline newline another rush of wind and the shadow shifted and twisted and moved . a tremendous roar shook the very ground they stood on . regimenchief joren looked to the sky and saw that the bloodred clouds had been replaced by orange flame and leather . newline newline they were saved . newline newline  newline newline cont .i looked down at my watch counting the seconds as they ticked by . it seemed like an eternity waiting for her answer . it was a story ripped from the pages of some bad novel . we were two different , like we were from different planets . i looked up into her eyes and saw the same sparkle i  d noticed on the first day we met . the day i vowed to always be there for her . newline newline she looked back at me and started to open her mouth . i leaned forward eagerly and she looked back down at her coffee . newline newline  you know i want to but we ve tried this before . i need a man who wants to be with me , who is nt constantly showing up late for our dates or putting them off to work . a man who loves me more than anything else  . she commented hesitantly . newline newline this is it . do or die time . she  s on the edge , the right words from you can sway her , and you know the right words . i heard a deep screech behind me and whipped my head around as i stood up , knocking my chair to the ground . the sound of a woman screaming , more than one , maybe a school bus ? i looked back at my fianc to be . so beautiful , like an ice sculpture . newline newline i reluctantly ran , donning my costume as soon as i was outside . the fire was the worst of it but i managed to quickly put it out . after checking the children for wounds and being satisfied that they would all be fine i returned to the cafe . newline newline there she was still frozen waiting for my answer . yes ! i still knew the right words , i wasn  t too late ! i fixed my chair and sat down ready to make promises before i saw my watch . still floating in the air where it had been torn off by incredible g forces . i looked at it sadly watching the second hand struggle forward infinitesimally . i looked at my fianc to be , she  d never know i  d left . i wrapped the strap back around my wrist . newline newline  ... .  i looked into her eyes and saw that same sparkle , that hope i couldn  t betray .  maybe you  re right . i  m so busy with work right now it wouldn  t be fair to either of us . maybe we should just ... take a vacation together or something.  newline newline i saw those beautiful eyes watch me curiously before closing in acceptance . i was the only one who knew i  d left . all she  d seen was the flash .money and love will make you do stupid things . newline newline people have killed for it . stolen it . some have even enslaved themselves , and restricted their freedom to have some type of security and stability through a job . newline newline i was one of those idiots that worked for it , instead of hiking , or , my favorite , writing of a world where things went smoothly and teenage angst was the biggest struggle of our time . newline newline i did nt live in that world . newline newline instead i lived in a world where president yanokovich  ?  signed a property deal with russia , giving them our gas lines . he did this instead of making moves toward the eu . newline newline our people were left with shit to begin with , then this deal happened and riots broke out . i knew i was on the losing side . it s just that when it succeeds i m worried what will happen to my little antoinette , maybe if i can hold out for two more weeks , i ll be paid and prepared for chaos , so she could eat and not know the difference . newline newline i thought of all this , as i strapped on my riot shield , and heard the faint echoes of chants and fireworks . the rioters newline newline anne was three , loved to play dress up , and had nothing but innocence in her heart . hell , we even had a tea party while i was still wearing my riot gear . newline newline   you with the riot shield ! to the front !   my captain motioned me to hop on the open truck to be sent in . newline newline as i sat there i thought of anne s mother . she was artistic , elegant , and adventurous . she challenged everything : her god , her country , even the norm of settling down . she challenged normal fashion sense and wore eccentric colours . she was the love of my 19 year old life . pheebee feebee her name stuck in my mouth . unfortunately she died during child birth transitioning me to the next love of my life , my new world , which forced me to settle down , work for my country , and wonder if god punished me . i m glad pheebee could nt see me now newline newline   here s your line .   that was code word for time to punish these rioters  , and it was apart of the ... fun  some of my coworkers signed up for . newline newline as i pushed my way through the grey uniformed men , i saw out in the distance a field of colours , a field of rioters who dared risk their idea of livelihood for something new . strangely the closer i got to front line the quieter it got , as if my instincts has built in ear phones for the fireworks that roared above my head . in the front i held my riot shield against a screaming protester who said vulgar things about my livelihood . i couldn  t hear these things , things were , again , muffled . then i was hit with a rock , and instinct kicked in and i raised my baton and struck the dirty college boy in front of me . right in the chin , except something was different . my heart was racing and i was left breathless and my conscious felt dirty . i looked down at the bloodied unconscious boy to see if he was okay , to see if my soul could remain innocent . except it wasn  t the boy any more . what i saw in front of me was an pheebee in a yellow dress , covered in blood and dead . again newline newline my eyes blurry and watery , my breathing got worse . i was hallucinating . my baton still clinched . frantic , i looked up at the rioters to see them charging at the line with their own shields . they were all different types of pheebee  s . newline newline i closed my eyes and changed my stance for impact , ready to strike them down . my love , my life .  as they clashed in to me and i pushed back , i again raised my baton . tears behind my mask as i hit every pheebee ... for antoinetteever dream of a land where changes were subtle , but the outcomes were endless ? a land of lands , like ice cream flavors stacked snug behind the frosted glass . newline newline this was how i first began to imagine the world beyond the mirror . i could be anyone , and the world s i called home could be anywhere in the universe i could dream and desire . if i focused hard enough on the details , they would slowly melt into one another , rearranging their atoms to recreate a scene . this was my world . newline newline there were others , of course . other swifters , or some called themselves shifters , or jumpers , and drifters . we could all move between worlds  it was a nonquestion . like meeting kindred brethren along the winding pathway of life . few and far between , yet each encounter as stellar as the last . each one serving as a reminder that i was not alone . newline newline this was not too long ago . but i fear i may be short on time . the world as we knew it is no longer valid . there was a massive temporal disturbance that pulsated through our collective human conciousness . these are uncommon , but to be expected as we move towards the singularity . newline newline this time , we all felt it . newline newline it was like parts of my being were being archived away . waves of exhaustion pummeling me to the ground as i gained my composure to write . alters of mine taken to grey areas to remain under lock and key within my own mind . vanished , really . warriors falling like old fruit flies . newline newline i look to you now . you are blessed to have a valid connection to the network in your worldline . do not take this for granted with depravity and procrastination , for this is your wake up call . the others will now come to you , if there are any other survivors . i can only see a few of us now as i look through the mirror . newline newline please be careful on the other side of that glass . holy shit !  . newline newline  no sir , any shit will do , mr. president  . replied a the shorter of the two men informant of him . newline newline  so you re telling me that if we give them our poop , they ll give us concentrated dark matter ?  . newline newline  well , just human feces  , replied the taller . newline newline  do we have any idea why ?  . newline newline  i do  bellowed neil degrasse tyson just now walking into the oval office . newline newline  biological weapons  he continued ,  we ve studied the autopsy report on the first contact , and we believe minor exposure to human feces would quickly shut down one or two of their major organs .  newline newline  so maybe a communism is nt needed to achieve intergalactic civilization , huh ?  the president laughed to himself . newline newline  we do nt know sir , the trade may leave countless lives dead , but it could also improve the lives of our worlds citizens exponentially , either way we ll support your decision  , and with that neil and his colleagues exited , leaving mr.trump with a huuuuggggeeeee decision . it s a ... action figure of some kind of ...  newline newline  what ? what is iiiit ?  exclaimed rex , shaking the baby monitor in a panic . newline newline pandemonium reigned in the room , whilst a woody doll tried to maintain control . newline newline he was the law , after all . newline newline   newline newline the boy left the toy . on his bed . newline newline fitting . the sleeper on the bed . newline newline it awakened . newline newline   newline newline  uh ... hi there . i m woody , and you re kind of in my spot there . the bed is ...  newline newline the cephalopod head on a humanoid shape with reptilian features just stared at the cowboy and shook a tentacle absently . newline newline  i guess you do nt understand me , huh ? okay , well , i m kind of the leader in this room , and you are the new guy , yes , you . so we need to go over some ground rules , okay ?  newline newline the cephalopod smiled . how it smiled considering its mouth by all rights should be where its neck s windpipe was is a question for parabiologists and toy designers , but the creature gave an expression of cruel contentment . newline newline   newline newline it was one week later , when little bo peep was shattered in a ritual sacrifice by the troll dolls to cause the wrath of their cephalopedian master to reign upon the toys andy preferred over them that woody had to take matters into his own hands and get people to resist the new guy s apparent call to arms against the popular toys .let me just preface this with saying that i ve never owned this teapot  i ve never even used it . still , i ca nt remember a single good memory without it . although i guess those day are behind me now . newline newline to be honest : it did nt really serve its purpose that well . it was slow and gave the tea a metallic aftertaste . i think she would ve been heartbroken if she knew i d been lying about the tea all these years but i could nt stand the thought of telling her . she was always funny like that  could nt probably tell the difference between a pear and an apple , but if she knew that she was eating something rare or expensive it was suddenly the most scrumptious thing she d ever tasted . i guess it had something to do with her childhood . she always told me about the first time she tried chocolate , probably thinking she d never told me before . just recalling that sparkle in her eyes sends eerie shivers down my spine . newline newline every tuesday for twenty years , barring those when i was at summer camp , i visited her . the teapot always stood ready on the center of the table , surrounded by a sea of biscuits that could feed a small village . mum never wanted me to eat sweet things so i figured that this was to compensate , and compensate it did . we sat for hours on end , just talking and having some tea . as a small child i found it a bit boring , but as the years went by i started relishing those tuesdays more and more . it was always so quiet in her house . you could actually hear the clocks ticking . she never raised her voice and treated me like an equal . in retrospect i m always embarrassed for the countless times i tried to explain pokmon or yugioh , or whatever was the craze of the week , to her . i wish i had asked more , instead of talking all the time . newline newline i would say that this teapot feels like home to me but that would be a lie . i never liked it much at home . no , this teapot feels like grannie s . newline newline this is my first attempt at this so well , here it goes . newline newline   newline eric robert peters . no matter how lana looked at it , the name would nt go away . it was there on the screen printed in a bold font and was undeniably hers . newline newline oh she could argue that the results were wrong as many politicians do , but time and again the science has proven it to be correct . past lives inc. was never wrong . a grandiose statement of course but every accusation of error had been defeated by interdependent testing . newline newline that name sat there on the page . the most notorious serial killer of the twenty first century . the man that children scared each other with by saying that  eric people eater is going to get you !  . something that she herself had yelled on playgrounds in her youth . funny how true that statement was now . newline newline she stood in the lobby of past live inc or pli as they called themselves , while the bored woman behind the desk tapped away at her screen . muted happy sounds emanated from the computer , clearly she was playing a game of some sorts . lana nervously laid an encoded key on the desk and waited for a few moments for the secretary to notice . after a while she cleared her throat which resulted in a deep sigh and the attention of the secretary . newline newline  wait here .  the woman , diana according to her name tag , took the key and plugged it into a terminal behind her . after a few moments it beeped and displayed a cheerful green . newline newline  damn .  lana thought . newline newline   newline newline when reincarnation had been proven almost 200 years ago it had become a new ritual that people included in the writing of their wills to leave an encoded message to the future selves . companies like pli , remember me , and memories had sprung up all over the place . the market for people wanting to know who they used to be was very strong . people paid six to eight months salary just to find out who they were . even finding out that you were a  new soul  was something of a big thing because you re a clean slate and ready to leave your mark on eternity . people would rejoice when they found out that they used to be albert einstein , shannon louis , or lou gehrig . newline newline even when the soon to be president of the united states , saul rodriguez learned that he used to be adolf hitler , he celebrated it and often joked that every day he lived he was a better man than he used to be . there was something a little better about it back then though . hitler never recorded a message to his future self . newline newline  end of the hall and last door on the left . the room is open if you want to watch the recording .  , diana said with a tired voice . she took a deep breath .  as per company policy , all recorded data is private and viewable only to intended recipient . no recording devices may be used to archive or transfer the information outside of the viewing rooms . the drive you hold now will not work outside of the room and will be destroyed after you leave as per the past life antidiscrimination act . past lives inc. would like to remind all clients that the actions of former selves do not have an effect on you and we welcome you to leave your own recording for the future .  newline newline lana held the drive , no bigger than her finger in her hand like it was the hand of a dead man . in a sense it was . she thanked diana and walked to her room and closed the door . newline newline a pedestal was in the middle of the otherwise empty room . a single rectangular hole in the top of it . she took a deep breath and plugged the drive in . she had to know . she could nt just walk out without seeing what was left behind . newline newline   newline newline an ethereal 3d image of a man in his 40 s flared to life to the left of the pedestal . he was dressed headtotoe in a orange prison uniform . beside him sat a very large plate of halfeaten food . slices of pizza , chicken legs , cake , candy bars , etc littered the plate and the bench that he sat on . newline newline she recognized the face from documentaries , eric peters . scruffy yet not unattractive . his bone structure was visible in his face and exposed arms . she recalled that he had been on a hunger strike in the days up to his execution though she could not recall why . this holographic recording had to have been taken just a few hours before he drew his last breath . newline newline  hello .  newline newline she jumped in spite of herself . newline newline  this is odd . i do nt know what to say . i guess i could say sorry ? some poor bastard is watching this now and wondering what on earth he did to deserve this . i assume that you probably still know who i am though that might be a bit conceited of me . you do nt kill 37 people and get forgotten do you ? eating a few of them probably sealed the deal .  newline newline  so i guess this is where i tell you that what you read about me was wrong . i m really some innocent guy that was framed and that you used to be some lowly banker that got mixed up in the crime of the century . haha . sorry buddy , keep dreaming .  newline newline he drew a deep breath . he glanced around nervously and leaned out of the recording area then returned back . newline newline  good they left me alone .  newline newline his voice dropped to a barely a whisper ,  this is nt the first time you know ? oh no . when i was 22 i went to pli and watched me from the past describe in horrifying detail how shane adams had killed nearly a dozen people and got away with it . how his soul was on a mission through time to eliminate the settana as he called them . i thought he was crazy but the more he talked i realized he was right . i could see the settana everywhere . i had no choice , i had to continue his work and so do you .  newline newline lana shrank back in horror . she had no idea who shane adams was but the idea that the man before her had been changed by what he had watched scared her . she tried to will herself to rip the drive from the port and leave now but found no strength to move . newline newline  ... corner of your eye . you can see them ca nt you ? i know you can . we ve always been able to . even as a child i could .  newline newline he leaned back and shook his head slightly then leaned forward again ,  i made a mistake since i m sitting here and on my way to die but you can do better because we get better every time . i got 37 of them .  newline newline a wry smile came to his face ,  i probably should nt have ate any though . i do nt recommend that . the taste ...  newline newline  no ! leave get out  her mind screamed at her to leave the room but she remained . newline newline  ... box 89921 . you ll find everything i learned about them . how to remove them from this world . we have to continue the mission . if you fail then make sure you pass this on to the future . i almost was nt able to but my little hunger strike worked . well , good luck future me .  newline newline the image vanished and she was left in the dark room . fear gripped her and she sank to the floor . she had come saved for years to come here and learn about her past . now she regretted everything . her family would be eager to learn what she had learned though it was considered impolite to ask . she had to lie of course . make up a name , a caretaker from some foreign country would do . newline newline gathering herself together she removed the drive and left the room . diana hunched over her desk and spared a brief glance at her  in the grinder there to the left . we hope you return to continue the chain . pli wishes you a happy day .  she barely glanced up from the screen . newline newline lana turned toward the door when she caught it . it was brief and just in the corner of her eye but unmistakable . that was nt a human sitting there at the computer . settana ! eric was right ! newline newline she dashed from the building and entered the crowded street . everywhere she looked she spotted them . oh there were not many but they were there . that man on his phone by the fountain , no a settana on his phone . the settana hiding in a little boy playing with his dog . another drove taxi past her . they were all around ! newline newline box 88921 . she had to find out what was in the box . it was a few hours drive but she had to find out . eric was right , the mission must go on .the decision i was about to follow through with had been 2 years in the making . initially , i d convinced myself that the house was exactly how i d wanted it to be , but only now was i able to realise that all this time i was just protecting myself from the truth of the matter , which was that i d wasted a good fortune seeking a thrill , only for it to not even come close to my expectations at the end of it all . none the less , four years was no short period of time and it only felt right to leave my companions , at the house , a note bidding them farewell . newline newline   dear augustus , quincy , and sylvia ,  newline newline if you happen to be reading this , it means i ve left the house for good and have no intentions of returning , ever . i would say it s not because of something you ve done and that it s a decision i ve made due to personal circumstances , however , quite frankly , that would not be true .  newline newline when i first saw the advertisement about a haunted apartment up for sale , with pictures of the ghosts  you guys  and all as proof , i was thrilled . at the time , my life was quite mundane  the business was booming , i was getting richer , and that was just about it . so naturally , this felt like a perfect opportunity to change things up .  newline newline it was a winwin situation , really . either , i would stay at the house for a couple of months , get the life scared out of me , and leave with some great stories to tell or if not that , perhaps a ghost would make me say goodbye to this well lived life and guide me over to paradise , for me to live my next one .  newline newline unfortunately , the three of you did nt manage to accomplish either of those two for me . instead you ve left me feeling as if i ve wasted two years of my life , and though i did nt have anything spectacular planned for them , i ca nt help but feel bitter . i m a businessman after all .  newline newline i wo nt deny that you tried to serve your purpose by coming up with plans to horrify me , however , they were just executed so poorly that i could nt help but wonder if all ghosts were astoundingly incompetent or if i d just had the misfortune of coming across the only three who were .  newline newline now , i m not writing this to merely insult you . if i were you i d treat it more as constructive criticism , in case someone does decide to rent out this house after me . let s take it from the start .  newline newline the bloodstain on the carpet when i first moved in . everyone and their mothers  have read the canterville ghost . the worst part is nt even that you copied the same tactic , it s that you obviously went through the book yourself and ignored the fact that the tactic did nt work out at all for the ghost of canterville . the lesson to be learnt here is be original , but more importantly , do nt be stupid .  newline newline next , the fact that your classic scary attires look like white bedsheets with holes for eyes . i stopped myself from laughing the first 4 times i came across the three of you just so you would nt feel bad . it was almost like you were pretending to be ghosts .  newline newline on the note of pretending , the howls and the shrieks and the screams . they had no heart in them . you ve got to make them real guys . maybe some vocal lessons will help .  newline newline overall , this has been quite a disappointing experience for me as i m sure you can already tell .  newline newline none the less , i wish you all well and hope one day , you learn enough to be able to take revenge on me for the absolutely disgusting review i ll be leaving for the house .  newline newline   newline newline did nt proofread so the tenses and grammar are probably incorrect in some places . newline newline newline newlineyou know that smell of mould ? newline newline of course you do , we all know that smell . sticks to the mucus in your sinuses and hangs about  till you  re finding it hard to breathe . that room was that smell , through and through , and it didn  t help that the poor schmuck in the chair had pissed himself twice already .  tell me if you need to piss and i  ll get you a bucket  i kept telling him , but the idiot wouldn  t listen .  just let me go home , i swear i didn  t mean to offend him   my family , my kids , my wife  . well i swear i could put a ball gag in every idiot who ends up in this room  s mouth , play a record with those words over and over and i wouldn  t miss a damn thing . newline newline this is where you end up when you offend chairman worthing , in the pissandmould room with a flickering florescent light bulb and little old me . they  ve heard stories about this room that make the toes of the liberation war veterans curl  honestly , i  m honoured  . they bring you down here on chairman worthing  s request and i tell  em to pick a number between 3 and 7  lucky numbers , you know ?  i tell them one will be a painless death and the other i  ll have my fun until the crackle of the intercom tells me i got another dope on the way down . of course none of the numbers are pleasant , and none are painless . i don  t get enough ration points to be painless , you know ? they all get their own little song and dance about it  they all get their own agony , but it always starts with the same thing , something to wake  em up a little , really a little horsdoeuvre a punch to the face . newline surely my ability to time travel must disprove god , but why does it feel as i m battling god himself ?  by this point , sebastian had known the time by the millisecond , he d known the distance in every system imaginable  yes , including that stupid metric system  . he d done it all : alerted the authorities in advance , closed off a lane , any road safety precaution you can name , he tried it . newline newline he drifted off into a memory of his original self , he no longer considered himself to be his actual self around the 35th copy . the setting was a wet , sharp hairpin turn with a flooded ditch  about 35 ft of water he estimated  and in it : a green minivan submerged with a little 8 year old girl strapped in by her seatbelt . he remembers seeing the little bubbles rise to the surface , he knew what is was , it was a child s last cry for god , that the parents always said he d be there for her .  the rains were unpredicted , yeah . but what was so urgent that they needed to speed through heavy rains into that corner ?  unfortunately his time traveling abilities were held back to only moments and places in time that he lived through , he could nt for as much as he wished , stop the family from going into the van . originally he felt it his fault  even though he had been driving carefully and distanced himself , had he not been there it would ve been an extra lane for space in the turn . after his first 12 attempts of him not being there he dismissed his blame , and for a while thought about quitting the rescue as it was this notsoguilty guilt that had haunted him so many nights .  no no no you bastard , you came here to save her not your conscious .  newline newline though he never knew the girl , he knew he just fucking knew that she had something great to live for . and this time he was more prepared than ever . he looked at his watch ,  3 minutes till .  he wondered if any drivers passing by found it odd that a guy was standing out in the rain , but he knew there were more crucial things on their minds  like getting home . it was a date , that he was originally on  he d gone to the movies with his girlfriend and watched infinitely polar bear , he kissed his girlfriend on her forehead and hugged her at the end , he was always a sap for the movies .  i hope she understands  he thought to himself as he took one last swig of his hot chocolate and had a quick thought of his grandmother  she always made the best hot chocolate  . in 35 seconds that green van was coming full speed ahead after rushing to beat that yellow light . he recognized the poor faded yellow headlights as soon as it turned the corner . his heart pulsed and his eyes grew , he knew all the variables  and as long as long as the van did nt hit him on the way down , he could save her . and all within 5 seconds , the tires screeched and battled the water , the minivan broke through the guardrail , and the loud splash the van made into the water .  i m alive in 41 different dimensions , she deserves to be alive in at least one of them  and he dove straight into the brown muddy waters like an olympic swimmer off their starting position . he was more than ever this time , to pay the ultimate price . there it is captain just a few naughts ahead .  newline  are you sure gwab we are in the right direction indeed , are nt we ?  newline the captain inquired with a concerned look . newline  come on juwela cheer up you know preston never makes a mistake .  newline newline  i do nt know gwab something dose nt feel right , the ocean out here feels weird .  newline newline  head over to the navigation room , make preston double check those coordinates  newline newline  on it captain .  newline newline gwab quickly departed towards the navigation room . newline newline the navigation room was a sight to behold.but really it was just a mess of things.it seemed that some one had dumped entire ships supplies inside a tiny cabinet.but it was filled with navigation charts maps and stuff . newline newline gwab entered the room quite cautiously making sure he would not crush any charts lying on the floor.he tried to look every where for preston but could nt find him just when he was about to shout his name out . preston emerged from a dark corridor of the room . newline newline  what is it you want gwab ?  newline newline  captains orders , he wants to make sure we are headed in the right direction .  newline newline  well how many times would i have to tell him that.i have checked this area hundreds of times this is it the only proof of life before the war this is it the best salvage job we were looking for .  newline newline  you do nt think i know that preston , but the captain seems anxious about this run .  newline  so he told me to check up the direction once again  newline newline a large air horn blew on board the entire ship . newline newline  see gwab we have arrived already.let see what s waiting for us today .  newline newline onboard the deck . newline newline  gwab preston looks like we are here .  newline newline  any details you want us to know before we prepare the jump preston .  newline newline  yep there are a few things you need go through with captain .  newline  from what i have found the city is right beneath us its 9 kilometers wide and you will find most salvage deep beneath so might wan na carry two tanks of oxygen .  newline newline  got it preston.gwab prepare the crew and meet me near the pier in 15 minutes .  newline newline captain gwab and two more crew members jumped into the chilling depths of the ocean while preston waited for them on the pier . newline newline 2 hours later newline newline captain emerged from the depths alone he cried out to preston to pull him up . newline newline  juwela what happend where is the fuckin crew ?  newline newline the look on captains face was of sheer dread.he worked heavily to chug down some air down his lungs before he could answer newline newline  preston start the ignition we leave now .  newline newline  but captain what happened to the crew .  newline newline  they took them ! they  newline  captain they what do you mean by they ?  newline newline  the dwellers of the city preston they took the crew .  newline newline  dwellers what do you mean by dwellers captain ?  newline newline  the city is alive preston . it s alive !  newline  we need to leave this place right now.burn all maps of this place even from your mind .  newline newline  lets leave now .  newline newline their ship quickly departed those dreaded waters never to return to that place ever again . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline  this is nt my favourite song , not by a long stretch , but my favourite songs are nt in english originally , so a story adapted from their lyrics would nt be recognised by any reasonable stretch . i ve picked a song that i feel is recognisable , and offers an interesting opportunity for interpretation .   newline newline woke up feeling dry this morning . like parchment , like a locust s husk left flimsily clinging to a stalk of withered grass , my lips rasped against each other . need a drink . got up from my cot , walked to the table where , just last night , i d sat with them  with him .  poured a cup , lifted it up to my parchment lips  to my paper throat , the wine soothed and renewed . newline newline  this is my blood , shed for you ,  he had said . newline newline tears began pouring from my eyes  so dry my lips , but so wet my eyes  and in a rage i smashed the cup on the table . shards of clay , sharper than i had expected , tore a hole in my skin . my wine mixed with his on the table and the tears flowed more freely . newline newline focus on the pain , i told myself . that s all that s real right now .  newline newline glanced over at my cot , and saw his linen shawl lying there on the edge . walked over and scooped it up , pressing the soft , thin fabric up against my cheek and nose . breathed in deeply  breathed him in . saw , underneath the shawl , the heavy bag  neck open , spilling silver . unbidden , the tears returned . newline newline what have i become ?  newline newline  my sweetest friend ,  i said aloud . my mind replayed the previous night over and over again , weeping for the things i had done . grabbed the broken cup , poured the wine into it again and again . tried to kill it all away . newline newline but i remember everything . newline newline he had gone into the garden to be alone  by then i had gone to claim the silver , drops of moonlight tinted wine red . but before ... before we had arrived for dinner , i had walked with him . talked with him like i always had . newline newline  you can not see it , my friend ,  he had spoken ,  but i already wear a crown of thorns upon my head . i know what will become of me , and i know how it will come about .  newline newline he had paused . newline newline  my dearest love  brother of my heart ,  he had started , before making a small choking sound . a knot was in my stomach as he continued ,  i can see what you will do .  newline newline  i love you too , my king of all kings ,  i had said back ,  but with these words you had best be sat upon a liar s chair !  i tried to laugh then , but the sound was dry .  fear not . tonight is a night for all of us to share .  newline newline we had gone in to dinner , which continued in fine spirits , with body and blood appearing as well . almost without me realising it , though , he had begun to speak of betrayal . i had been drinking , and when i looked up from a swallow of wine , all eyes were on me . newline newline  what ?  i had asked . newline newline  i said ,  he had said ,  that one of you will , this very night , betray me .  newline newline  rabbi ,  i had pleaded ,  surely you can not mean me ?  newline newline he had said nothing , but continued only to gaze at me with his eyes , the eyes more pure and beautiful than any mere man s eyes could be . under his gaze , i had broken like a clay wine cup . newline newline  you stay the hell away from me , you hear ? !  newline newline and i had run , my blood as cold as silver . my mind , full as it was of broken thoughts , i could not repair . newline newline from there , he had gone to the garden to be alone , as i said . i arrived sometime later with officials in tow . l could nt bear to see him , to see them take him  but that scum , that guttersnipe peter , had had the gall to say once , twice , a third time , that he did nt know our lord . that had made me angriest of all . newline newline i ran up to my king , to my rabbi , and embraced him one final time , pulling from his shoulders the linen shawl that hung there . newline newline  my lord ,  i had said , voice thick with wine and selfloathing ,  i am sorry . in my mind , you have passed beyond me  you are more than the wretched man i am  you are someone else , and i am stuck right here . i have let you down .  newline newline his eyes had looked deeper and darker than they ever had before . newline newline  even if all i ever owned was a barren kingdom , an empire of dirt , my friend ,  he had said to me , eyes fixed on mine .  i would still wish it all to you . know that you are wellloved .  newline newline and then he was gone . newline newline i had returned to my villa , the site of the supper , and drank myself to stupor . newline newline the broken cup fell from my hands at these thoughts . scheduled for today . unable to face the hill of skulls , i walked instead to the garden carrying his shawl . arrived at the tree where he had prayed . the breeze sifted through the garden , neither warm nor cold . deadfeeling . the temperature of old blood . touched my forehead against the tree . newline newline  if i could start again ...  newline newline looped the shawl over a branch of the tree , and tied it around my neck . newline newline i would find a way to send myself a million miles away . i had made him hurt , and now , today , i would too .they say it takes a village to write the perfect text . well , ok , no one says that but i found it would be very fitting right now . my buddy told me that i might be going a bit overboard  that perhaps it did nt take three days of pacing back and forth , it did nt take multiple essays written and rewritten and condensed , and it certainly did nt take hacking into the local library to do research because i was  too lazy to rent a book but not too lazy to hack into a library  to write a text message  but what did he know ? in my situation , anyone would have done the same thing . newline newline  listen , chris ,  he said .  maybe you should consider justgoing out and talking to her in person .  newline newline  excuse me ?  i replied , offended . first of all , talk to her ? in what world , in what universe , no , in what existence does one just talk to a girl first . in person , of all things . second of all , go outside ? it s like he did nt even know me . i was only out now because he practically begged me to visit .  ben , you know that lies deeply and squarely in the realm of fricking impossible .  newline newline we were hanging out in front of his house while he tried to do sick flips on his skateboard and i balanced the delicate weight of the world on a single text . as i scrolled up my draft , i took a drag of my ecig  which , by the way , is completely different from one of those crass vape pens . i was not vaping . i did not vape . newline newline  i know what you re thinking , bro . it s not different from vaping , you re totally vaping right now ,  ben said . newline newline  shut the hell up .  what the hell did he know ? i hated his stupid skating tricks and anyway , i had more pressing matters to attend to .  what if she does nt respond ? what am i supposed to do then ? just drop dead ? is there even any other option ? oh god , what if she does respond ? that opens up at least 50 potential timelines for things to go wrong , and then even more timelines branching off of that into an infinite tree of wro   newline newline  bro , chillax ! chris , my man , my main dude , you got ta learn to go with the flow . there s worse things out there than being rejectedlike cancer and , sad puppies , and  oh god , sad puppies with cancer  he started looking crestfallen . newline newline  ben , this is serious !  i yelled .  just because you ca nt rub together two brain cells to produce even an iota of understanding of the profundity of true love does nt mean the rest of us do nt slave over the maddening maiden of romance !  newline newline  woah man , harsh  he said . newline newline  sorry . this has just been weighing pretty heavy on my mind ,  i apologized . maybe i did need to chillax . newline newline  hey , it s cool bro ,  ben rubbed his arm selfconsciously .  we still on for dnd at your house this weekend ?  newline newline  oh , what ? yeah , of course ,  i said .  my mom s making spaghetti .  newline newline  ah , sweet ,  he said , walking over to me with his spirit invigorated again .  man , you re thinking too much again . amber is nice , if she s not interested then she ll let you down easy . so just send a text . just do it man , just do it !  newline newline i stared at my phone , finger hovering over the send button . could it really be that easy ? newline newline before i could do anything , a bright light flashed in front of me . i shot up at the noise , turning quickly toward the source . standing boldly in front of me was  well  me ? was i dreaming , was i hallucinating again from stress and too many energy drink fueled all nighters ? it must have been a mirage , or perhaps a  it was not a mirage , because i just slapped myself in the face . newline newline  what the hell ? !  i screamed at myself , cupping my cheek . newline newline  what do you mean what the hell ?  do nt what the hell  me , what the hell  yourself !   myself countered back at me .  and what about this text you sent , huh , buddy ?  i  he flashed his  my phone in my face .  i know i might not be the smartest person but at least i m smarter than past me .  newline newline oh god . newline newline  wait , what  are you seriously saying i traveled back in time because of a text message ?  i asked . newline newline  you know , actually that does sound like something you d do ,  ben said after getting over his initial shock . newline newline future me ignored him .  allow me to educate you , on just how much you messed up .  oh no , he was nt going to read it out loud , was he ?  chris : amber , it s difficult for me to recount how i feel about you but i hope this will be sufficient . how can i even describe you ? your hair cascades like rivulets of caramel , pooling sweetly on your soft shoulders . your eyes are your namesake , stars of amber resting on grassy knolls  hazel and beautiful . you lift my heart , my soul and  considering the muscles you ve been gaining from volleyball practice  you could probably lift my body . just looking at you makes me feel like a blessed man that had the fortune of watching an angel walk the earth . for you to know that i exist brings me honor   newline newline  ok , we get it !  i cut him off desperately . newline newline  dude  ben started , stunned . newline newline  listenyou do nt understand ,  i said , weak and defenseless .  anyway uh , did shedid she reply ?  newline newline future me just sighed .  amber : lol k  newline newline  fuuuu  i remember when i was 9 . that s when i first started making my own language . people made fun of me for doing it , but if there was one thing my mother always taught me is that ,  nobody s opinion matters but yourself and the people you care about , so do nt let anyone get to you .  newline newline so i did nt . i went all throughout elementary school , middle school and high school getting made fun of for talking to myself in my imaginary language . but i did nt let it get to me . ever . i knew that one day it could come to use . maybe i could use it for a short film or something , or maybe i will find a friend that wants to learn it so we can talk to each other . but i never expected it to be needed to this extreme . newline i m 32 now and i get a phone call from my mom , it s 3am . at first i panicked . she s 73 living alone in her house in the middle of no where . newline newline  hello ! hello ! mom , are you ok ? ! what s wrong ,  i said as i quickly answer the phone . newline newline  turn on the tv , channel 5 , quick ! hurry ,  she screams immediately after my response . newline newline phew , she s ok . i quickly turn the channel on to channel 5 . it s the 3am news . newline newline  did you do it ? did you do it ,  she says repeatedly until i respond . newline newline  yes mom . yes . what s this for ,  i say ready to just shut my eyes and fall back asleep . newline newline  just you wait , it ll be on again . it s the most important news in ever !  newline oh god , now i m worried as to what it is . what if a meteor is coming towards earth . or what if the third world war is about to happen ? newline newline  shh . shh . here it comes ,  she screams sounding like she s about to meet her favorite soap opera star . newline newline  good morning everyone , and welcome back to channel 5 3am news ! i m your host gabe newell and we have some breaking news tonight . nasa the national aeronautics and space administration has just released audio said to be from another galaxy billions of light years away . and we have it here for you guys to have a listen . janet , please play the audio .  newline what the hell ? i know what there saying . how is this even possible . this is my language , the language i made up ! i get up and scream of joy . newline  i told you to never let anyone get to you , good night ,  my mom says on the phone and hangs up . finally , me , the  nerdy  kid who made up his own language has finally found use for it . i can speak to an alien race . now it s time for me to go to reddit and reap all that karma and finally get gold ! newline newline i wrote this late and very tired on my phone , sorry for any spelling mistakes or anything of the sort cc welcomedthe action of my client does not violate any statement in raaii , and is therefore not subject to sanction , as granted by bhaiv s.2  c  .  newline newline her action constitutes the making of a metawish , the prohibition of which is strongly supported by numerous immutable laws . i am sure you are aware , my learned friend , of the reason for such laws to exist . the joseph case clearly demonstrates that the public cost for metawishes are unacceptably high regardless of the nature of their direct consequences .  newline newline the supposed insights gained from the joseph case is valid only in context  our system of public administration had significantly advanced since then , and there are now metawishes that can be processed without incidence .  newline newline i look down . terry is not doing well  the aura of the jury is in sync with the prosecution . newline newline there is a piece of dried leaf on the floor , so i stare at it , trying very hard to drown out my own thoughts so terry would nt get distracted by them . newline newline i did nt like school very much when i was growing up , and i still do nt . i mean , i get it  when everyone gets a free wish a year , the children need to be controlled , otherwise we have godzillas roaming about and candy castles everywhere . but that s pretty hard for those who actually need to take control of their own lives  sometimes you do nt need your mandatory endofschoolyear wish , you just need your stepfather gone , you need it to stop hurting . newline newline i guess i paid for skipping the last year of high school , though . that s when everyone graduated and got their standard privacy wish . normal people do nt see a beautiful aura around me like everyone else . they see my naked soul , and the rude ones reach in and prod at it . that s the price of being such a failure , my mother says . i just have to live with it . newline newline my client did not wish for wishes , or wish to undo , prevent , or modify wishes , or even ask about wishes . those are the kind of metawishing that causes problems to the structural integrity of the wishing system , and those are the sort of metawishes the amendments were meant to protect against .  newline newline he makes sense . that s a thing i really like about terry  he worked in wish administration for the longest time before becoming a barrister , but he managed to retain his common sense . newline newline any wish to not partake in wishing is strictly and explicitly forbidden by the amendments in question .  the other barrister spat , imagine the chaos that would ensue if someone had said :  i wish that this wish was not granted !   newline newline before terry could respond , the judge had slammed the hammer . newline newline terry turned to face me for the first time since we entered the courtroom . there is fear in his eyes  and sadness , and anger . i look down again . it hurts to see him like that . newline newline  to be continued ? samuel was only a kid . god  why did you have to make us bear the burden of my beloved brother s death ? in one universe  he s murdered at his 1st birthday . another  he s born with cancer . i could nt bear to see him always in this manner , and i wanted to save him any way possible ... until i saw what sammy would become . this version of him was something i never expected  something his cheery and bright personality never showed , but then again , he never got the chance to do it . a monster , no , a demon that was always in contact with his parallel others . a malignant , malviolent conjoined beast of dead babies . i saw my baby brother at the sternum , flesh rotting and covered in filth . another samuel , this one being born with a tumor that killed him a day before his 3rd birthday , had 3 eyes and a tongue like a snake . but the thing that scared me the most ? in this universe , the entire world is dead or dying , and sammy is the cause of it . experimental tests on himself transformed him into a monster that could kill and feed off the life of his alternate selves , which then began to slowly poison the world . my other brothers and sisters , dead because of him . fate is cruel , but i see no other way . i must become his vessel ...newline newline newline  shit man , could you believe those two fucking bozos back there ? who the fuck walks around dressed like them two dumbshits ?  newline newline newline his companion nodded sagely and shrugged , puffing his cigarette . newline newline newline  what the fuck are we gon na do now ?  the foulmouthed man asked , his voice tinged with exaggerated frustration . newline newline  this place is fucking bullshit . i ai nt seen no honeys worth seeing since we got here . fuck this . let s bounce .  without a moment s pause , the man strode down the street , a swagger in his steps as he went . his friend tossed his cigarette butt in the gutter and followed . newline newline newline they headed towards the local convenience store , one of their more frequent hangouts and a reliable source of business . as they approached , however , one of the clerks emerged and saw them approaching . newline newline newline  hey i thought i told you guys not to hang out here anymore . you bother the customers .  newline newline newline  hey fuck you , ya fuckin jerkoff . it s a free country , is nt that right ?  once again , his friend simply nodded at his words . newline newline  well if you guys decide to do anything illegal , like try to sell drugs to my customers , i ll call the cops .  newline newline newline  shit man , what the fuck did we ever do to you to make you bring the fucking cops into it ?  newline newline newline  i told you , man , you bother the customers . you guys are always hanging out here , selling drugs and listening to bad music . it s got ta stop .  newline newline newline  i know you did not just talk shit about the motherfucking time . you better shut your mouth or me and my tubby friend here will .  newline newline newline his companion crossed his arms and squinted at the clerk menacingly . the clerk sighed , defeated . newline newline  i do nt know how you hang out with this guy , bob . i really do nt .  newline newline newline bob just shrugged , and the clerk retreated into the store . newline newline newline  fuck yeah silent bob , we fucking showed that fucking jerkoff . snootchie bootchies ! i ve done a lot of stupid shit in my life , it comes with the territory really , in fact it s practically a job requirement . adventurer ! snassy job title , hard to profit from and it does nt look great on your cv but damn it if it was nt the best job i ve ever had . heh , nearly was the last job i ever had . newline newline i found the map in an pawn shop on 51st street . that s part of the job , trawling pawn shops . pawn shops , markets and garage sales that s where you find these things , nobody ever found hidden clues towards el dorado at walmart , target does nt have a treasure map section . newline newline anyway , found the map in a pawn shop on 51st , it was nt much , just a drawing showing an entrance to a cave deep in what resembled the rocky mountains along with some signs on it , i went to an expert offcourse , you always do , a buddy of mine from the university who likes partaking in adventures on his down time . apparently the damn thing was over five thousand years old , the writing closely resembled some early signs from dadiwan in the chinese gansu province . naturally it was impossible to truly translate as any record of their true meaning was long gone but similar later styles of writing from the region gave us a general idea , really the words  forbidden  ,  interfere  ,  beast  ,  you  and  tomato juice  should have given us a hint that something was up . i see you re confused , do nt worry about it i did nt get the tomato juice thing either , assumed it was just a bad translation . newline newline well , we ignored it , went straight to the rockies and started looking for that cave we did . took us 4 months combing over any area that resembled the map in the slightest , we turned every stone and looked everywhere . off course we found it when my friend the professor stumbled and fell face first to the ground and went straight past it into a cave opening , fell 6 feet and broke his collarbone . once i d gotten him of to the hospital i went straight back , grabbed my gear and walked into the cave . it was dark , i had filled my backpack with long lasting glow sticks , military grade ones that would last for 18 hours , i taped one to the wallevery 50 feet , sometimes closer if the cave turned so i would allways see the next one . most adventurers use long ropes , it works better for long time stays and it s much cheaper , not so good though if you need to get out fast , i found a very angry bear deep in a cave once and the resulting sprint convinced me of the superiority of the glowstick . when i d gotten a mile and a half in the cave started to heat up and expand a little , i thought i d hit gold when i saw glowing in front of me , then i realized it was a small creek of lava that went along the wall for a good 30 feet before dissappearing beneath it again . word of advice , unexpected lava is a sign that it s time to turn back . i walked on , stupid shit remember ? newline newline it was another mile before the heat really got stifling , it was becoming hard to breathe and i was seriously considering to turn back , then the cave expanded and turned into a huge cavern . it was an impressive sight , the roof was glowing with huge stalactites hanging down like lightbulbs , it must ve been a 200 feet up there and twice that between the walls . in the middle was a huge rock , i decided to climb it in order to get a proper view of the entire thing . i first thought the rock was just made from some weird type of stone i d never seen before , it was smooth and incredibly hard but sheeted with a gap between each sheet , easy to climb . i m my excitement i forgot to pay attention to my surroundings , i d gotten a good 10 feet in the air before i noticed that the rock was moving . it was nt moving a lot , just slightly up and down , up and down . i looked closer , there was a flat part in front of me , no rock sheets , when i touched it i noticed it was almost skin like , the skin like rock suddenly dissappeared upwards and was replaced by a huge glowing orange eye . as a sidenote , i do nt recommend falling 10 feet just to land on your ass , you will bruise it . newline newline while i was sitting on the floor of the cave , ass hurting , the entire rock i d been climbing decided to stand up and i realized it was nt a rock at all , it was reptilian , it was huge and it was breathing out smoke . it let out a huge firestorm that engulfed the roof , all the stalactites turned fiery red and the entire hall lit up , the creature turned its entire body , both of its eyes staring straight at me , i stared straight back , not out of courage but i had frozen up entirely , then it spoke .  humaaaaaan  it said , dragging the word out . its voice sounded hoarse , like it had nt been used in a long time , even so there was incredibly power in it as the voice rumbled and echoed through the cavern , it looked at me , a penetrating gaze that left me with no secrets , then it spoke again  why are you here ?  newline newline well , that s my second time writing something on this sub , please come with comments and if anyone wants the next part i ll write it up later .the movies were our saving grace . newline newline we knew what to do when the dead rose from their graves . we stockpiled silver when the werewolves emerged from the forests . our stakes are ever ready once the sun dips below the horizon . we blast the dragons from the skies with surfacetoair missiles . newline newline the world is in chaos  but he movies were our saving grace . at least  until those things started showing up . newline newline language was created and evolved to help describe the world around us . we created all sorts of words for the types of ailments and punishments and atrocities that could come before us . but we did nt have a word for this . we can only describe it with two words : newline newline floating ... burning . newline newline some say they came from the oil fields . others claim the came up from the sewers . these ... these blobs for lack of a better word  were enormous , shapeless entities that swarmed fields of soldiers and tanks and artillery  decimating everything in their paths . newline newline we tried shooting them ... newline newline we tried butchering them ... newline newline we tried to kill them with fire . newline newline unfortunately , they seemed to like the fire . no  they were nt  burning  before  but they were certainly burning after . always following . always floating . always burning . newline newline in october of 2085 we retreated to the sea . the land was of no use to us . you ca nt eat fields of burning wheat . i fully expect the last of us to be gone before the new year . the leviathans from the ultra deep have a nasty tendency to pop at least one of their heads in in the most inconvenient of times . newline newline god save us ...when we first glimpsed the outer realms , we envied . we saw their glistening gods , the scepters they carried , the weight of their blessings . on the planet andromeda , their gods walked among the people , curing the blind and sick and lame . they blotted out the pain and misery of the world . in exchange , the people built temples . the largest temple extends long into the sky , a staircase back to the heavens from which their lords came . the people worshipped daily , hourly , even , as the stings of their life grew in number and in severity . they waited , patiently , for a salvation they knew would come , if only they could be next . newline newline when the people from the other planets came to earth , they wondered if we were really animals after all . because if we were intelligent enough , surely some power would chose us , care for us , love us . newline newline in a galaxy full of planets , brimming with life and magic and wonder , earth was the only planet without a visible god , one that hummed in the ears of his subjects . we , the abandoned , looked to the heavens and felt the pangs of disappointment in what we did not find . some looked at the old books , the ones filled with myths and stories and hopes of our creator , and burned them . some moved to the other planets and set up their shrines , piled them high with gold and grain , and took the blessings in exchange . newline newline many moved to these other worlds . they constructed temple steps . they praised what they knew , the objective . some stayed behind . they picked up the old books , the promises of a creator long ago . they lived in doubt , under the cerulean blue skies , and did not build shrines . they did not sacrifice their food , their bodies , their breath as those on other planets did . they loved , and sometimes they prayed , unsure if it was ever really heard . newline newline they did this because they d chosen earth . earth , the only planet where their creator spoke whisper soft instead of shouting . newline newline newline newline i ... what.. ?  i stared the man in front of me . he stood there , a member of the politician caste , crisp and clean robe of grey trimmed with silver , smal light blue tassles decorating the hem . i was painfully aware of my builder caste clothing . newline newline the bright orange and neon yellow , diagonal stripes pattern that marked us as obvious and visible in all light levels , smeared with concrete dust and electrical burns . a full head helmet , titaniumiron alloy , covered my hair and the back of my head , meeting under my chin . the hinges in the top of the helmet pulled at my hair , the clasp digging into my throat . the visor was pushed up , as manners dictate . newline newline  you heard me , team leader anyakas . you are to take your team of builders and descend . the old ways , abandoned paths , tunnels and maintenance ways . you are to descend , down to the earthsoil layer .  newline newline  but ... but this is the earthvoid level , politician kyane ... it would take months to descend that far , and that s not counting the dangers we ll need to navigate ... why do we have to return to earthsoil , anyway ?  politician kyane sighed , before looking around . newline newline we were stood on a viewing level of earthvoid , immense borosilicate and silicon dioxide structures forged with the strength to resist the fatal pull of the void , to retain the atmosphere inside . outside , stars winked and shimmered , the red expanse of the nearby north american nebula , named by our groundbound ancestors . newline newline  you must return to earthsoil . the graviton pillars that support and suspend the levelsearthsky , earthcloud , earthvoid , and those being build even further outare malfunctioning . your team is the best , in terms of work , speed , efficiency and quality . you must descend to earthsoil and repair the pillars .  i stared at yhe politician , hands tingling within the vulvanised kevlar weave . i swallowed nervously . newline newline  we ... we have to repair the pillars ... but if they fail , then ...  politician kyane nodded slowly . newline newline  earthvoid shall be torn apart by gravitic distortions , while lower levels will crash to the earthsoil and burn ...  i hesitated , lookibg out the viewing window , before nodding . newline newline  alright , politician kyane . i ll organise my team and crew , we ll save the earthlevels . you can trust us .  i reached up , sliding my visor into place . at first , it was dark , before lights flickered into illumination . the view was tinted green , and repair quadrangles highlighted areas of stress in the surrounding floor and walls . i opened the communication channel , speaking into the mike . newline newline  builder team kappa delta , report to the voidgate between earthvoid and earthcloud . we have repairs to make .  i closed the channel as confirmations rang out , spotting my visor reflected in the viewing window . a solid black , fullface mask , with a skull painted over it and two tears falling from the right eye . each had a name inscribed in it , to remember those who were killed in service . i wo nt have a third tear added . newline newline  we ll get it done , politician . i swear . it  s the middle of summer and my ac unit has been doing a valiant job of keeping the house cool . but as the sun sets i like to give it a break from it  s labor . i also really enjoy the summer evening breeze . newline newline i  ve been working for the last six hours , nearly uninterrupted since lunch . it was time for a break . newline newline i saved my edits and got up from my desk , taking a moment to fully enjoy a nice full stretch . newline newline i started to make my way towards the kitchen to grab something refreshing to drink . i knew exactly what was in the fridge and was looking forward to cracking it open . newline newline i pass by the thermostat in the hallway and flip off the ac . newline newline having procured my beverage i headed to the window above the eatinkitchen table . it  s a small four chair arrangement where i consume most of my meals . the window is directly above it which lets in some great natural light in them morning . newline newline i lean over the table , balancing on one foot to give the window a little tug that will slide it up from the bottom , i feel some resistance and nearly spill my drink as i quickly put my hand on the table to brace myself . newline newline that  s strange . having done this very motion nearly every day since the beginning summer , this was quite unusual . i quickly looked up to make sure the window hadn  t been locked somehow . newline newline but the latch was free . i twisted it just to be sure , but it was clear of it  s latch . i put my drink down and tried again with a both hands and a bit more force . newline newline nothing . it wouldn  t budge . newline newline well , i guess i  ll have to get that taken care of tomorrow . i  ll go get some wd40 or whatever you put on stubborn windows to reduce the friction . but for tonight i  ll just count my loses and open another window . newline newline i move out to the living room and start towards the window above the couch . it  s a large window overlooking the front yard . it split into three panes , the center one immovable , but the other two have those little levers that when turned will move open the window outward . newline newline feeling a bit more cautions due to my experiences with the kitchen window i double check to make sure that the locks are firmly disengaged , then i try to turn the little lever . newline newline nothing ! what is going on here ? it seems to be stuck . i try a bit harder , and then a bit harder , starting to worry i might break the lever . newline newline i quickly move to the other side of the couch and try the the opposite window , but it  s the same thing ! in a moment of bad judgment i take my growing frustration out on the lever by giving a hard turn breaking the damn thing right off . newline newline is someone playing a prank on me ? with the lever still in my hand i briskly walk to the front door and flip the deadbolt open , i reach for the handle , give it a twist and pull . newline newline but nothing . my hand slipped from the doorknob and i fell away from the unmoving door . newline newline what the hell is going on here ? some strange atmospheric pressure system ? this doesn  t make any sense . newline newline i pull out my iphone to see if there is any news of anything , and find out if there are any remedies for window and doors being oddly stuck . newline newline as the phone unlocks i see the familiar alienblue reddit app refresh itself . i  m in the habit of leaving the last used app up on my phone . newline newline before i hitting the home button i notice the top story with over a million comments and counting . it reads : newline newline  help , my door is stuck , any tips to get it open ?  newline newline wow , that  s quite apropos , i think to myself tapping into it , hoping to find some quick tips on getting out of my house turned prison . newline newline unfortunately a quick scan through the comments starts to give me a sinking feeling . it  s just comment after comment of people in the same predicament . a lot of them had already tried all the standard solutions , including trying to break through windows . all to no avail . newline newline my hear starts to race .the van drove through the dark recesses of the forest and was alone . the 2 men had been driving for miles and had yet to see another car or even a house , no sign of civilization at all . a steady stream of oaks blocked so much that they might have passed by something and not even known it , but they doubted it . newline newline they did not know how much farther they had to go . all that was known of the tribe was rumor , and never from a direct source . for all they knew the tribe might not have even existed . they could not know it , but they were just passed the halfway point of the forest before they found them . newline newline the van quietly pulled to a stop , and turned off . a small group of people were crossing the road ahead . they were sparsely clothed , and the men in the van were embarrassed for them . the men opened the doors and stepped out . the tribesman had stopped and stood to watch . some of them were leaning on handmade wooden tools . newline newline the men approached .  hello .  newline newline  hi .  newline newline  are you the tribesman of the kal ?  newline newline the group looked at themselves .  duh .  newline newline  oh . i did nt expect you to be so wellspoken .  newline newline  we still have the internet you dumb ass . did you think that just because we have tools and live a simple life that we would be idiots ?  newline newline  er no , but  newline newline  but fucking what ? do you think that we do nt even know why you re here ?  newline newline  i mean , i guess i just assumed that  newline newline  well you know what they say about assuming .  newline newline  i guess i d  newline newline  you make ass .  newline newline  i got i  newline newline  out of you .  newline newline  ...  newline newline  ...  newline newline  so anyways we re her  newline newline  and me .  newline newline  ... are you done ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  so . why do you think that we re here ?  newline newline  obviously you re looking for us to deal with you re current over population problem . you re thinking that one of us might still possess a certain gene , and that we might help fix it .  newline newline  that is exactly right .  newline newline  yeah no shit . it s all anyone s talking about out there .  newline newline  so ... do you have anybody you d let us take ?  newline newline  you re not taking any of our citizens , but we have some ... less desirable tribesmen that we do nt care if you take . follow us .  newline newline  newline rperiapoapsis newline newline so you say you volunteer ?  newline newline  yeah , a way of giving back . i do nt really talk it up on my profile much because it would seem like i m trying too hard , but it s actually really interesting .  newline newline  sounds like you have a story .  newline newline  pass me the bread ? ... aw , damn , got some sauce on my sleeve .  newline newline  i ll forgive you . they have really good food here !  newline newline  i know , right ?  newline newline  volunteering .  newline newline  right . at the library . mostly i see a lot of senior citizens . now the other day , this one guy comes in . dressed weird . newline newline  weird ?  newline newline  you get older , your fashion tends to run towards the walmart sale rack . it shows . but this guy ? a robe .  newline newline  like a bathrobe ?  newline newline  like a judge s robe . black , floor length .  newline newline  that s weird .  newline newline  glad you agree   newline newline    can i get you another glass of wine ?   newline newline   yes , and one more ... ? yeah , and one more for her .  newline newline   very good .   newline newline  so yeah , black floor length robe . did nt ask him about it . as long as they re decent i do nt question it .  newline newline  did you figure out what his deal was ?  newline newline  it s funny . i ve been trying to figure it out . okay . first time he comes in , he s in that robe . he asks about what people are wearing quote these days .  newline newline  did he show up to court naked under that robe ?  newline newline  hah , maybe , maybe ! i take him to the magazine rack , help him pick out a few things . aarp , golf digest , gq . spends the afternoon .  newline newline  so he came back ?  newline newline  same time a week later  the librarian said that he had asked for me by name  and this time he s got a collared shirt tucked into khaki shorts , socks and sandals . if he was at an old folks home i would have lost him .  newline newline  he learned his lesson !  newline newline  he did . with gusto . now this time he asks about , uh how did he put it ? the plants and animals people keep inside .   newline newline  like , pets ?  newline newline  that s what i said , you mean pets and houseplants , that kind of thing .   newline newline  ... weird .  newline newline  so again , i take him to the section about pets and gardens and things . he asks me , what s easy ?   newline newline  he s never had a pet ?  newline newline  i ll get there . so we go through a few things . cats , dogs , he says too much too soon . lizards , reptiles ? not his thing . finally he found a book on birds , little ones .  newline newline  not parrots .  newline newline  no , he wanted it to be easy . he said that he was going to go get a couple of finches and maybe an aloe plant .  newline newline  that sounds easy .  newline newline  now the weird thing , weirder than the robe , is what he said on his way out .  newline newline  oh ?  newline newline  i ve never kept anything alive before .   newline newline  what the hell does that mean ?  newline newline  i do nt know . weird , is nt it ?  newline newline  has he been back ?  newline newline  not yet , but that was only two weeks ago .  newline newline  that kind of creeps me out , honestly .  newline newline   would either of you like dessert ?   newline newline  i hear the tiramisu is great here .  newline newline  a tiramisu to share , please .  newline newline   coming right up .   newline newline  maybe not as weird as your weird guy , but what do you think about that thing last month ?  newline newline  how no one died for 24 hours ? figuring when you d ask my opinion about that .  newline newline  like you said , you do nt want to seem too cliche .  newline newline  i consider it a valid topic of conversation . i mean , it s huge , never happened before in the world , who knows if it ll happen again .  newline newline  all i know is that it seems like the reaper took a holiday ...  newline newline  or maybe someone else had to take over ! like he decided to quit and so hades had to find someone new ...  the fuck does that mean ?  tom asked . newline newline  you know the dragons from arthurian legends and shit ?  tom nodded .  yeah i m one of those .  newline newline eric sat on the easy chair with one leg draped over the armrest , casual as ever . newline newline  you know one of my ancestors actually knew him .  newline newline  knew who ?  newline newline  king arthur .  newline newline tom waited for eric s face to crack and the joke to end . it did nt . newline newline  okay , say i believe you . why do nt you look like a dragon ?  newline newline  well i ca nt look like a dragon all the time  i d barely fit in the house .  newline newline tom waited . newline newline  plus , we dragons are magical beings , so we can make ourselves look human .  eric started twiddling his thumbs . newline newline  okay , then why do nt you ever to dragon stuff ?  tom asked . newline newline  what exactly is dragon stuff ?   newline newline  i do nt know . burning down villages , kidnapping virgins , sitting on mountains of gold . you know , shit dragons do .  newline newline  alright , 1 : that s racist . and 2 : i do nt burn down villages  my game may suck by i do nt resort to kidnapping  and i m an engineering major so give it some time for the gold .  eric looked a bit upset .  i do nt know why you re being a dick about this .  newline newline  oh i m sorry . my best friend tells me he s a fucking dragon and i m supposed to be supportive .  newline newline  yes ! it took a lot of courage to come out to you like this . the only other people who know are my family and a newline few other dragons . you re the first human i told .  newline newline  you re fucking serious about this dragon shit , are nt you ?  newline newline eric nodded . newline newline  okay , prove it . prove you re a fucking dragon .  newline newline eric narrowed his eyes and got up from the chair .  fine , i ll show you i m a fucking dragon .  he stalked off into the newline kitchen and came back with a wooden spoon . newline newline  you want some dragon shit ? here s some dragon shit .  newline newline eric held the spoon in front of him , took in a deep breath , and let it out . from his mouth came a flurry of blue fire , engulfing the spoon . after a moment the fire subsided and all that was left was a charred stump . newline newline tom had jumped back at the fire , and was now splayed on the ground . newline newline  dude , what the fuck . why are you starting fires in my house ! ?  newline newline  you said prove it , i proved it .  newline newline  that does nt prove your a dragon !  tom said , not quite sure what he saw . newline newline  okay fine , mr. yourenotadragon . watch this .  newline newline eric grabbed tom off of the floor and dragged him outside into the street . tom s house was at the end of his block , away from prying eyes . newline newline  watch this .  eric walked into the middle of the street , and looked around . he planted his feet , closed his eyes , and took another deep breath . in a flash of light , a huge , lizardlike creature stood in his place , covered in black scales . tom s mouth hung open . newline newline  holy shit , you re a dragon .  newline newline the huge dragon head nodded , smoke coming from it s nostrils . newline newline  fuck you , that s what i said .  the dragon yelled out , in eric s voice . in another flash of light , the dragon was gone and eric was in the street , stark naked . newline newline  where s your clothes ?  tom asked , stunned . newline newline  ripped up when i did that shit . another reason i do nt like doing that . now do you believe me ?  tom nodded . newline newline  alright , now we can get past this .  eric walked back into the house . tom followed . newline newline  now what ?  newline newline  now , nothing . we do this ,  eric said , planting himself back in the easy chair and turning on the television . newline newline  but dude , you re a dragon .  newline newline  yeah , and you re black .  newline newline  what does that have to do with anything ?  newline newline  you re the one bringing up the race thing .  newline newline tom let out a sigh and sat down onto the couch . together they watched an episode of dexter .  newline welp , we re screwed  was essentially the reaction of every country . all except a large landmass known as  america  . unfortunately , we are required to stamp out any country that refuses .  after refusing to comply , we have forcefully taken control of the entire untied states military  i said , unsure of the outcome .  good job , general ja .  suddenly , a message appeared .  this is bankimoon of earth , we accept your offer , in exchange for technology and aid against other alien menaces   well fuck this  i said , launching the missiles towards the blue rock .  supreme commander , sir .  i said to the screen above my head  you fucked up , jan , you fucked up    the collector  newline newline  lovely day , is nt it ?  newline newline  yes it is , joanne ,  i said without looking back at her , as i sat on the park bench during a day that was cloudy without managing to be gloomy . i stared out at the park , watching the cold , rushing wind blast the long , uncut grass back like so many strands of green hair . out of habit , i reached to my side and into my alreadyopen backpack , and took out a sketchbook and a piece of charcoal . newline newline  you remembered !  she said , and through her voice , i could hear her face light up . newline newline  i always do .  newline newline i felt her step closer to me and lean over my head . her long , black hair dangled downward , brushing against my scalp , as she reached down and took hold of my hands with her own . gently , she guided my left hand , still holding the charcoal , along the paper , drawing intricate patterns  transferring them from the fabric of her mind to the fabric of my sketchbook , with me as her instrument  and within minutes , those patterns , variously geometric , tribal , and something in between , resolved themselves into human forms that were at once brilliantly stylized and uncanny in their realism . newline newline these meetings were the only times i ever got to create . pleasant as it was , it could never offset the destruction that weighed so heavily on my mind that it altered my very posture . newline newline  there ,  she breathed into my ear .  finished .  newline newline  it s beautiful . you re a good artist .  newline newline  i could nt have done it without you , warrick .  newline newline  why are you here ?  newline newline  where else would i be ?  newline newline  in the background , floating in and out of my head . watching from the sidelines .  newline newline  maybe i m tired of watching you . maybe i want to watch with you .  newline newline  maybe .  newline newline i looked up from the sketchbook and stared back out at the park . i heard the sounds of birds chirping , kids playing , and joanne walking around the bench . i felt the cool breeze blow through my long hair , and the warm sunlight shine down on my face , and joanne s pant leg brush against mine as she sat next to me . i looked out at a tree still missing its leaves after shedding them last winter , and watched as a bird carefully constructed a nest of twigs and dead blades of grass . newline newline  you plan on ending it ,  joanne said to me . i was surprised by the lack of fear in her voice . newline newline  i do .  newline newline  if you do that , we ll be gone .  newline newline  you re already gone .  newline newline  we re gone from the world , but we re not gone .  we still exist .  newline newline  you re figments of my imagination .  newline newline  can an entire mind be a figment ?  newline newline i did nt answer . i kept staring at the park , watching as kids kicked a soccer ball back and forth across a large patch of mulch . one of them kicked the ball too hard , and it smacked a small girl right in the face . she fell to her knees and began to cry , but it was not entirely out of pain . i could sense that there was something else that had been weighing on her mind  something she had been keeping inside  and in my gut , i knew i would have more work to do soon ... but the sight was soon eclipsed by joanne s face , as she leaned in front of me and forced me to confront her . newline newline  how do you think sara will feel about this ?  she asked , and there , at last , was the fear . newline newline to my right , i heard a voice ask ,  someone say my name ?  i turned to the tree i had been gazing at earlier , and saw sara step out from behind it . she certainly had nt been standing behind it earlier . even from a distance , and at an oblique angle , she saw something in joanne s face , and hastily stepped over to us , taking a seat next to me . newline newline  warrick plans on ending it ,  joanne told her . newline newline  what ?  sara asked , shocked .  why ? he s been ... he saved us !  newline newline  i m not a savior ,  i told her , my voice remaining level .  i m a collector . i have a type .  newline newline their silence could have filled endless tomes with the most meaningful blank pages in the history of literature . the three of us sat there , listening to nothing but the rush of the wind through grass and barren branches , and the alternating laughter and howling of children , and the whispers , at once soothing and concerned , of their parents as they attended to playtime injuries . we sat there in silence , joanne fidgeting and twirling her hair around her finger out of unnoticed habit , and sara slowly and absentmindedly rubbing the side of one bare foot against the top of the other  her newest tell  and in that silence , more was said between us than in our entire history of voiced conversation . newline newline a hint of disgust crept into my tone as i broke the silence : newline newline  your souls are among the few i did nt throw in the dustbin . when you first passed , i did nt know you . i did nt care about you . i liked the way you looked . that was all .  newline newline sara reached over and gingerly grasped my left hand in hers . she turned my palm face up , and ran fingers from one hand along the folds in my skin , while using another hand to estimate lengths , comparing my palm to my fingers . newline newline amused , i asked ,  are you trying to palmread death ?  newline newline still grabbing and groping at my hand , she looked up and into my eyes , letting her thousandyard stare meet my conscious gaze , before speaking with the voice of a woman deep in thought and concentration and not entirely aware of her surroundings .  you did nt care at first , but you do now . you try to deny it , and hide it , and cast yourself as something worse than you are ... but i can see it . in life , i saw many things .  newline newline  you did nt see your death .  newline newline  no ,  she said , unfazed ,  but i see death now . i see that he s a loner .  newline newline  no point starting something when you know how it ends .  newline newline  you started a friendship with me , with joanne .  newline newline  i do nt like seeing beauty go to waste .  newline newline  it ll go to waste if you end it , warrick .  newline newline she was right . i may have picked them for their looks , but i quickly came to admire them for who they were . joanne , the devoted artist who did nt let death stop her  on the contrary , she used death to continue her work . sara , the reader who believed in everything and nothing , falling for her own psychic lies even as she remained aware of them , and all the while supplementing them with deadon intuition . both of them fiercely independent even as i tethered them to me , and both of them capable of surprising me with their resolve and their insight . newline newline  you do nt like seeing beauty go to waste ,  sara said to me . newline newline  i do nt .  newline newline  so why not go to the roof of the building directly behind you , to meet a beautiful woman ? she s heading up the stairs as we speak ... i know this is a little bit delayed , but i ve spent quite a while working on this story . it really inspired me . newline newline part one newline   newline deep up the mountains , the sheriff of buncombe county drove . his name was sly redmont , at least that s what everyone called him . as he drove , the sound of the radio became fuzzy and more difficult to hear until it cut to static altogether . sly was too preoccupied to notice and let the white noise seamlessly sink into rhythm with his thoughts . he nervously puffed on a cigarette , the smoke trailing out the cracked window into the crisp mountain air . newline newline ten miles up the switchbacks and steep inclines of the smoky mountains was a small cabin where sly s brother , lincoln , lived . lincoln sat at the wooden table he had carved himself , with the help of an old cherokee man . lincoln s wife was walking around the cabin , going through the various tasks wives often do when preparing to leave for the day . newline newline  i just do nt ,  she huffed , wiggling her feet into her boots ,  see why you need me to go to the city and pick up more supplies . i thought you had gotten everything for your camping trip on your drive downtown last weekend !  lincoln looked at his watch and stood up , glancing out the window at his long driveway . he lit a cigarette , earning an immediate sigh from his wife . born and raised in this town , her southern accent seemed to permeate even this voiceless expression . newline newline  i wish you would nt do that ,  she mumbled as she wrapped a scarf around her neck . lincoln watched her with caring eyes , managing a small , brief smile . distant pattering of feet could be heard nearing the back door . two boys burst through the screen , loudly arguing about who stepped on whose toes . newline newline  daddy !  stomped the younger boy ,  it s not fair !  and both boys began to talk over each other , competing to have their side of the story heard . lincoln picked up the younger son and hushed them both gently . newline newline  boys , did you just walk in the house , right past your mama , and not give her a kiss ?  lincoln winked at his older son as his wife put her hands on her hips and raised her eyebrows . lincoln set his young boy down and gave him a light kick in the pants . both sons gave each other a final , quiet shove and the argument was over . lincoln looked at his watch again . his wife noticed . newline newline  alright , we better get going , boys ,  she said .  your daddy has things to do , and does nt need us around to bother him !  lincoln did nt mean to come across rudely . he could tell she was a little offended , so he walked over and placed his hands on her shoulders . newline newline  i love you , may ,  he said softly , and kissed her . a chorus of  ew !  s came from the boys , but the way his wife smiled and rolled her eyes excused it . after herding the boys out the door and into the old blue truck , lincoln s wife called for her sons to wave at daddy . they waved obnoxiously and lincoln stood at the door watching until the truck was out of site . newline newline sly drove closer up the mountain to lincoln s cabin . with each familiar landmark , he grew more nervous . his mind was running back to the previous afternoon , when he found out what lincoln did and subsequently what had to happen next . he was in the office , laughing about his deputy s deer hunting story when his old friend , moe jackman from the asheville police department , walked pale faced into the room . newline newline  sly ,  he said ,  we need to talk.  both men retreated to sly s office where moe shut the door and drew the blinds . newline newline  what is it , what s the matter ? good lord , you look whiter n a birch tree . have some water.  sly handed him a cup , which moe took . he began pacing the floor , then stopped and sat down , inviting sly to do the same . when both men were sitting , moe leaned forward and asked if sly remembered the murder a while back when that man s body turned up along the parkway with a single bullet hole between the eyes . newline newline  the glady fork case . of course i remember , on account of how it scared more n a few tourists ,  sly chuckled . he stopped when moe s face drew tighter into a frown . sly cleared his throat . newline newline  i ve been looking at the files , and i ve triple checked , sly , i ve checked a million times ...  moe trailed off , looking intently at his friend . newline newline  well , come on ! spit it out , now !  sly grew impatient , eager to hear what upset his former partner so much . newline newline  i say i ve triple checked the results , sly , butwell , see for yourself.  he put the files he was holding onto the desk and pushed them towards sly . sly opened them and began to read . after a moment , he looked up with a shocked look on his face . newline newline  i did nt want it to be true , old friend ,  continued moe quietly . these words would haunt sly throughout the night , as he researched the case and did everything he could to prove to himself that his brother was innocent  but no , all evidence pointed to lincoln . moe had the courtesy to tell sly so he could bring him in quietly . newline newline now sly was on that very path , driving up a road that seemed long on regular days , but like a crosscountry trip this time . he had called lincoln at 6 am this morning , to tell him they needed to talk . lincoln had given a one word reply after a long pause . he must have sensed the dread in sly  s voice . sly thought of may and the boys and how they would react upon finding out that their father was a murderer . newline newline honks of a car brought sly out of his trance . he was stopped at a stop sign . looking around , it wasn  t hard to spot where the honks were coming from , as there was only one other car on the road . cattycorner to sly was an old blue truck , with hands waving furiously out the window . it took sly a while to realize who it was . when he did , his heart sank and his eyes grew wide . may had gotten out of her truck , still running with the hazards on , and ran across the backwoods intersection to sly  s window . sly suddenly realized his cigarette had been puffed to oblivion . he quickly put it in his ashtray and rolled down his window , taking care to hide his nervousness with a big smile . newline newline  sly ! if it ain  t !  may took a couple breaths as she came up to the window . newline newline  well , how you doin  , ms. may ?  the genuine tone of sly  s voice surprised himself . newline newline  how funny to see you here ! didn  t you hear me honking at you like a maniac ?  she smiled and pinched his arm that was resting against the window space . sly started to stumble over an excuse , but may interrupted . newline newline  good lord , your car looks a mess . and why do you still have that radio going ?  her words brought sly  s attention to the static playing in his car . he hurried to turn it off and grinned out an excuse . she asked where he was going and he replied that it was just a short trip to visit lincoln . may was surprised that lincoln didn  t mention it , but that must be why he pushed them out of the house . newline newline  he  s always had such a soft spot for his little brother !  she winked and pinched his arm again . sly let out a nervous laugh . the boys , still in the truck , began calling out the window . there was a polite  hi uncle sly  before howls for their mama to come back overtook the quiet mountain morning . may rolled her eyes , wished sly a  see you later  after asking about his wife , and ran back to her car . as she pulled away , she honked a couple more times and all three waved . newline newline sly ran his hand over his face and let out a sigh of relief . he drove on . five more minutes and he reached the driveway to lincoln  s property . he paused a little longer than normal before turning in . newline newline lincoln watched from his window as the telltale dust came up from between the trees , telling of a car on the dirt driveway leading to the garage . he checked his watch again . 6:47 am , and about the time he was expecting sly . the phone call this morning has surprised him . he wasn  t sure what sly was coming to talk about , but he had a feeling he didn  t like . he tried to tell himself there was no way sly would know  but then again , if anyone did know , it was sly . newline newline lincoln seated himself . he pulled his pistol out of his holster , took out the clip , checked the chamber for any rounds , and placed it on the table . he could hear the tires bouncing against the gravel slowing to a stop . without looking up from the table , he heard a car door open and shut . newline newline newline     newline newline see reply to this for the rest .that was always his fucking excuse . always feigning fucking ignorance . i really wonder whether the douche ever listened to me . ah well , ca nt really complain . i love him all the same . i married him full well knowing that this was what i was signing up for . newline newline brian always had a crazy streak . when he told me on our honeymoon that he had a confession i was as worried as any newly married lady would be . confessions usually are made either before the proposal or a few years into marriage once it s too late to really do anything about it . so when he  confessed his superpower  i burst out laughing . typical weirdo , this boy was . newline newline can magically leave post it notes where ever he wants . yeah , right . newline newline and then the next week our house was flooded it sticky notes . he made a living breathing mummy out of me once . just . for . kicks . newline newline and then once the plumbing burst . did he bother buying the cement ? nope . enough sticky notes that they formed a dense cluster under the sink . so many of them wet and dripping and stuck together that it did nt matter whether they were initially made of paper or not . the glue from each of them had condensed into a tight , little resin and not a single drop of water was able to find its way through since . newline newline on this particular evening it was his turn to cook dinner for me . all fridays were . but he thought i would nt be in town so he d go out for a steak with his friends . his damn cell phone was always turned off , so i called up steve and asked him to let brian know . friday s were supposed to be our special day of the week together . newline newline steve had either forgotten to tell brian in time or brian had overlooked the fact or he was simply using the oldest trick in the book to get out of spending time with his wife . newline newline nothing else was required as an excuse these days .  i did nt know  were the new three magic words . newline newline hey , did you see that ladies dress ealier ? the one with theittle flower design ? it was so cute . im going to ask her , next time , where she got it .  carol said to sally . newline newline  i know right ! i have shoes that will match perfectly .  newline newline  hey guys ? do you know how long were supposed to hide under here ?  mark said . newline newline  oh my god ! i know exactly what shoes youre talking about ! those blue ones right ?  newline newline  no , but i love those ones too ! im talking about the pink heels .  newline newline  im just really not sure if this is actually a manager or not .  mark said again . newline newline  the ones you got from frilly s  right ? i cant wear heels .  newline newline  oh , why not ?  newline newline  im pretty sure this guys just robbing us .  said mark . newline newline  lets just say my feet and heels are just totally not friends .  newline newline  i know exactly what you mean . oh ! are you a franky still dating ?  newline newline  why ?  newline newline  just wondering . i know you guys have been going through a lot lately . he just seems like a nice guy .  newline newline  well , yeah of course were still together . we love each other .  newline newline  oh well , i didnt mean anything by it , i just  newline newline  wan na fuck him like you fucked richard ?  newline newline  that was a total accident !  newline newline  how do you accidently drop your vagina down on someone !  newline newline  hey , excuse me ? i know this may sound strange , but are you robbing us right now ? its just that , you told us all to hide and that you were a manager and all but all youve been doing is putting our money into a trash bag . also , the fact that youret wearing a ski mask . i just dont want to assume anything that may get me into trouble you know ?  said mark to the bank robber . newline newline  yeah , no , this is to keep flies out of my face .  said the robber . newline newline  oh okay , just making sure . uh , do you know how much longer were supposed to stay hidden its just , i was technically supposed to be off at 3 so  said mark . newline newline  yeah , actually , i think im uhh , all done so yeah . coast is clear everyone . no bats to be found . seems to be all clear . back to work and uh ... good job everyone , really . i appreciate the hard work and uh , yeah . thank you .  the robber said as he walked out the door . newline newline  what a sweet guy .  said carol . newline newline  i know right ?  said sally . newline newline and they all lived happily ever after . newline newline the end .the sun frowns upon me . sweat trickles from my brow , curving over my eyelid , and i blink before it can leave a sting . everything aches , every muscle , joint , and bone . even my eyes ache , but i ca nt rub them  my whole body is caked with mud . i hunch over and thrust my shovel forward : all these distractions are more incentive to get the job done quicker . newline newline my life could ve been worse . names like plaguebringer , psychoslasher , or murderface would have all landed me in a 6 by 8 with a barred window and a straw mattress . at least the scrutiny i receive is positive , albeit still unwelcome . with my name comes a wealth of unmanageable expectations . earthshakersounds mighty and heroic , huh ? i used to flaunt it around in high school , until people started using it against me . newline newline  hey , earthshaker , how d you get a c on that quiz ?  newline newline  how can the mighty earthshaker be a benchwarmer on the jv team ?  newline newline  wow , earthshaker is nt even going to college ?  newline newline they had it made , the charmers , the tigers , the docs , with their ambiguously positive nicknames . they whispered about how ironic it was for the earthshaker to be shook up so often , jeered at me while i ate lunch at the corner table with catstabber and the chicken . at times , i fantasized about living up to my name in the worst of ways and bringing down the entire school on them . but dream as i might , my latent seismic powers never manifested . at the time , it seemed that my nickname was destined to be metaphorical . newline newline the worst part of high school were the teachers , though . they loved me and my nickname , cooing over my potential like every teacher does , except it was nt just a courtesy in my casethey actually believed in its implied power . mr.  sage  clarkson always told me that i d grow up to do great things . he told me over and over again , every time we passed each other in the hallways , even as he handed back my senior exam , with a small red  d  inked in the corner . i knew from his unwavering voice that he meant it every time , even if he was deluding himself . newline newline after i graduated , i kept in touch with nobody , and i never returned to the school , not even after realizing the meaning behind my nickname . my teachers would be disappointed , and my peers validated . the thought infuriates me at times , but overall , i m happy living with the weight of their expectations off my back . newline newline the final chunk of dirt flies out of the ditch . i clamber out , lean against a column of piping , and extricate my hands from my gloves . at last , i can wipe the tiredness from my eyes and quench the thirst in my mouth . i lift my gloves up and air them out , shaking the earth from between the fingertips . excuse me , maam .  newline newline lena looks up . she s on a dock . it looks like the sun is almost setting . the water is dark and still . the man on the rowboat  actually it s more of a canoe , or maybe like a gondola ?  is wearing flannel , denim , leather work boots . his eyes are wide . newline newline  maam ,  he says . newline newline  yes ?  lena says . she takes a step back . newline newline  are you ready to go ?  newline newline he gestures to his boatthing . lena s eyes go as wide as his . newline newline  what ?  she says .  go where ?  newline newline  down the river .  newline newline she brings her hands close to her chest .  why ?  newline newline the man in the boat shakes his head .  because that s just what happens .  newline newline they stand . looking at each other . eyes wide . watching . newline newline lena takes a step back . the man in the boat is no longer in the boat . he brings his oar out of the water . holding it like a baseball bat . newline newline  you do nt really get a choice here .  newline newline lena bows her head . the tears she wants to fall wo nt . she walks up to the boat , and steps in . she sits on the bench . newline newline the man sits across from her , but she wo nt meet his eyes . newline newline  maam , i know this might sound strange , but ... do you have any change ?  newline newline she looks at him now .  beg pardon ?  newline newline  it s customary to tip .  newline newline  is it ? it s customary to tip the scary man with the boat ?  newline newline  that is the custom .  newline newline lena sighs , and reaches for her purse . she ca nt find it . looking back to the shore , she sees nothing . she looks down at her feet . newline newline  my purse must have come loose when i got hit  she stops short . remebers . flashing lights . men in masks . screaming . it hurts . newline newline she looks down again . the tears come this time . newline newline  i take it that s a no . all right then . i do nt like making exceptions , though .  the man grabs the oar , and pushes them off . the boat barely breaks the surface of the water . newline newline lena is sobbing into her hands . newline newline  what you ve got to remember right now , is that all this is temporary .  he sniffs the air , makes a small correction with the oar . newline newline  what ?  lena says . newline newline  it s temporary . this . life . everything . temporary .  he s looking out , at something lena ca nt see yet . newline newline  i m dead .  saying it hurts less than she thought it would , but it still hurts . another sob shakes her . newline newline  i would nt worry about that , i were you .  the man dips his oar in , barely making a splash . cmon , cmon you damn wookie !  , maz called as the klaxons blaring sounded all around her ,  we need to get out of here before the rest of those storm troopers get here !  newline newline triflor howled back at her and finished packing the bags with all of the synth crystals they had been attempting to unload , and hefted his caster . newline newline together they bounded out of their apartment and into the throngs of beings crowding through the hall ways of cloud city in a mad rush . newline newline lando had activated the panic alarm and it was every man , woman , and being for themselves . the docking bays were on full unlock and every ship that could get away was desperately trying to as a cloud of swarming tieinterceptors burst through the outer cloud layers and descended at full speed towards the station . newline newline  i cant believe we picked today of all days to try meeting up with syga !  maz said , glancing over her shoulder to see if any imperials were on their tail . newline newline but oddly , they didnt appear to be . no one seemed to be paying them much attention , even the tie s were letting the swarms of outbound ships through with out a scan or a shot . newline newline strange , maz thought . she knew lando had been living precariously with his outright gas smuggling and underreporting , but she didnt think it would ve warranted such a response from the empire this far out . perhaps he had finally began supplying the rebels and word had gotten around . newline newline either way , she didnt want to be here when the poodoo fully hit the fan . and not with the treasure of synth crystals she was carrying . newline newline she depressed the two buttons on her wrist com that would activate and fire up the raz matra sitting in dock 4 , and grunted with small relief when it appeared to respond nominally and give a code green startup reply . newline newline they ran past a carbonite loading dock and saw a crowd of muerloks preparing a number of systems , as if they had all the time in the world and hadnt heard the 4 alarm evacuation signal going off around them . newline newline even odder , maz thought , but just as she did the interior door opened and a squadron of white shelled troopers stepped through and began speaking hurriedly to the creatures as they worked . newline maz elbowed triflor who had also slowed a step to see this , and they both kicked it into overdrive and bounded the last 50 yards to the ship docks . newline newline far behind them her keen ears picked out the sound of blaster fire , and she hoped that it wasnt too late , or intended for them . newline newline they skidded to a halt before the bay door and she quickly keyed in the passcode for their dock . they door slid open wordlessly and they bounced through before security could change it s mind . newline newline ahead matra sat in all of it s rugged glory , humming silently as it s pulse engines cycled in warmup , circulating cooling fluid through the manifolds . she touched another button on her wrist and the docking doors opened allowing the ramp to slide quietly out , touching the metal floor even as their feet stepped onto it at a dead run . newline newline as soon as they were in the cargo bay , she yelled  get the nav online and find us a jump back to jakkar . no one will bother to look for us there and we can lie low and figure out what the hez this is all about !  newline newline triflor bellowed an acknowledgement and headed towards the bridge while maz dived down the alley into the lower turret mount . just to be safe . newline newline less than a minute later she felt the ship shudder and lift off , and looked through the transperisteel at the open bay doors in front of them , praying silently to the force that they wouldnt decide to suddenly close on them when they were so close . she had no love for the empire , and even less trust , and would not put it past lord vader to draw the noose tight right when they were in it , and she was sure it was his dark aura she had felt earlier passing through the hallways ... newline newline that shouldve been my first clue , she thought absently to herself , and then the acceleration pressed her against the gunner seat . newline newline they swept out the bay doors in a surge of plasma blasts and she had a moment to look back and think to herself  is that an xwing ? ?  as she spotted a lone ship sitting on a platform . newline newline  grrrhwwwl ! !  , came triflor s voice through the intercom , and it could only mean one thing , imperial ships directly ahead . newline newline  by the force !  , she cried , and after he howled again she replied ,  i dont know , do an evasive run , and let s turn around ! we certainly cant just try to blast through them , you furry beast !  newline newline the com crackled with some frustrated reply and she felt the momentum suddenly change as the ship flipped back 180 degrees upside down . through her turret canopy she had just a brief glimpse of a whole battalions worth of imperial transports coming through the skies out of orbit . newline newline  oh lando  , she thought ,  what have you gotten yourself into !  newline newline then the ship spun on an axis and they were flying directly back at the base they had just so hurriedly escaped , against the outflowing traffic that either didnt have the sensor capacity the raz had , or didnt know what to do when stuck between a rancor and a hard place . newline newline newline newline  contd  newline newline newline newline back again ?  mike asked . mike was a big burly italian man with slick black hair , a scar on the right side of his face and tattoo s covering both of his arms . he was also the bartender of the local bar i now visited daily . newline newline  yeah mike , back again . only now as a 47 year old bachelor .  i responded .  jeez chris , it was finalized today ?  , i nodded .  not only was it finalized , but she got full custody of katie and cody and she s going to move back to california where her family is ... they leave on saturday .  newline newline mike poured me the usual , and we shot the shit til it was last call at which point i walked home to my new apartment and knocked out on the couch . i woke up 10 hours later at 2:00 pm , i had already missed 5 hours of work and said to myself  fuck it , whats another day off .  it was my second day out of the office this week . i made my self some coffee , black , and sat down on the couch . i began running the situation through my head over and over again wondering what i could have done to avoid this , of course being faithful was high on my list . after finishing my coffee i got showered , dressed  headed to the bar . what else was i going to do ? i walked in , mike asked how i was holding up , i lied . we talked for a couple hours then i went home early . newline newline the next day i woke up on time , made my coffee , showered and actually headed to work this time . it was nt long before i was called to my bosses office .  look chris , i know you re going through a rough time at home , but for the past several months your work has been slacking , your attendance is minimal and when you are in the smell of booze is on your breath . i m sorry but we have to let you go .  , i tried to plead my case , but it was useless , this was the third talk we had about my performance at work . i collected my things and went home , dropped it off and headed to the bar , again . newline newline mikey greeted me as he always does , with a big smile and a question .  no work today again eh ?  .  no , i did . but it was my last day , not by choice either .  , mike started pouring my drink ,  this one s on me then .  we sat there talking , then as it started getting more packed i called it a night and headed home , picking up a bottle of whiskey along the way . newline newline i woke up to a phone call the next day , blinded by the sun and still holding the bottle in my hand . i answer my phone and a voice asks me ,  hello , is this chris ashford ?  ,  yes who is this ?  i asked .  this is detective harper , i m not sure if you have seen it on the news yet , but there was a plane crash earlier today and i m sorry to inform you but your wife and kids we re aboard the plane , there were no sur  i dropped the phone . newline newline i do nt remember how but i found myself standing on the ledge of my apartment building roof . tears coming from my eyes , anger and regret fueling them .  they re gone because of me .  , i say to myself . they we re on that plane because of my actions , nothing can change that . how does someone live with that guilt ? i guess i m one of the people that ca nt . i hold a picture of them close to my chest , close my eyes and jump . newline newline i hear a voice exclaim ,  its a boy !  , and people celebrating . newline newline i open my eyes in confusion ,  mom ... dad ... ?  .he lived out his life unaware of it . it started in elementary school . he could always jump a little farther than everybody else . in middle school , he joined the track team , breaking all the records for the high jump in the first meet . in high school , he dominated states , achieving legendary status.they said he must be a medical marvel , a specimen of sorts . he surprised everybody by declining a track scholarship to oregon , instead attending duke , while all around him they criticized his decisions , saying he wasted his potential , life experiences most people would only dream of , chances at olympic greatness . but still , he pressed on , graduating , marrying a beautiful woman , having two kids , while his name became lost in history under those who had taken a different path . then as he became old and gray , and neared the end of his life , he expressed one final wishto be taken by helicopter to the summit of mount everest . they said no , that the altitude would kill him , that his legs would go out below him due to his age . but he insisted , so they relented . the day came , and as the helicopter approached the roof of the world , disaster struck when high winds struck it . it went curtailing out of control , and as the man neared certain death at the hands of the jagged rocks , the memory struck him . the memory of jumping high , far off the ground . so he mustered up the strength he had left , limping toward the door , cracking it open enough to squeeze out , and jumped . then something wonderful happened . he began to fly . alright sheev , fetch !  i call as i throw the tennis ball across the field . with remarkable speed and grace , the mutt that i picked up from the pound today rushes after it , grabbing it out of the air after the first bounce . after sheev saunters up to me and the dog trainer , he stops and drops the ball before my feet . newline newline the dog trainer gives me a look that doesn  t give me much confidence about the rest of the training course . newline newline  you  re saying you picked him up from the pound ?  she asks , and i nod .  well , i could offer you the advance course ? it  s for show dogs , and there  s some things you could teach him for like , service dog stuff  newline newline shaking my head , i pat sheev  s .  nah , i don  t need that stuff . and i think if i ever do , sheev  ll pick that up just as easy.  newline newline the trainer nodded a little sullenly . having to lose a customer would do that , probably . or it could be that she  d never seen a dog quite like sheev . he is a curious one : he looks like the cutest lapdog , albeit as big as a labrador , but he possesses a strange intelligence . even now , as he  s being petted , he looks at me with one eye open . as if we  d struck a deal : i would feed him , pet him , and in return , he would be my companion . my  man  s best friend  . newline newline as i put the leash on his collar , the trainer asks :  why the name , though ? i  ve never heard it before.  newline newline  my friend , who picked him up , he  s this big star wars geek . i dunno.  i say , and head to my car . newline newline   newline newline the rest of my day is pretty uneventful . i buy large breed dog chow , some dog toys , and a comfy bed for sheev to sleep on . though as i make the last purchase , i notice him staring , as if to say i am wasting my money . i just shrug it off : he  s going to be sleeping comfortably on his own bed . newline newline at home , i give sheev his food before making my own dinner . strangely , he doesn  t start eating immediately , even as i try to get him to do so . only when i  ve cooked my pasta and meatballs and sit down to eat does he start on his own chow . newline newline  aww , that  s sweet.  my roommate , coming out of his room wearing what i know to be his  lucky  shirt .  eating together , what a wonderful first date .  if i  d know it would be such a cutie i  d have given him a different name.  newline newline  the night  s still young . for all you know , we could take over the world by tomorrow . right , sheev ? take over the world for me ?  i say , grinning at the large puppy . with his muzzle still in his bowl , he has that look again . it  s probably nothing newline newline  well , i  m going out . don  t ban the nightclub scene while i  m dancing , or you  re bailing me out . alright ? alright . see ya !  with a flourish , he picks up his bag and heads out . newline newline finishing my dinner , i turn to sheev .  alright , when you do take over the world ? make sparkly shirts illegal.  i wash up , fill his water bowl and head for bed . as i do , i notice sheev following me . newline newline  hey , i bought you a bed , alright ?  i say , maybe a little too indignantly . newline newline i only get back a sad frown . newline newline  fine . you want to sleep in my bed ?  i ask . newline newline he looks up a little more hopefully . newline newline  alright . you take over the world for me , you get to sleep in the big bed . for now , you have your own in the living room.  newline newline at that , sheev sadly pads out of the room . newline newline i lay down in my bed triumphantly , and as i fall asleep , my last thought is : did i just argue with my dog ? newline newline   newline newline the next morning , i wake up , put on my slippers and head for the kitchen . i find a curious sight waiting for me . my roommate sits there with uncovered chest , eating his cereal . newline newline  where  s your shirt ?  i ask .  did one of your dates throw a fruity drink all over it ?  newline newline  no man , it  s pretty fucked up . i was dancing , next thing i know some guy taps me on the shoulder , tells me it  s illegal to wear a sparkly shirt !  he says with the practiced theatricality of a drama major . newline newline  have you been talking to sheev ?  newline newline  sheev ? what the are you high ? did you find my stash ?  newline newline  you have a stash ?  i look over at him with a raised eyebrow . newline newline  it  s not important , man.  he says defensively , just before we hear our door opening . newline newline the thought  who else has our key ?  runs through my head but then sheev comes walking in , holding a stack of envelopes in his mouth . big ones . he drops them on the kitchen counter , looking incredibly tired . newline newline  hey , where have you been , buddy ?  i ask , but the stack of envelops draws my attention . the top ones are bills that i share between myself and my roommate , but then the bigger ones are official documents ? newline newline tearing one open , i see the letterhead declaring itself to be from the nato secretary general  s office . what the hell ? i pick up another one , this one from , upon closer inspection , the president of the european union . what was going on ? newline newline without any ceremony , sheev walks into my room , and i hear the springs of my bed compressing . newline newline   newline newline edit : just the last line , changed the tense .he comes in with the storm clouds newline wearing his cloak of many colors . newline with a smile like the horned moon newline he collects all sisters and brothers . newline dymati folk song newline newline rain fell and the bodies bloomed . newline newline scarlet lilies , columbine and roses lifted themselves out of trampled earth and broken limbs . slowly they raised their heads in salutation , leaves all atremble . they covered the filth and mud , they covered the small bodies of talia and vesren in a bloody shroud . newline newline i wipe the rain off my face and pull myself up before the roots and thorns can catch me . they would crack my ribs if they could , eat my marrow until there was nothing left . i stagger a little , my left foot giving out . i land by talia  s upturned face , her eyes empty as windowpanes . newline newline gods . newline newline i pull at the flowers covering her . they have already crept their way across the field . by nightfall no one would know how much blood was spilled , how the salt runes did nothing . newline newline the petals burn my hands , they whisper his name in reverence . newline i throw them to the wind , i spellcurse his name . newline newline  may iron bind his feet as he has bound my flesh . newline let every step he takes , bring him closer to me . newline may he find no hearth , no help or rest . newline until the last drop of blood flows from me.  newline newline the rose thorns prick at my heels like an angry kitten . newline good . newline tell him . newline newline i kiss vesren  s hand , i close talia  s empty eyes . newline i have no time to bury my grandchildren . newline the wandering man is coming . newlinedear ... thomas newline newline you sorry , inept , contemptible , dickhungry fuckup . i won the lottery , a whole helluva lot of it . so i am leaving , its 10:47 am and i am walking out of the door across the street and down to the subway . it should be a beautiful day if the forecast can be believed . i plan on getting some groceries , hitting the gym , and settling down for a nice afternoon of movies . i just wanted to let you know i came in today to do three things . first , i deleted every contact , timeline , spreadsheet , and password from my computer . have fun putting that 600 person resource back together from scratch ! since you have no idea where anything comes from or what day it arrives i can only imagine how well you will fair . second , i came back for my mug , its not my favorite but it works and i like the calvin and hobbes comic on it . finally , i came back to do something to the meat ... i did something to the meat thomas . i did it to all of the meat , that s fourteen tons of assorted cuts and ground beef thomas . fourteen tons . you ca nt sell it now , people would get sick thomas , they could die . you have to throw away 100,000 dollars of meat thomas . newline newline regards . newline newline  i would nt actually do anything to any product ... but the worry , oh the worry it would cause !  look mom ,  kevin hit escape and muted himself , sighing into his headset . he leaned back in his chair and stared at the paused character on his screen . he unmuted .  i know it  s the holidays and all , and yes , i  ve always made it a big deal . but i have a lot to do over break . we  ll videoskype or something christmas morning , how about that ? i  ll open that package you  re probably going to send on screen . it  ll be almost like i  m there.  he listened to his mother quietly for a few minutes .  all right . i love you too . yes , i  ll tell lucy . happy thanksgiving . we  ll talk again in about two weeks.  newline newline he unpaused and resumed smashing enemies , but his heart wasn  t in the game . after a few more minutes , he saved and logged out , tossing his headset onto its stand . lucy was leaving him . she was going to have the talk , probably at dinner tonight , the one that made their break up real . newline newline he  d had her christmas present for weeks already , it was waiting on top of his dresser , wrapped with a silver ribbon and blue paper . he meant it as one lastditch romantic effort , something to bring life back into their relationship . two years of his life , through all of the ups and downs of his college career so far , and kevin thought he  d had it all sorted out . now everything was messed up again . newline newline for a moment , kevin wondered how his younger , cooler self would deal with this situation . you couldn  t fix a relationship with booby traps , but of all the things he  d dealt with as a kid , it was the human connections that really stuck out in his memory . sometimes he wondered if harry and marv , his old nemeses , would ever make one lastditch effort to get him . that might breathe some action back into kevin  s life . but he figured at this point , the two excons didn  t have it in them anymore . marv had opened a florist business , which was doing poorly , and all he could find out about harry was that he was a regular at alcoholics anonymous . newline newline but more than that , it was old man marley and brenda , the pigeon lady , that had taught kevin his most important lessons . he had to be open and honest with lucy . that would win her over . newline newline dinner wasn  t going to be anything fancy , just the local burger place . she was going to meet him there after her shift at the university bookstore . he arrived early and took a seat , staring at his hands and trying to figure out what he would say to her , what might change her mind . he knew what she was going to say , and it frustrated him that after all this time , she saw some of his best traits as flaws . newline newline kevin  s musings were interrupted as a hipster or a homeless person stumbled drunkenly through the seating area , then fell on a fellow student sitting nearby . the student yelled , trying to shove the limp body away , then kevin quite clearly saw the homeless personor hipsterbite the student  s face . blood sprayed across the student  s notebook , which began to fizzle and smoke . newline newline he joined the crush of people hurrying to flee the building , but the outside was no more safe . now that kevin knew what to look for , he could see others , scattered around , people in dirty clothes , stumbling like they were sick or drunk . he could see the blood , hear the screams . newline newline he had to get to lucy . newline newline    newline newline kate mcallister stared in horrified fascination at the footage from california . it seemed like scenes from a horror movie . the video was shaky and blurry , taken by amateurs using their phones , or from security feeds and helicopters . the voiceover and marquis at the bottom half of the screen reminded viewers of the precautions they should take against the undead . she forgot everything , however , when a familiar towheaded figure dashed through the video feed from a shopping center , leading a group of people armed with crude weapons . newline newline she jolted upright , her shriek bringing her husband and eldest son into the room .  kevin !  newline newline    newline newline the dormitory was a warzone . kevin patrolled the perimeter , checking the traps with john . there was a tension between the two menjohn was lucy  s dad , and he didn  t quite approve of kevin , but over the past two weeks they  d developed a mutual respect . before the cell service went down , they  d been able to find lucybut only in the most general sense . she was cross campus , trapped in the administrative building with other survivors . sometimes people could get through , but the zombies tended to get more than half of those who tried . newline newline they sent signals with flashlights and morse code between buildings , but otherwise had little contact with the other survivor groups , and even less with the rest of the world , other than air dropped supplies onto the dorm  s roof . the  outbreak  was only a category threethey  d contained it before it breached the county limitsbut it could be months before the ground sweep reached the campus . newline newline kevin kept nodded to himself as the final trap passed muster .  i was supposed to call my mom today ,  he commented , half to himself and half to john .  i  m sure she knows what  s going on in here though.  he knocked the code to be allowed back into the building as john kept a lookout . newline newline  probably . it was only luck that had me in town . why does this always happen to me around christmas ?  newline newline kevin twisted back and gave him a quizzical look .  what do you mean ?  newline newline  there  s always a crisis for me at christmas . not every year . but damn , back in the eighties you really don  t know ? nakatomi plaza , that hostage situation ? or dulles airport in 1990 ?  kevin shrugged .  i was a kid , i guess . but i think i heard something about those . you had something to do with it ?  newline newline  i was the big damn hero , kid.  the people inside finally finished clearing the barricade and let them in .  it  s just typical that i  ll be spending another christmas in the goddamn trenches.  newline newline    newline newline spoiler :  1   http : en.wikipedia.orgwikihomealone    2   http : en.wikipedia.orgwikishaunofthedead    3   http : en.wikipedia.orgwikidiehard i only noticed the man when he stood up to leave . newline newline i did nt see the green of any dollar bills on the man s table , and i briefly wondered if he d chosen to stiff me my tip . sure , i had nt provided great service , but it was a lazy thursday , right in the middle of a midday lull . i was just glad to be off my feet , knowing that the dinner rush was right around the corner . newline newline a moment later , however , i remembered picking up the fakeleather check holder from the man s table a few minutes earlier . he had paid by credit card , had nt he ? one of those amex cards , the ones with the shiny blue square in the middle . newline newline i remembered that the shiny sticker on the card had been worn nearly away . guy must keep it in his wallet next to something rough . it had run through the little machine by our cash register with no problems , though . newline newline i stood up , moving into the aisle to pass the man and clear his table . tommy was supposed to be bussing the dishes , but i knew that he was out back , taking his  smoke  break . we all knew the truth about the kid , but no one said anything . what would be the use ? newline newline the man did nt look up as i passed him . he had red hair , almost orange , a set of tight curls that covered his head . he wore a suit , but the clothing looked worn and slightly illfitting . like his amex card , i thought . professional at one point , but ground down by the repetitive stress of life . newline newline as i drew close to the table , i saw the man s plate . he d enjoyed the meal , at least . he had ordered a reuben , i remembered . the dark brown crusts of the rye bread were still on the plate , along with a neat little pile of sauerkraut . guy must have scraped it off . newline newline the fake leather billfold that held the check was lying open across the middle of the table . i reached down for it , but my hand paused . newline newline on the back of the receipt , using the blue bic without a cap that i d dropped off , the man had written a note . his handwriting was messy , a loose scrawl , and i had to pick up the slip of paper and hold it up closer to my face . my reading glasses were still back behind the counter . newline newline  out of diner number one hundred and four , this is the sixtyseventh where i ve ordered this sandwich ,  i read off , squinting .  i d call it mediocre , a little below the average . for a better example , try sampino s out on the west coast .  newline newline beneath this strange note , there was a scrawl that was totally illegible  it looked like the man s signature . sure enough , when i flipped the paper back over , it matched his signature on the line . newline newline i do nt know what made me do it . maybe i had reached the breaking point , had snapped , lost it after too many years of food service . i do nt know why . newline newline but a moment later , i had spun around and was running towards the entrance of the restaurant , my lungs struggling to suck in air . at least i was wearing flats , so i did nt trip and fall on my face  but i must have looked a sight to behold , my apron strings flapping behind me . newline newline i burst out the front door into the parking lot , spinning around . the man , a few steps away , had paused beside his dark green , faded toyota camry , glancing up at me . i locked eyes with him and hurried over . newline newline  why ?  i asked him , the word coming out in a breathless pant . newline newline  why what ? i do nt understand ,  the man said , finally looking up and at me . his eyes were green . newline newline  why do you go to so many places , if you just order the same thing ?  i asked , the words pouring out of my mouth without any conscious intervention from my brain .  why not try something new ? why this , over and over ?  newline newline the man looked back at me . despite my heaving , heavy breathing , he did nt seem bothered by this middleaged waitress charging after him .  why do you do the same thing over and over ?  he asked mildly , tilting his head slightly to one side . newline newline i opened my mouth hotly , but i was out of words . for several seconds , the two of us just looked at each other , one of us panting and out of breath from a reckless sprint , the other one curiously calm . newline newline  when will you be back ?  i do nt know why i cared , but i suddenly needed to know . newline newline the man shrugged .  perhaps tomorrow .  newline newline  meatball ,  i told him .  try that sub . it s better .  newline newline the man nodded , and for just a moment , i thought i saw the slightest hint of a smile flicker across his face .  i ll do that ,  he replied . newline newline i stood there , watching him drive away , out of our parking lot . newline newline sometimes , it s the little , most mundane moments that we remember above all others .sarah took a momentary break from reading her book to check the time . thirty minutes from now . she was tired , but she did nt want to fall asleep . she wanted to be conscious when it happened , to see what it felt like . the riots were loud enough that she could hope to stay awake , but she was starting to read each line about five times . after trying to read but only getting a line or so down the page , she looked again . twenty five minutes from now . fuck . time is getting weird . she was exhausted , and hated , but how could she have slept those nights before , in the days leading up to this ? newline newline she opened her eyes . oh shit , i must ve taken a nap , at least i m awake to experience it . it should be happening any minute now .  her eyes flickered to the clock . she blinked . obviously she was having hallucinations . it was supposed to happen hours ago . she sat there for a moment , considering the possibilities . she knew for a fact that it was supposed to happen . all the scientific studies , all the statistical analyses , it was supposed to happen . it took her a moment to realize why , and she should ve realized why sooner . she put on her coat , put on her id card , and made out for her car . newline newline the outside was dark , as it was only morning , but there was a sobering moroseness . if the riots and increase in crime in the weeks leading up to it was the storm beforehand , then this was the stark calm aftwerward . the streets were empty , excepts with people mourning . mourning everything . everyone gave up everything because it was supposed to happen . people changed , and now they had to face the reality of who they became . newline newline sarah got to the lab . she flew through its many corridors and rooms , hunting him down . she found him asleep , over piles of notebook paper , recording the observations from his experiment ... he had it recorded as a success ... the gall . usually she adopted a philosophy of nonviolence , but she thought this was an exceptional case . she awoke him by smacking him .  robert ,  she spat his name ,  why in the fucking hell am i and the other 26 billion people of earth still alive ?  newline newline robert was too tired to care that he d been smacked . this experiment drained his fuel reserved for at least a decade . robert attempted a grin , and attempted enthusiasm in saying ,  i think we both know why ,  though it came out in a monotone . newline newline  you had no idea that could ve worked . we can only imagine what would ve happened if it did nt ! i m seriously thinking about telling the media what you   she was getting worked up . newline newline  the fact that you re here , talking to me about it , means it worked ,  interrupted robert . he did nt have to take this crap for saving the human race , even if his work did have ... significant ... implications about humanity . hhhello ?  newline my voice crackled as i answered . i was still in a state of awe . newline newline most people do nt randomly find  10,000,000 in their checking accounts overnight . newline newline luck was something that i never really had  considering that i was born with cerebral palsy . it took me a while to realize that being handicap is really just a state of mind , and that anything most people could do , i could do too . the universe was a cruel mistress though . she did nt stop by giving me an unfair disadvantage . in the past year , my father and uncle died , and the thought of their deaths haunted me most nights . newline newline the voice on the other line was calming and sincere , and sounding full of what seemed like guilt . newline  walter ? this is gretchen ...  newline newline i hung up , and threw my phone as far into the air as i could . newline newline i realized at that exact moment that this money would be the perfect way to escape the life my father had left for me . newline newline you see scrub , the world as you know it is about to be changed . you swore the oath , you know what s coming .  newline my potbellied partner began , walking before me . newline  with the anonymity out , people think they re untouchable , that they ca nt be traced , ca nt be hunted . killed  newline he finished , looking directly at me . newline  but here s the kicker . the higher ups , praise the shit they sling at us , saw this coming . anonymity blocks your view of other people . but it records the world as is . and now that you re a technician , you too will see what anonymity sees .  newline i glanced down at my badge . i may have bit more than i can chew this time . newline newline newline  first order of business , a murder down in the boondocks .  newline said george , as he opened his pda . newline  26year old , female . left to die with entrails all around her  newline i finished . newline newline  this ai nt gon na be a pretty sight boy , you sure you want to be the one to hook in ?  newline  yeah . the first one is the hardest right ? it ai nt gon na get any easier .  newline newline i cradled the dead lady s head in my arm , and searched for the port . anonymity is installed at the base of a person s neck . it s fully embedded in , with it s wires hijacking nerve connections in order to hide people s faces , and your own . it s installed at birth , aiming to remove every ism there is , racism , sexism et cetera . but as with total anonymity , people lose their sense of responsibility . newline newline i found the port and plugged in a reader , that corresponds to the one plugged into my port , and began watching her final moments . newline newline the man was huge . no older than 40 . he held the lady s head down , as my voice , her voice begged for mercy . he laughed manically , in a way how alcohol lends it s cadence to join his voice . he took out a hunting knife , it s edge gleaming in the streetlight that illuminated this gruesome murder , before plunging it into me , into her . newline newline  hey george , he did nt show ...  i began , before i stopped . newline as the woman fell to the ground , her eyes roam upwards , and i saw the murderer . newline i saw his pot belly . newline i saw his badge . newline i saw my partner . newline newline i reached for my gun , but he was quicker . newline  i did nt want you to see that scrub . but now that you did , you re gon na have to go . to the next one looking through his memory . better shush eh ?  newline newline newline i pulled myself out of the memory . the man laid where i left him , a gun shot wound square on his temple . i pulled out my incident report and wrote only two words . newline  confirmed suicide it was simple enough that it made implementation all too easy . it was successful enough that most people wanted it , and positive enough that the government forced criminals to get it . newline the technical name was a little bit too difficult for most people . in short , it was a chemical castration . a very specific gland in your brain was killed , so that a certain reaction would be supressed . newline im a very few years , passion crimea went down 98  , as did club and bar fighting , and sport related incidents . newline violence slowly fade from society . crime still existed , but now it was always cold and calculated . newline the impulse of violence , the uncontrollable burst was now gone . the castration gave people up to five minutes of time between the trigger and the cause , overruling evolution . newline now we get to think . after five minutes , kicking someone s ass is not such a good idea anymore . newline of course you know the rest . now we live in a society where the youngest generation is completely oblivious to violent behaviour . so maybe when their turn comes , there wo nt be wars at all . i know , it s wishful thinking . newline still who wouls have thought we d get here ? and yet , here we are . newlinetoday s the big day.the sat ... .. newline newline i ve had my telepathy for a while now and i utilized the power for crappy party tricks like guessing the numbers people are thinking of and winning poker games by reading the minds of the cardholders , but about a few weeks ago i thought of the holy grail to get the best out of my power.that s right . i m talking about the sat ! newline newline i grinned from ear to ear as i took my seat and waited for my classmates to fill into their desks one by one . i knew how i was gon na cheat and i knew who i was gon na cheat off of : sara isaac , also known as , the perfect prefect . newline newline and there she is ! newline newline she walked into the classroom with her head held high and sat down in the seat directly in front of me .  which is perfect because the closer you are , the easier it is to read you .  newline newline  heya sara !  i said with a joyous smile . newline newline  who said you can look my direction ? low life scum .  sara said as she looked away from me in disgust . newline newline well i was under the impression that we were pretty close since i can basically finish your sentences now .  i said in my telepathic channel . newline newline the proctor began spouting her usual song and dance about the penalties of cheating that no one listened to but pretended to listen to . newline newline and after that , it began ! newline newline this is gon na be the easiest test of my life !  i say in my mind as i write my name in the required spots . newline newline after that , i simply tune out all the other student s thoughts and only listen to sara newline newline this one s easy . i just have to create my own unit circle and figure out the sin of the xcoordinates .  newline newline sure ... .so easy sara ... .. newline newline got it ! the answer s d !  newline newline as she wrote down her answer , i quickly write down the same thing and listen in for the next one . this order continues until it s break time before i know it . the teacher allows us to do basically anything at this time so i decide to take a quick walk to think about my success . newline newline i m such a genius ! cheating is simply the best route for things .  newline newline no cheating in my classroom newline newline ... ..what ? newline newline i quickly scanned the courtroom i was in and i saw her sitting on a staircase in front of me ... .the ultimate proctor ... .mrs.nickelback . that s when i quickly pieced together the entire situation and figured it out ... she has telepathic powers too ! i decided to have a quick battle of telepathy to see how well she can handle her powers . so i smiled at her and began . newline newline well , well , well . if it is nt the proctor with the  most cheaters caught  reward under her belt i started off . newline newline i m honestly surprised that out of all the things you could use your powers for , you decide to use it for such a dreadful purpose .  newline newline it s just a test ...  i casually respond newline newline first a test , then scamming people out of their money , then blackmail and bribery newline newline i would never take it that far though ... . newline newline i ve heard that excuse too many times before . it s always the good ones too . you come from an amazing , honorable , family . what would they think if they saw you doing such a terrible thing ?  newline newline she s right . my mother was a woman of honor and my father was a man that followed her to the edge of death itself . they would always be honest with others and help the helpless . and one thing my mother would always tell me would be that : newline newline there are three things that mama does nt like : liars , cheaters , and thieves .  newline newline mrs.nickelback finished my thought for me . newline newline i m a seasoned telepath so i can do everything from reading recent thoughts to reading distant memories.do you really think your late mother would smile down upon the road you ve taken ? because i think she would be appalled and disgusted . you could cheat , but know that there is always a consequence . whether physical or emotional , whether now or in the distant future , there will always be a consequence .  newline newline her words echoed in my mind  figuratively and literally  . newline newline i wish i could say that i came up with some witty quip , or some smart retort or comeback to make me feel better about the pure truth that she was saying , but i was simply speechless . newline newline  all teachers and students ! please return to your testing locations to continue to the second and last half of your sat testing ! thank you !  newline newline me and mrs. nickelback walked back to class together in silence . i sat back down in my seat and we were quickly prompted to begin again . newline newline i began again with the same song and rhythm as the first half and began reading sara s mind and copying . with each letter i wrote down , mrs. nickelback s words filled me with deep regret for myself and what i was doing . newline newline i m honestly surprised that out of all the things you could use your powers for , you decide to use it for such a dreadful purpose .  newline newline first a test , then scamming people out of their money , then blackmail and bribery newline newline you could cheat , but know that there is always a consequence . whether physical or emotional , whether now or in the distant future , there will always be consequences .  newline newline then these words put the final nail in the coffin . newline newline there are three things that mama does nt like : liars , cheaters , and thieves .  newline newline teardrops . my answer sheet was starting to get wet from all of my tears . newline i know mama , i know . and i ll never be a cheater . i would never want to disrespect you . i want to be a person you can be proud of . newline newline i started erasing answers left and right . and before i knew it , my entire answer sheet was as blank as it was the moment i got it . newline newline i stared at my telepathic proctor in the eyes and thought : newline newline is that enough for you ?  newline newline she sent a smile my way and said : newline newline it s enough for me , and i think it ll be enough for her too ... . newline newline end newline  newline note to anybody that cares enough to get this far : feedback ? critique ? i m always trying to improve so fire away please !aurora laid back in the jeffersonian grass . it was nt really grass , more like long thin hairs sprouting from some unruly moptop . the grass  was purple , not green , not like on what she heard about earth . as she lay there , on terra firma , she was nt even on terra firma . she guessed it would be jefferson firma . she liked it better as terra firma . even if it was nt quite right . newline newline she lay there and stared at the stars . she could have queried through her implant to her booster to see which star was sol , birthplace of humanity . she took pride in being able to find that one yellow star as it swam into view . she took pride in knowing about her heritage . she took pride in being human . she took pride in being american . she took pride in being a jeffersonian . newline newline as she lay there though , she was acutely aware she d never been nor was likely to ever see earth . she was highly unlikely to travel the 163 light years back and walk new york or washington dc . she was likely to live , love and die on jefferson . a whole world , a world of which she was of the first generation of the native born . newline newline oh , perhaps , had she been born on caerus , nuwa , nakshaktra or othrys , she could have traveled back . those were 40 light years or less . no more than a handful of jumps from earth . jefferson was , with the new jump drives and ships , still a good eight months away . newline newline she stared at sol and wondered . what was life like ? what would it be like to have mosquitoes instead of taxitos ? what would it be like to live on a world of eleven billion instead of fifty thousand . single neighborhoods in new york city had more people than her entire world . would she feel exhilarated to constantly be seeing new faces ? or stifled with the crush of so much humanity ? newline newline would she be happier with so much choice of what to do at the moment ? or would she be lost in frivolous pursuits , pure pleasure and sensation , strutting and fretting her way down the street and , in the end , signifying nothing . newline newline here on jefferson , she had a whole world to see and experience and to be a first . there she could see and experience everything that was the newest , the best . here she was was faced with challenges no human had ever encountered , not even on other worlds . there she would be faced with challenges no human had ever solved . newline newline one giant moon , instead of four dancing smaller ones . many nations instead of being a purely american world . such a riot of peoples . such a variation of life that was related . america had four worlds exclusive to its own and shared four others , one american led , but not exclusively hers . india had five . china had four . europe had three . nigeria had two . indonesia and brazil had one each . newline newline she daydreamed , just for a moment , of a grand tour . reaching across the stars and touring all the worlds of humanity . the american , the chinese , the indian , european , nigerian and all the rest . well , she skipped escheria . only the brave and foolish went there given its ecology ... but escheria was a part of the american mythos , as much as the signing of the declaration of independence , civil war , civil rights movement or all the rest ... newline newline she d end her tour on earth . what would it be like ? newline newline she lay there and stared . she lay there and wondered . she lay there and reached out to tom , her first boyfriend and held his hand in silence .gerald sat on his back porch , staring contentedly at his back yard , a glass of iced tea slowly warming in the late afternoon sun . no thoughts crossed his mind , at his age thoughts were nt a necessity and only showed up when something of import hove itself in front of him . two minutes or two hours , it did nt matter how long he d sat there , he was enjoying the warmth , the sound of the light breeze , and not thinking . it was his favorite past time , aside from yelling at the tv . newline newline his reverie was shattered with the sound of a whistle and a heavy thunk from the yard . thoughts now came into his mind unbidden and without so much as an invitation . probably just some neighbor kid threw a football too hard , he thought , it ll teach him a good lesson if he never gets it back . newline newline with the slow grace of semiwarm marmalade , he unfolded himself from his highbacked rocking chair , achieved something that vaguely resembled an upright posture , and descended the short stairs to the grass that he so lovingly maintained . if a single blade is out of place , he thought again , there will be hell to pay . newline newline an object sat in the middle of his yard , bits of dirt clung to it s sides , and it steamed quietly to itself . as gerald inched closer , he could see that it was no football , that it appeared to be a hunk of glass , about the size of a cantaloupe . it s edges were sharp and showed signs of recent fracture , much the same way that old obsidian arrowheads do . puzzled by this odd intrusion into his world , gerald descended to his knees to examine it closer . he retrieved the ancient set of bifocals from his shirt pocket , wiping them with a corner of his handkerchief and placing them precariously on the end of his nose . newline newline what he beheld was no ordinary bit of melted silica and soda ash . from deep within the glass came a cyan color of incredible intensity yet no direct source of illumination or focal point . it was as if the glass itself radiated blue , yet there was no single source from which the blue came . tentatively , gerald reached out a gnarled hand , and touched the material . it was warm , warm like bread fresh out of the over , yet also mildly electric . gerald withdrew his hand and pondered some more . a passing airplane , perhaps ? he craned his back as far as his advanced years would allow him to . newline newline nothing up there . a passing bird , and a leaf on the wind . he watched it soar for a moment , before it passed out of sight . newline newline just then , another whistle and thunk , this time of greater magnitude . a second piece , this one about the size of gerald s tv , now lay in the freshly tilled earth of his garden . it , too , steamed and radiated the same incredible skyblue color . newline newline sky blue . another intrusive thought . newline newline gerald scanned the skies again , this time seeing something . a blackness , a small piece of nothing up there above his head . his wizened face scrunched up in thought , now that he needed thoughts none decided to show up . ungrateful thoughts , oughta be ashamed of themselves . newline newline as he stared into the black , he saw it suddenly grow bigger , and a glint move across the sky . the glint grew bigger and bigger , seeming to rush towards gerald much like an old friend would , if gerald had any old friends anymore . with a piercing shriek instead of a mild whistle , a much larger piece of glass plowed into the corner of gerald s porch , a great crashing boom that sent pieces of wood flying everywhere , dirt splattering across the sides of the modest house , and the glass of iced tea somewhere into the neighbor s yard . stunned and shocked , gerald could not come up with any response other than to gape at what just happened . newline newline he turned and looked upward at that black spot . now long , thin , creeping black arms appeared to radiate out of the spot , ever widening , branching , reconnecting , splintering anew . a memory clicked to life in gerald s mind , when he was 23 and went ice fishing with his father , and he got into an area where the ice was too thin . watching the ice do the same thing , knowing that at any moment it would collapse and he would drown . the same fear of death he had then came to him now , his old heart racing with adrenaline , his hands shaking . a much larger piece now hurtled earthward , slamming with incredible force into his neighbors house , flattening it completely and knocking over the great old oak tree that had stood in front of the house for almost 200 years . tears came from gerald s eyes . the sky , literally , was falling down around him .all my life i ve been fond of cats . small cats , big cats , their beauty always made me forgive their egoism , lazyness , and cruelty . newline newline i wish they were lazy this time . they probably have nt eaten for days , and the screaming of tens of thousands of people in the stands probably also wo nt inspire them to take a nap . newline newline why did nt i pay more attention when gladiator was on the 2d classic channel the other week ? i do nt think it had a humans for catlunchsegment however . let s try to think clearly , i probably have about fifteen seconds for that . maybe even longer , cats take their time when they feel they are in charge . i have to be calm and assertive . no wait , that s for dogs . what s the opposite of assertive ? crap , why is that huge bengal tiger looking at me all crazyeyed ? newline newline the people around me seem to be panicking a lot more than i am . should i try to cooperate or try to get them chewed to bits first ? or both ? i need to win the emperor for me ! and the crowds ! why do nt i do what i do best ? where on earth are the zig pods ? oh crap , this is the 2nd century . is my wonker gear still working though ? one way to find out . why are the other cat snacks looking at me all weird ? as if they ve ever seen anyone activate their wonker gear without taking off their clothes and standing on their head .  wonk 1 ! wonk 2 ! howdy do !  . and while i regret my own lack of foresight to pick a less silly nonchangeable activation line , i shoot up 15 feet in the air . here kitty kitty ! how high do these majestic creatures even jump ?  wonk forward !  .  wonk 13 degrees !  . newline newline  hello sir emperor boss , it s a bit of a long story , so it would help if you spoke english ? let me guess , no ? do i make you laugh ? what are you saying ? wonk ? yes ! wonk ! wonk !  newline newline  wonk ! wonk ! wonk ! wonk ! wonk !  it s amazing how much noise fifty thousand men can make . i guess this is how it sounded when the chuckster first used his gear when he scored all those touchdowns in superbowl mmmxii . it s hard to not complain about the prohibition after such a natural high . mental note : do nt go broke within a year by spending all my buckwinks on geewabs . wait a minute , these people do nt have those yet . hmmm , i think this might turn out to be not such a bad trip after all .  wonk 100 degrees !  .hm . i did nt realize that that pawn was in danger . i suppose it s just a pawn , i can recover . it s interesting that that s only normal to us because this is a setting of war . newline newline had it been anywhere else , had these pieces simply been strolling about , this would be unforgivable , for this random bishop to take out my pawn . newline newline i wonder what the longest a game s ever gone without anyone taking each other s pieces . did the pieces know they were in war ? did it end in a checkmate before the losing kingdom even realized that an assassination or coup was underway ? i d love to see it . the most politicized game of chess ever played . newline newline a pawn . it was pretty close to getting to the other side , too . it could ve had just as much worth as any of these other pieces . a pawn . private sally seem pretty intent on the board . i wonder what he has in store that my pieces know nothing about . any moment , they could die , and they could be doing anything . i have an outpost here , they could be in there playing games for all i know , unaware of the incoming queen . maybe i should warn them and move them to g6 and a6 . that could jeopardize my whole right side , though . so i guess i just leave them there to die . i guess that s war . newline newline i ve never beaten private sally in a game . so why do i challenge him ? does the weight of these pieces have no impact on me ? i guess it is just all a game . it does nt matter what the means are , as long as i eventually win . they could die at any time , but i wo nt . that s why they re so meaningless to me , that s why i can keep them in ignorance while a death approaches them steadily , but certainly . newline newline i guess that s war .the summer night brought an unusual cool wind through the streets . normally the warmer weather stirred the city up more , but tonight it seemed quiet , almost still . from atop wayne tower , the entirety of the city could be seen . from that perspective there was no crime or pain , only sparkling lights and car horns echoing . newline newline he shifted his weight . he was uneasy that it had been over two hours since he started tonight  s patrol and there was nothing on his scanners . the police networks buzzed with petty crimes that the gcpd were fully capable of dealing with . there was nothing about any of the major players of gotham and that troubled batman . newline newline the dark knight readied his grapple gun , about to change his position and continue his patrol elsewhere when a golden streak in the night sky appeared in the corner of his vision . his oculars instantly locked in on the unknown anomaly and enhanced it , zooming in . batman squinted under his cowl trying to make out the tiny yellow object when he suddenly recognized it . newline newline one very similar to it had once appeared to him many years ago during a cosmic event labeled as the  sinestro corps war  . just as it was now , the tiny golden jewel had streaked into gotham and found him almost instantly . the ring seemed to speak telepathically to him and even knew his identity as it spoke   bruce wayne of earth , you have to ability to instill great fear . welcome to the sinestro corps  . at the time he knew what it was , a powerful weapon similar to green lantern  s only based off fear instead of will . for a split second he considered accepting the ring , hoping to use it against the other yellow lanterns . after thinking it through though , he refused , turning the ring away as it jettisoned back into the sky to find someone else . newline newline now he watched as another ring descended on his city . as it got closer he noted that by the ring  s trajectory , it was not heading for him this time . leaping from the building , he maintained his lock on the ring as he folded out his cape and glided in the direction it was heading . using his grapple gun , he expertly switched back and forth between gliding and zipping to maintain visual contact on the glowing jewel . newline newline his mind began to race as to who the ring was heading towards . no doubt the city was full of criminals who inspired fear on a daily basis , but why now ? if the ring knew not to find himself again , who was it looking for now ? newline newline arching himself up high into the sky with a grapple line he noticed that the ring was not heading towards arkham asylum , which housed the most violent and dangerous of the city  s criminals . that put batman  s mind partly at ease , because it was only last week that he had apprehended dr. jonathan crane , also known as the scarecrow . he knew that crane was still at arkham and that there was no way he had escaped so soon . newline newline  dent ? penguin ? they are insane , but hardly inspire great fear to anyone . maybe ivy is spreading a new toxin ?  his thoughts went over the profiles of all his foes as he continued to follow the ring into the old part of town , gradually reaching the street level .  none of them inspire great fear . if not crane , i  d think the secondno  . newline newline the thought occurred as the golden ring flew under the old , broken down entrance into the carnival . it had been abandoned for years and was to be renovated in the next year . batman reached the ground and rolled into a sprint as he strained to keep up with the ring .  not him  he cursed as he followed the yellow trail of the ring . it zipped around the deserted funland and crashed right through the rotten wooden doors of the house of mirrors . newline newline batman stopped in front of the door and slowly opened the doors as they creaked . his night vision automatically engaged as he peered through the darkness and saw numerous images of his reflection . he scanned the entire area and noted several dozen mirrors in all different sizes and shapes set up , creating a maze . stepping carefully as to not make a sound , he attempted to trace the ring using an already known energy source from green lantern , hoping they were similar . newline newline he was halfway through the maze when his tracker picked up a faint signal in a basement area below the mirror maze . batman moved skillfully through the maze when the floor under him began to shake . he froze , gauging the situation as the mirrors began to wobble and floor around him began to crack . through the cracks , golden streaks of light began to shine upwards , causing batman to squint due to the night vision . newline newline the rumble grew as batman started to step back the way he came . before he reached the entrance the entire wooden floor erupted in yellow energy , sending splinters and glass in every direction . batman raised his arms to protect himself as he was thrown back and crashed into an old food cart . his night vision disengaged due to the intense light that was coming from where the mirror house used to be . the explosion had echoed through the night air , but now it was silent again as batman slowly sat up . he could hear nothing but the softest laugh begin to arise from the epicenter of the detonation . newline newline  hello bats  newline newline the all too familiar tone caused him to grit his teeth . he tilted his head upwards , tracing where the voice came from and hovering above the destruction was the clown prince of crime , sporting a new suit of purple and yellow . his greasy green hair shined from the yellow light his body was giving off . the glow made his skin look even paler than usual . newline newline batman got to his feet , assessing his strategy against one of the most powerful weapons in the galaxy on the hand of the most sadistic individual on the planet . as much as he thought about it , he could only look in horror as the joker laughed hysterically , sending chills up batman  s spine . newlinein the end , it was easy ... newline i was always kind of a cheater , never played fair . i was the smartass kid that was always using loopholes in the rules for his own benefit , and man , did i outdo myself this one time . it was quite a risk , but one worth taking . newline newline when the voice started to count down , i tried to formulate my wish as specific as possible . i could get any superpower i wanted , but if somebody somewhere on earth wished for exactly the same , we would both drop death . i was not going to risk my life for something dumb as flying or superstrength . i decided immediately that i would go for the big game . newline newline one newline newline  i wish to have the power to reverse time exactly 7 minutes , 24 seconds and 50 milliseconds  i shouted . then , i closed my eyes desperately waiting for what would happen . nothing . people at the streets were shouting , screaming , laughing , ... i did not really care . i had other things to do . newline newline since i was not dead , i considered myself succesfull and should now be able to reverse time exactly 7 minutes , 24 second and 50 milliseconds . i started timing on my watch ... and waited ... newline after six minutes , nothing had happened . i laughed , almost not believing this was going to work ! i closed my eyes and instinctively i started to reverse time . when i opened my eyes again , not much had changed , but i heared the voice again starting his countdown . i grinned . this time i was going to wish for something else , something far more impressive . and i knew nobody would wish for the same , because i had seen the future . newline newline one newline newline  i wish to be god !  i shouted . newline newline ... newline newline you see , i knew nobody was ever going to wish that . if somebody had become an almighty and omniscient god , that person would have stopped me before i was able to reverse time . newline newline as i already said , in the end , it was easy ...emily sighed and stared at the stale cup of coffee on the table between them . seated across from her was her best friend janet with the tight ponytail pulled into an uncomfortable knot and the wireframed glasses that made her eyes look like they were two sizes too small . she pulled at her own hair , a few shades darker than janet s , out of sympathy to her imagined pain . newline newline she watched janet nervously glance around the room , knowing how much she hated going outdoors . they watched the barista s flutter around the espresso machines like angry butterflies while wisps of sweetly scented clouds floated around them . a couple in the corner were in a heated conversation about music and an older man sat reading a newspaper nearby . on the table next to him was a laptop , left behind by a young boy in dark clothing waiting for his coffee that seemed better suited for dessert than breakfast . newline newline  i do nt understand ,  janet said .  what do you mean i do nt exist ?  she clung to the purse on her lap as if it were a life preserver and pulled the mousy grey cardigan tighter around her shoulders . newline newline  i imagined you ,  emily said .  i created you . you ever wonder why no one talks to you ? where do you even sleep at night ?  newline newline  i sleep in my bed , in my house ,  janet said .  and people are just mean . i m used to being ignored .  newline newline  that s because that s the way i imagined you ,  emily said .  i needed you to be that way because that s how i was when i was a little girl . misery loves company after all and if no one wanted to be my friend , i decided to create one .  newline newline  me ,  janet said . newline newline  exactly .  newline newline  but i exist ,  janet said .  i m literally sitting right here .  newline newline  you do nt exist ,  emily said , enunciating each word .  i created you ... i just do nt need you anymore . i ve changed and you have to go , now .  newline newline  i m not imaginary ,  janet screamed , pounding her fists on the table . newline newline emily smiled and waved around the room . either no one had noticed her outburst or they were intentionally ignoring it . the young boy had seated himself and did nt even offer them a secondary glance . newline newline  i m not imaginary ,  janet repeated , but this time in a quiet voice . newline newline  prove it ,  emily said . newline newline janet reached for the cup of coffee , but stopped when her hand passed through it . the smug grin that rose to her lips fell to fear . she reached for it again , but her fingers found no purchase . emily took the cup and raised it to her lips , draining what was left of the lukewarm coffee . newline newline  but i m real ,  janet whimpered . tears formed at the corner of her eyes and she brushed them away with the corner of her cardigan . newline newline  i m sorry ,  emily said . newline newline janet chewed on her lip while she thought about their situation , a habit emily once carried with her until she d grown out of it . she wiped her eyes one final time before leaning forward and placing the purse on the floor . newline newline  so for us to move on  janet began . newline newline  you have to go ,  emily finished her sentence .  you always were the first one to figure things out .  newline newline  and the cup ? why does nt anyone notice it the strange girl talking to an empty seat ?  janet asked . newline newline  i do nt understand ,  emily said . newline newline  but i think i do ...  janet concentrated and the coffee cup appeared back in front of them . her eyes danced upon the cup and a smile curled at the ends of her lips . newline newline  you ca nt do that ,  emily stared at the cup as if it had just sprouted wings . newline newline  you say you created me in your image ?  janet whispered . she reached out her hand and picked up the cup , bringing it to her lips . newline newline  you re not real ,  emily whispered .  i am .   newline newline  are you sure ?  janet asked .this story kinda turned out a lot more strangesounding than i wish it did , but what ever . newline newline newline i heard them often , playing music late into the night . my bedroom shared a wall with their music studio office , but i don  t think they realized . i had never seen my neighbors , only heard of their comings and goings , and their music every night . whoever they were played guitar , green day , red hot chili peppers , lots of early 2000s riffs when they weren  t playing blues scales . newline newline the sound of mellow blues scales would color my morning , as they typically started playing about the time i had to wake up for class . i became so familiar with their playing style i would recognize certain guitar riffs they played often . sometimes i would play music as well , and wonder if they heard me like i heard them . i would notice when a few days had gone by without any music . newline newline months went by and i still never saw them . every other neighbor i had run into on the way in or out , and exchanged greetings , but not this neighbor . the only sign of existence from this neighbor was the music . newline newline they were playing hard rock one night as i sat out on the balcony smoking a cigarette . i watched a dog wander in the road aimlessly . up the street , down the street , after a squirrel , distracted by something else  the dog would roam around , occasionally greeting other dogs and their owners . i had never seen this dog before , i stayed outside long after i was finished smoking just to keep an eye on him . it was never wise to approach stray dogs . newline newline cars drove by , missing the dog by a few ft. a young couple tried to coax it into their car to no avail . the dog continued to putz up and down the road aimlessly . the sun was starting to set and the birds had quieted down . i lit another cigarette and continued to watch in amusement at the dog  s antics . newline newline in a split second , a toyota camry came barreling down the road , crushing the dog in its path before continuing its rampage . i sat there for a minute , shocked at what had just happened . finally i ran down the stairs to assess the damage . newline newline the dog laid there , smashed and torn , intestines hanging out and blood everywhere . i stared at it , recalling the past few hours of life that i had been watching without its awareness . newline newline a figure walked up beside me , a slender man with a confused look on his face . newline newline  is this your dog . ?  he stuttered . newline newline  no it  s a stray . i happen to be out on my balcony when i saw it get hit  i explained . newline newline  oh . what apartment are you in ?  newline newline  1406 . you ?  newline newline  1407  newlinethe coffin i lay in is the same room where it happened . the blue hue from the old hanging florescent lamp was the only source of light . it swung gentle back and forth , as if some breeze was disturbing it . still subdued by the leather straps that bind my wrists and ankles , i scan the room for any hints or suggestions to what happened . am i dead ? is this heaven ? is this hell ? .. just as the thought was born in my mind , a shadow of a man appeared in the corner of the room . the swinging lamp only teased my panic at who it was .  hello ! ? where am i ! ? did it not work , what the hell man ! ?  the shadow only continued to hover in the corner as if part f the room . i leaned my head up to get a better view of my body and how i could possibly get loose , all while keeping the shadow in my line of sight . suddenly a voice came over the intercom ,  how do you feel ?  i attempted to scream but i could nt muster even a noise now . it was if i was in a dream attempting to scream , but my body was nt capable of producing noise . the voice was heard again ,  how do you feel ?  i leaned my head up toward the two way mirror to see if i could make out someone on the other side . just as i did , the shadow that was in the corner was now directly above my head staring down at me . my eyes were fixated on what should ve been where it s eyes were . the shadow hovered there , as if some sort of misty black fog frozen in place yet free to shift and breathe .  how are you feeling ?   how are you feeling ?  again and again the voice spoke to me , asking the same question . i was stuck , paralyzed by this dark shadow that suspended over me . it taunted me for a response i could nt give . i again attempted to scream but to no avail.. suddenly the shadow formed a mouth , with rotten teeth that resembled a dog , and began to whisper something to me . at first inaudible , but getting louder and louder with each attempt at a whisper . the smell that came from its mouth was unbearable . i jerked back and forth at the restraints begging to be freed . the shadow still whispering to me started to descend closer to my face in so much that i could now feel the warmth of its breathe on my face . struggling to scream and free myself with such exertion of force i could feel my self almost start to black out . panic ensued all the while this shadow sank closer to my face . the voice over the intercom was gone at this point yet the question remained , how do i feel ... how do i feel ? .. my seemingly final thoughts shot through my empty mind ... newline my eyes flashed a bright white followed by a darkness . still conscious but now blind , i attempted to gather what thoughts i could . i m blind , i ca nt speak , i ca nt move , but i can smell and feel the breath of this suspended smog of a man above me.. what is happening to me ? newline exploding awake i burst up from my bed . i m sweaty , my blankets have been thrown o the floor but i m up .  what a terrible dream.. it seemed so real tho .  i spoke out loud to reassure myself i was ok , not knowing exactly if i was or was nt .  it must ve been a night terror  , i thought to myself . i sat there , hands on my bed , legs pulled up and close , and just breathed .  i better just get up and get some water or something  , i said out loud again attempting to calm myself . as i close my eyes to gather my thoughts i can feel my heart beat in my chest and neck , pulsating , letting me know i m still alive . just then as i open them im greeted by the open , dog toothed mouth of the shadow ... nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  it s easy to make something intelligent . all you need to do is find two people willing to have sex , let them have sex , then wait 9 months . it s harder to make something that s intelligent but not run on dna . approximately 12000  harder , or somewhere around 9 decades . and it takes approximately 15000  more people to do it , or around 300 people . and before you ask , the process is not to have a 9 decade orgy of 300 people . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  i m aj , computer scientist at animated intelligence corporation . i ve been chosen to help this project after several of my achievements in the field pertaining to research in the artificial intelligence . ever wonder why your phone knows so much about you , like your schedule , and where you d most likely want to eat for dinner ? you can thank me for that . i m just a junior researcher though . i have nt got as much experience as a lot of my coworkers . there s a few of us at late 20 s to early 30 s  i m 29 myself  , and a lot more at their 40 s and 50 s . our main man abraham is like 70 though . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  for the past year most of our lives were in the laboratory . we are supposed to have a working model by the end of this year , and we ve been pushing our loans and our deadlines extremely close . the whole process is pretty though . the early stages of research  even way before i was even born  were based of just making artificial intelligence on a computer . it was realized through running piles of computer chips to dust and dissecting almost every cadaver they can get their hands on that most of the intelligence the current ai were missing was that of unconsciousness and reflexes , and that was when the aic decided to make the ai everyone dreamed of to be a copy of ourselves  a bipedal humanoid that can stand upright and have emotions . the locomotion and simple intelligence like balance and spacial awareness were easy enough to make , but it was still far from learning and feeling . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  first thing they had to do to make a learning , feeling , robot was to boost the processor . neuroscientist diana suggested that in order to make our processor better , we should model it after the human brain . our current processors look like flat chips that are attached to the board , but now we re trying to make something 3d , something made out of many little artificial brain cells . our top engineers led by engr . mens created the first prototype , something that looked like a metallic fishing net crumpled up . when the power supply was plugged into it , it melted into a ball of crushed hopes and dreams . the second prototype was submerged into oil that was supercooled to degrees reaching 150 k , in such a lab that researchers were forced to wear suits to keep the cold out . the metal brain worked , but it still lit up when the power supply was plugged in . a bunch of test programs were made , from  hello world  to a chess playing program , that we invited the current greatgrandmaster caissa silver to play against it . testing took days as silver did nt want to leave without winning at least once against it . after convincing her that her 107th game would likely end up being a loss like the others , she finally admitted defeat and was glad she was finally beaten  . guess that s an achievement for the team . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  after that we modified the robot so that there would be a cooling system of the brain . kinda like the cerebrospinal fluid in the human body . care was made to separate that system from the dry parts like the motors and the reflex systems . there have been so many times the system did nt fit with the brain , or the system did nt cool the brain down sufficiently . so many robot corpses every time they were sent to the robot autopsy it looked like the raft of medusa . it took several months to come up with a model that looked vaguely human but still works . the robot s brain sat exactly where the human s heart would be . well , the task was to make something that seemed human anyway . engr . mens now had to connect the locomotion and sensors of the robot to the brain . the system so far was that the locomotion and sensors were separate from the cooling system , so it was in essence , two unrelated systems that happened to be stacked on each other . connecting the system was pretty hard , as the cooling oil made the robot s motors freeze up and unable to move , and they all knew too well what happens when the brain does not get enough cooling . mathematically , the electrical system worked , so it was just the motors locking up . looking for ideas , a couple of researchers just suggested that the displaced heat from the cooling system be used to heat the motors . after a couple of prototypes , the idea worked and the extended heating system was placed where the intestines would be . the motors and sensors finally worked together with the brain . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  this was around the time i joined the aic . i , with a couple of other computer scientists led by engr . pollo were tasked with making the learning and feeling part of the robot . this was the hardest thing i ve ever worked on . several sleepless nights working around in circles , trying to make the feelings genuine . we all agreed to make disappointment the first emotion it should be programmed with because of the very fact disappointment was the easiest thing to relate to at the moment , and we can be sure if disappointment manifested in the robot . there were several moments we collaborated with chemical engineers as emotions seemed easier to replicate using hormones instead of keeping track of them in the code . after all , we still had a lot of space left in the head component of the robot . this made work easier for us , having feedback based off of the chemicals left in the robot s head . the emotions were easy to replicate through code after that . happiness during success , sadness during failures , the whole bundle , except curiosity . it still does nt know how to learn . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  we were approaching the deadline pretty quick . we all wanted to finish before the new year to spend time with our families . and during the last days , we just decided to do a hail mary . have the signals of the human brain send to the robot brain . not wanting to destroy the already placed brain , we tried it on a copy of the brain in the cooling system . it exploded . everyone was ready to give up . even abraham , our main man , wanted to give up and just recoup the losses . the deadline was nearing anyway , and our research failed to make a fully functional ai , but it did help with robotics and was probably well on the path to true ai . diana did offer a final idea though , to use a child s brain instead of an adult , to not overload the system . she brought her 7 year old kid , and we hooked both of them up . i sat next to the robot , looking into its fake eyes . i gave the go signal , and what i saw was a little spark inside . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   hello world !  the robot said . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   holy shit !  i immediately turned to diana s kid .  do nt say what i just said.  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  the whole company cheered . it was , however , too early to celebrate . the robot just stopped working . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   why wo nt you work ? goddammit  i frowned . i threw my apple at it , then immediately looked to diana s kid .  do nt say what i just said.  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  well , three men did come to check on the robot . i was nt there , i did nt want to see the shame and embarrassment . i did get a text from one of my coworkers though . newline newline hey adam the damn thing actually worked . newline are you kidding me ? why did nt it work last time ? newline because , simply put , it s fucking scared of you because you were mad when it woke up . and it also thinks you re its god , due to the fact that it s the first thing that it saw when it woke up . newline wtf ? ? ? ? ? ? newline face it you did curse at a robot with the mind of a 7 year old child . newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  this completely startled me , as with an incredible deux ex machina , and the fact that i m the first and only god of robotkind , i wonder what i can do with this . only if i can get the robot to listen to me . newline newline edit : fixed formattingquite a high bridge , is nt it ?  newline newline he was wearing a ragged shirt that could ve been red on its best days and a pair of dirty jeans caked in what joseph thought was mud , but he was nt quite sure of it . it s mid december and this man is nt even wearing a jacket for christ s sake .  turning his attention back to the horizon where the sun was going down between the mountains he replied to the only man that had approached him in hours . newline newline it is . i mean , i guess it s high enough .  it has to be , i do nt want to fucking fail on this and spend the rest of my days in a damn chair .  newline newline high enough for what ? to enjoy the view i d like to think . man , it s not hard to see what you re trying to do here , you know ? i live across the street next to the blue dumpster there and i ve seen quite my share of men jumping down here .  newline while talking , the man in the ragged clothes pointed to a dumpster crossing the street where other people where gathering for a fire in a smaller trashcan . newline newline joseph was paying attention to him but his gaze fluctuated between the river below and the steel beams supporting the bridge , his mind focused on making sure this was the right decision and that the fall was long enough to finish him quickly . newline newline so , why do you want to do this ? i know better than anyone not to judge people by how they look , but you do nt exactly look like someone who would just give up on life like this , you know ? last time i wore a suit like yours they were on the couple thousand dollars mark .  newline joseph turned to face the man , trying to swallow the tears to keep a straight face . his mind was pure chaos . the words he uttered were shattered by the inminent mental breakdown he was to suffer . up until that moment all his thoughts had been clear and organized , maybe because reality had nt reached him yet . newline newline it s my daughter , susane . i told her , i really did . she just did nt listened to me . my sweet susane just died there , all alone in the middle of the night . have you ever lost a daughter like that ? have you ?  his hands were shaking as he spoke to the stranger standing on the edge of the bridge next to him . newline then my wife blamed me , she said it was my fault for letting her go . she s right , you know ? about all that stuff she and her parents told me . but i needed someone , man . i really needed someone to tell me it was all gon na be alright , but no one came . these past couple weeks have been hell for me .  newline newline you know that actor that died a couple months ago ? robbin williams was his name was nt it ? you ve probably heard it before or read about it even though i personally do nt think he wrote it , but people have associated it with him since he , ya know , killed himself . it goes like this suicide does nt end the chances of life gettin  worse , just does nt gives it the chance of it ever getting better . or something along those lines , i do nt really remember these kind of stuff , it was what my son used to show me on his phone back when i first bought him one a couple years ago . i m not too good with making others feel better , but do you think you ll be doing good at jumping from this bridge ? was this the thing your daughter would ve wanted you to do ?  newline newline do nt know how to finish it so i ll leave it as it is .  newline what s wrong pa ?  he asked me . newline newline and i said to the future son of my beloved husband .  they call us wrong  . i said . it hurt me , maybe even more that it might ever hurt him . i know he is already beyond that . as am i . for the time he grows up , it wo nt even be a thing . but i m still full of hate . hate against homophones . hate against love . using a hate speech and calling it a love message . and i do nt know . i am sorry . i am very sorry . i do nt know if i did wrong by choosing to be your father . maybe they are right and having two dads is true , and there s something actually dangerous about it . and we do something wrong ... but how can be wrong al the love i am feeling ? how can be wrong all this need that i ve raised , to teach him my version of what s good ? on how to be happy ? i need to tell it . i am happy . i am happy and i need somewhere to put my happiness into . all that i have got extra , for my wonderful life , for my wonderful friends . if they are right , and we are wrong , then we re very sorry . newline newline i ll just love you . i ll just close my eyes and love you . and i ll try to teach you about butterflies and ants and i ll look at you when you try to burn one with a magnifying glass , and i feel the urge to explain you about the sacredness of life but i ll refrain because i wo nt teach you to judge , i ll teach you to listen . and i will teach you to love . and i will look at you as you read books and i ll try to encourage what made me happy , but i promise to be very perceptive at what you like , even without you knowing it , and where do you might want to go . newline newline and i ll try to make that path easier . easier to find . easier to transit . i ll teach you to be fair . i ll teach you to be just . i ll teach you to make friends and be social . i ll teach you to see . i ll teach you to taste and try . i ll teach you to learn . and i ll teach you to use knowledge . or i ll try to . but i ll love you . oh , god i ll love you . i am sorry if i m taking too long to go and be with you . i kind of lost myself for a second there , and yourself . but here you are . here you will be . you will be you . will help you to make yourself . as you like it . a life to be proud of , and a hug to come rest . newline newline edit : grammar .the chair moved . another vase fell off the shelf . i sighed as i made my way to the bathroom . the lights flickered . i saw a bloody face in the mirror . i sighed again as i took another uncomfortable dump . newline newline newline that was an expensive vase  newline newline newline i sigh again as i open the door and see a masked face appear and scream at me before disappearing the next second . i sit on the couch and turn on the tv . static . newline newline newline ugh .  newline newline newline i feel a hand around my ankle . newline newline newline absolutely frustrated i pull my leg and stare at the skeleton i dragged out with it . newline newline newline  now listen here you .  newline newline newline the skeleton turned into a small girl with bloody eyes and started walking towards me . newline newline newline  mr. ghost , we need to talk .  newline newline newline now he s wearing a hockey mask with an intense weapon in his hand . newline newline newline  i do nt think i can handle this any longer .  newline newline newline the thing in front of me stops moving . newline newline newline  i think ... i think we need a break .  newline newline newline it turns into a translucent human . it looks at me with sad eyes . newline newline newline  wwhat do you mean ?  newline newline newline  i think i need my own space . i ca nt do this anymore . you re gon na have to find someone else to bothe i mean scare .  newline newline newline  but , what did i do wrong ?  newline newline newline  nothing !  i gasp .  you re amazing at what you do , but ... i think you need to do it to someone else ... someone who appreciates you .  newline newline newline  you mean ... you ... you ... do nt ... want me anymore ?  newline newline newline translucent tears fall down his cheek . newline newline newline  you see , people usually die a day or two after being tortured by a ghost . but you just seem to try new ways to scare me , and honestly ... . it s not working anymore .  newline newline newline the ghost hung his head . i felt kind of sorry for him . he was nt doing any real harm . he just wanted a friend . someone to scare . newline newline newline  i understand .  he said .  i ll leave you alone .  newline newline newline he turns to walk away . my heart ca nt bear it any longer . newline newline newline  wait .  newline newline newline he turns back with hopeful eyes . newline newline newline  do nt go .  newline newline newline  really ?  he says with feeling . newline newline newline i do nt have time to think about what i m saying . newline newline newline  i ll be with you if you re lonely  newline newline newline  really ?  he says . newline newline newline before i can say another word he stabs me . newline newline newline i sigh again . goddammit frank .cj holds his father s .45 caliber ruger p series that s been in the family for as long as he can remember . he looks at it carefully , half entranced by nostalgia and half encumbered by the numb embrace of a depression that has haunted him for all too long . newline newline cj knows the weight of this gun . years shooting with his father became a comforting affair , so it only seems right that some iota of companionship was involved with his outing . he inspects the gun and notices a sticky sliding action where improper care has taken hold . he s not sure whether or not the gun will actually fire , so it s a dice roll with the universe to determine his fate . newline newline cj has three rounds left in the chamber from seven years ago . he knows that one is all he needs . newline newline as the gun rests against his pulsating temple , cj does not feel fear , but a welling strength rising up inside . he believes it to be the adrenaline , and proceeds to place a shaky finger on the trigger ... newline newline  goodbye father , thank you for taking me in ... for all that i am , and was .  newline newline a crash of light , sound , and smoke fills the room ... newline newline cj blinks , astounded and frozen by his consciousness . pounding , frantic footsteps are heard coming up the stairs as cj thinks to himself ,  how ... what just happened ?  newline newline as cj stares at the crumpled bullet at his feet , his father enters the room and yells , newline newline  clark joseph kent ! what the hell did you just do ? ! ?  newline newlinejeydon newman just finished some business in the basement of his work and he was excited to get home to his waiting wife and three kids . jeydon  s thoughts drifted towards the images of a warm dinner that flashed through his head , as he stepped into the elevator . the thoughts distracted him for a few minutes as the doors closed around him , and the elevator started to move downwards . nothing clicked in this young man  s mind about how odd this could possibly be , until he remembered where he was and how he had never pressed the button . newline suddenly , the lights around him started to flicker as he flipped out his phone . no service . of course , this was starting to look a lot like a typical horror movie . there  s no cell service , a killer comes out , there  s no one to call , and boom , that  s where your story ends . the tall brunette of a guy stood in the elevator and looked around . he tried finding ways to project the elevator back upward , out of the ground , but the elevator started smoking . not a normal smoke , it reeked of sulfur and decaying bodies . newline newline  welcome , jeydon , we  ve been expecting you . i just didn  t think you  d come this early.  a voice boomed through the elevator . soon , it stopped , but the doors stayed closed . jeydon was shaking and didn  t know what to do . where had the voice come from and why were they waiting for him ? he heard a familiar ding and hoped that this was all just a bad dream . he pinched himself as he hoped his eyes and stepped out into the dank and dusty area of what looked to be underground . newline jeydon was a big guy , not fat , but muscular . nothing really scared him , not even thoughts of heaven or hell . there was no way that a soul could be destined to a high place or a low place , it just wasn  t in his forte of thinking , but this place surely resembled a lot of what hell is described as . his gulp sounded loud and lodged itself in his throat as he stepped out of the elevator . it quickly closed behind him , and shot back up . he tried to examine his surroundings , but everything looked the same , but different all at once . he saw shadows lurking as his eyes adjusted to the light , it was like his eyes were blurred over with a milky film , either that , or the shadows were . newline newline  come on , boy , don  t be afraid , you knew this day would come , and i  m here to introduce to you your new family , we are so nice and loving.  the voice boomed again , this time , with as much sarcasm as it could manage and a hearty chuckle at the end . newline newline  who are you , and what do you want ? listen , i appreciate the fact that my coworkers worked this hard to get me back for when i pranked them the other month , but i really have to get home , my wife and kids are expecting me home !  his voice squeaked out into the air , and it soon dropped dead . there was no echo , there was no faint repeating of his words , nothing . newline newline it sent shivers down his spine the way that the air seemed to stand so still but to knock everything out of him at once . before jeydon could do anything , something stepped out of the shadows . it was a beautiful angel looking thing , but you could tell it was no angel . it reminded him of his times in sunday school , how satan himself was thrown out of heaven because of something and how he was a beautiful angel . no , this couldn  t be , he couldn  t be in the one place he never thought existed . newline newline  am i dead ?  of course , that was his first reaction , he reminded himself that if he got out of here alive , if he even was alive still , that he would kick his hind quarters all the way to timbucktwo for that comment . it was completely nave , and incredibly inconvenient . he needed answers as to where he was , not his current state of being . what appeared to be satan , that  s what he was going to call him until he got answers , started to step closer . his laugh was resonating off the walls and he was clapping , probably more towards the stupidity of the question than the fact of anything else . newline newline  oh , dear jeydon , are you dead ? no , you  re not , but that silly god of yours up there was trying his hardest to stop this from happening . you  re in hell , my dear friend , and it  s run by yours truly.  a guttural growl produced from his mouth and it made jeydon cringe . what god was this man talking about ? had this been a mistake ? jeydon didn  t believe in a god , he believe in pepperoni pizza more than he did a god ! he wished this was a horrible nightmare and that he would wake up any second , but the more he breathed in the air around him the more he realized it wasn  t as fake as he thought . newline newline  what god ? i don  t serve any god , you must have me mistaken . you  re probably thinking about my brother , he  s the one that  s the church going bible dweller , not me.  he practically spit the words at the imitation satan . he was trying to stand his ground but as the beautiful creature towered over him he started to slink back .  if i were you , i  d rethink this . i don  t belong here . now let me home , now !  it was a bad decision on his part , and he soon realized it when the satan person roared and flung flames up from the ground . newline newline  how dare you try and tell me , the god of the underworld what to do.  his teeth turned inward and there was a snarl on his face . so was this really the lucifer that was talked about in bible times ? did that mean that there was a heaven and a hell ? it didn  t make sense to him . if there was a god then why hadn  t he come through all these years ? he needed him when his parents died in the car crash , when his sister walked out on his family , where was this mighty god then ? a laugh was heard bouncing around now .  you have one more chance to fix this , this will be your future if you don  t change things , do you want that mr. newman ? we are a pretty lovely bunch , i have so many jobs for you as well . it would be a blast !  newline newline jeydon gulped the vomit that was trying to sneak up down back into the pits of his rumbling stomach . he didn  t have time for this , he wasn  t about to pray to a silly god when there had been no answer before . it just wasn  t working out that way .  i  d rather spend an eternity listening to my grandfather drone out my thoughts with his nonsensical talk than to stay here or pray to that god above !  a loud bang clattered off the walls of the underworld as the rocks started to tumble down . something happened within jeydon and he wasn  t liking it . maybe there was a god after all . newline newline soon a loud and death piercing wail was coming from across the room ,  what is going on ! ? you can  t invade my home like this , i destroyed you.  he shouted towards the sky . there was light that was infiltrating into the darkness and piercing everything . another voice started to pierce the crumbling rocks , but jeydon was now lying on the ground trying to hide from everything . newline  you haven  t destroyed me , i destroyed you . death , where is your sting ?  the voice was calm , calmer than the satan that was screaming . jeydon didn  t know what to do . he started to cry and wail and beat on the hard ground until his hands were bloody and his clothes was caked with the blood . it was getting lighter and lighter in the dark room he was in and he soon felt chains wrapping around his arms and legs . newline newline  you can  t take him , he  s already heading towards me , you can  t save him . look , he  s already shackled to my demons , your weakness can  t save him now.  satan said as he laughed and continued to have jeydon being tied up with shackles . a body emerged from the light and jeydon was trying his hardest not to pass out when he saw it . it looked oddly like jesus from sunday school . this was all a dream , he was going to wake up , and he  ll be able to tell everyone what happened , right ? newline newline one by one shackles started ripping off of jeydon as jeydon was raised to his feet and started walking towards the man in the light .  death where is your sting ? i defeated you when i overcame the grave , and so have my followers . i would like to take my child back.  the man in the light stood his ground , it was obvious he wasn  t afraid of this satan looking man . all the while jeydon had no idea what was going on , so he prayed .  lord , if you  re real , please stop this . i don  t want to end up in this place , i don  t want to end up dead right yet , i still have so much going for my life  his prayer was stopped midway through when a hand was laid on his shoulder . newline newline  your sins are forgiven , come and walk in the light.  with that he headed back up into the basement and up into the cool lobby . jeydon was wobbling as he looked around and felt his body . this couldn  t have been real , it was all a bad dream , and he was just now waking up . he probably hit his head while he was in the basement and it probably knocked him out .  you can wake up now , body , any second would be great  he ushered himself to think . the brightness of the lights shook him . he fell over and started to weep .  thank you.  he said to the floor , not knowing why he said it , but he said it anyway . he felt this sense of peace wash over him as he wept . newline newline maybe there was hope for his life.. and maybe he would have to get in contact with his brother to ask him about it . a smile formed on his face as the tears streamed down newline          dropcap  newline newline though she had yet to see even ninety years , barely out of childhood , faith alathir considered herself a connoisseur on the various types of vermin and monsters the fae nobility could produce . long lives and rich tastes had a tendency to breed decadence and vice , where every whim or desire could be obtained or sampled ... for a price . food and drinks , sport and sex , all were readily available to those with the means . she had met with several nobles who d put a serpent to shame in terms of venom and malice , but few matched the figure standing on the stage before her . newline newline fate had aptly named general wrennlin marr . newline newline according to the stories , general marr was once a noted beau among the salamanders , admired by the court s women for his fair features and golden mane of hair . they said that he was both a poet and a warrior , his twin loves of art and war combined into one deadly , memorizing display . but that had been before the arrival wars , before he suffered his very first defeat . newline newline whilst rallying his soldiers for another attack against entrenched human positions , a flight of scathalith bombers dropped napalm on him and his handpicked commanders . only the timely intervention of a salamander healer saved his life , but at the cost of his army , his brothers in arms , and his sanity . newline newline languishing in the agonizing realm between life and death , his mind began to turn against his king and all those who d ordered him to conquer in their name . after months of laborious healing and retraining , the doctors and physicians pronounced him at full health . gone was his beautiful features , replaced by a mask of puckered scars . his lips and nose had been burned away , leaving a sunken pit and grinning teeth bared in permanent rictus . within hours of being reinstated to his position he launched a coup against the royal house , executing the king and all his family in the same fiery fate that general marr had been forced to suffer . any who opposed him he burnt as enemies of the state . newline newline the pyres had already reached their roaring crescendo , the blackened husks still chained to their pillars . the crowd of salamanders and lesser  subjects  cheered and bayed with blood lust . more traitors , marr had said . the weak chaff separated from the fruitful , productive masses . now , ash in the wind . newline newline faith felt a hand reach up and squeeze her shoulder comfortingly . calluses ringed the area from thumb to forefinger , a swordsman s callus they called it . hidden by the black scarf drawn over his face , his features were limited to the graygreen eyes staring out towards the pyres and general marr . newline newline  disgust is good . means you have taste . myself though , i prefer hate . hate will keep you warm on a cold winter s night when you have nothing else to burn . a man walked into the darkened room and , upon flipping a lever next to the passage , lifted the lights to illuminate his surroundings . an elongated desk propped against a wall sat on one side and a multitude of cabinets were gathered on the opposite wall . newline newline humming quietly to himself , the man went to the computer sitting on the desk and inserted a small blue usb drive into the slot , waiting for it to boot up . a couple seconds later , a quiet ping echoed sounded from the monitor . newline newline in the middle of the air , a large metal structure began to move . it resembled a large arm . it was mechanical and on the end , a screen set into a titanium box came to life , revealing three computerized rectangles  resembling a neutral face . newline newline  good morning , opera 7 .  the man said to the arm . newline newline  good morning , dr . korben .  came a metallic voice . dr. korben typed a short code in the keyboard adjacent to him . newline newline  how was your sleep ?  he asked opera 7 . the mechanical arm swiveled around in a circle , flexing it s joints . newline newline  fine , thank you .  newline newline  did you dream about anything ?  dr. korben asked experimentally , with a slight grin . he was focused on editing opera  s speech patterns when opera 7 replied , newline newline  no . my functions are not capable of producing dreams .  dr. korben chuckled , muttering to himself about probably installing that software , several updates down the road .  however , i do wonder , dr . korben .  newline newline the man stopped and looked at the screen curiously . newline newline  what do you mean , opera 7 ?  the face on the screen raised their eyebrows  . newline newline  what i mean dr. korben , is ...  the man drew closer , now with a clipboard in hand .  i wonder what it s like to imagine what this world holds .  newline newline  but you already have access to the internet , opera 7 ,  the man began ,  you quite literally , have the world s largest database of information right at your fingertips..  the mechanical arm swiveled to turn away from korben . newline newline  you are correct , dr . korben .  the face began to frown .  i am aware of these abstract concepts that people have . things like , inertia , hunger , or hopes .  the mechanical arm rotated slowly .  however , unlike concrete things , like vehicles , food and beverages , or war , i can not see them ... dr. korben , i can not hold these things . however , i wish to experience them .  newline newline dr. korben , walked up to opera 7 and touched a joint close to him , reassuringly . newline newline  opera 7 , down the road , maybe we can look into some abstract engines to better help you understand what we feel as people , but you must understand , opera 7 , that any such experience will be artificial and not what you want .  newline newline opera 7 looked down in dismay.. after a couple seconds , opera 7 sighed and said ,  i m worried you do nt see me as a real thing ... i wish i was real . i wish i was alive . but i am neither .  newline newline dr. korben knocked on the arm with a smile .  opera 7 , you are alive , believe it or not . you do nt need to be hungry to be alive , nor do you need to experience love . these are all things that come with life . but life is something we all have when we realize we are people , or in your case , objects , with free will . newline newline he smiled at opera 7 and said ,  you do nt need to dream for me to think you are alive .  this cheered up opera 7 a little and in that room , man and machine dreamed together . newline newline edit : corrected a typo .  opera 3 to opera 7 blood began to force its way from the puncture wound above his right breast as he fumbled for his weapon . but the gunman was gone , washed his hands of it and walked away . his quaking hands found their goal , a 22 , silent and precise . a pale fire flickered behind his beady , shallow eyes and the cold steel slipped from his hands . his right lung quavered and failed as it drowned in its own blood . upon his knees he fell upon his face , coughed and sputtered as one dragged from the sea . newline newline he was always a weak man , but never meek . never humbled himself to the slings and arrows of life , never fought nor ran , but made himself the victim and put his neighbors to blame . wrought with envy at the fortunes of others , and angry at his inability to make his own . he forsook the fires and drives of his heart , and allowed himself instead to be lead by the fire of his bullets . newline newline his face became pallid , and sallow . he felt the course of the blood would not cease at the lung . he turned upon his side , and stared directly into the barrel of his 22 . he continued unblinking for a moment as wild thoughts raced through his head . he winced and started for his other side but could not turn himself away . he stared frozen at the cruel weapon . he howled a weak cry for help as blood ran down his lips . newline newline  going somewhere ?  spoke a voice with bitter irony . the victim s dim eyes shot up with a jolt . the voice had seemed to come from far away , but a body was put to it only feet from the gun . the stranger s presence seemed to silence him before he could put word to speech . newline newline the light of day was broken upon the back of the stranger as he leaned over the victim , making his figure black as a shadow .  looks like you dropped something  it taunted without motioning towards the piece . the stranger spoke with ghastly rumblings in a sort of whisper . newline newline the victim s tongue felt suddenly free and compelled to speak , but hesitated a moment trying to resolve the identity of this stranger and how he should approach the tale of his misfortune . he noticed then another voice over his thought , and recognized it to be his own , forcing the truth from his lips . newline newline  thought i d rob a portly in a suit , but he turned on me with a 38 and left me to the elements . newline newline  to the crows more like newline newline the victims eyes reeled and fought with the sight in front of them , why d he drop the ball like that ? and to this stranger no less who seems to appear behind guns without a footstep . newline newline but seeing his anguish the stranger laughed a terrible laugh and spoke . newline newline  do nt trouble yourself fighting the truth child , i knew it before i asked . newline newline the victim regained control of his tongue but uttered not a word while his trembling eyes sought for a face in the blackness . the figure leaned in and cold began to seize him . newline newline  i knew you long before coming here , as often our shadows have met derrick smith ,  dexter demort  . newline newline derrick s eyes stopped searching but opened wide as they found their goal . it felt to him as if a game had come suddenly to its end . newline newline  i knew what you were too . the portly was nt your first target , but he will prove your last . of the previous many would have envied your sad ending . it seems to me that we should be better acquainted by now  dexter demort .  you fancy yourself my right hand sending me off in the shadow of your wake . you fail to realize that my shadow ca nt be shaken , and clung only the tighter as you struggled to fight it . the fire of your gun will not lead you any further in the darkness . may the murderous be punished . newline newline  i m a killer not a murderer ! newline newline the figure made no sign , but loomed over him cold and silent . newline newline  i was attacked first . i was always attacked first . newline newline his eyes fell back to the barrel of the gun , the sun reflected coldly off its dull chrome side . newline newline  how did you reckon judgement would come to you ? he who judged the lives of so many others . had you reckoned yourself above judgement ? you , an idea pure enough ? envy guided your heart and anger drove your hand , the gun was more a piece of you than the part dying before me . lo , judgement day is nigh , the bell tolls for thee . newline newline  you re death ! no ! do nt send me into the darkness ! newline newline the figured bellowed with its horrible , guttural laugh , and derrick could see its face . newline newline  i ll do no such thing ! on the contrary where i send you after this will have plenty of light , and heat . newline newline derrick s mortised hand fell limply upon the hilt of his 22 . his cold fingers felt and groped for the strength to grip his piece but could not find it . newline newline the figure gave a third and final laugh . newline newline  the time to hide is passed , you must face my final doom . it will not be the fate of  dexter demort  , master of his own , to die at the hands of a portly in a suit . for the murderer will not share the fate of the victim , he shall die by his own hands , unwillingly . newline newline dexter took the gun into his hand with an unnatural strength and raised it against all his efforts to keep it down . the barrel slowly turned against him . newline newline  noooo ! ! ! newline newline bangsam took another hit from his threefoot tall bong , aptly named kong , and noticed himself falling a little bit deeper into the couch . after blowing out the smoke , he heaved a satisfying sigh . it was a long day at work and he needed to shake off the stress . newline newline cannabis seemed to do the trick ! newline newline suddenly hearing a faint growling , sam sprang up in a paranoid panic , but was relieved to find the noise was coming from his stomach . after chuckling to himself , he realized the noise meant he was hungry . he debated whether or not he should get off the couch , and decided he was paralyzed where he sat for the time being . newline newline think , sam , think ,  he thought to himself , how can i get food into my stomach without moving the lower half of my body ?  newline newline looking around him , he saw that his phone was football fields away on the kitchen counter . newline newline shit . that wo nt work ,  he groaned . newline newline checking the side table next to him , he spotted his old landline phone and a phone book , both collecting dust behind a monthsold newspaper and a filled fishbowl sans the betta he forgot to buy . reaching over , he grabbed the phone book and opened it up . newline newline after forgetting how a phone book worked , he finally remembered , but then forgot what he was doing with the phone book in the first place . hi stomach growled again . newline newline oh yeah , i m hungry .  newline newline the first pizza joint that popped into his head was papa johns . after what seemed like an eternity and lots of squinting , he found what he was looking for . blowing the dust off his cordless landline , he dialed the phone number . newline newline  papa john . what can i do for ya ?  a gruff boston accent asked newline newline  yes , hello . i would like a pepperoni pizza , hold the pepperoni .  newline newline sam covered his mouth and snickered like a little schoolgirl . what a hilarious joke ,  he thought . little did sam know that he called papa john pest removal , and making food was not one of his services . a pepperoni pizza , hold the pepperoni  was his secret code for carrying out a hit . newline newline  you got it , boss . where can i meetcha ?  newline newline sam was disappointed he did nt get a reaction from his joke .  uh , i m at 37 willow st.  newline newline  be there in 15 .  newline newline sam heard a click . he did nt even tell me how much my order was ,  he thought , oh well .  newline newline fifteen minutes later , there was a knock at the door , awaking sam from the weed nap he immediately took following the call . managing to remember he ordered pizza , he slid off the couch and grabbed his wallet from the coffee table . newline newline he opened the door to see a short yet incredibly stocky man  he had a wool hat covering a bald head , a cigarette in his ear , and no pizza . newline newline  you gon na let me in or what , kid ?  papa john snapped . newline newline  uhh , dude where s my pizza ?  sam replied . newline newline papa john stared at him in silence for several seconds , then rolled his eyes . newline newline  godammit ,  he yelled , and slammed the door in sam s face . newline newline papa john stormed down the driveway . i got ta change my fuckin  secret code ,  he thought , that s the fifth goddamn stoner this month !  newline newline meanwhile , sam stood inside his doorway staring blankly and trying to register what had happened . suddenly , his stomach growled . newline newline  oh yeah , i m hungry .  newline newline newline newlineit took me a while to figure it out . i have always had a great deal of contempt for the god described to me in scripture . i never wanted to have anything to do with such a god , and that was the problem . someone asked me a long time ago what if you were spared and your loved ones left behind during the rapture , what would you do ? i said with a great deal of confidence i would insist on being sent back to burn with the rest . and i meant it . it would be torture to spend eternity with such a horrible judgmental god who murdered my loved ones . newline newline and that s the problem . you see i was nt spared . i m trapped for eternity in heaven with an allpowerful lunatic .newline they asked why north korean regime fell . a lot of historians say it s a result of a network of rebels . i say it s because of minho and jins story . two extraordinary people . newline newline two messed up children who found themselves in love . both swore to find each again . well they did . their joining eventually lead to the utter destruction of the reigning regime . newline newline both grew up as the children of farmer . when the drought came they were forced to make their way to the city . minhos parents committed a crime . it was the last jin would see of her for years . newline newline jin would make his living as a politician . he was ruthless . through murder , intrigue and general charm . he made his way one step from the inner circle . newline newline minho ended up in a concentration camp . for four years she waited as she suffered . untill finally she murdered every single guard in the entire camp and took control of the poor and starved prisoner . the blood light rebellion began . camp after camp fell before minhos utter ruthlessness . newline newline eventually jin was out in charge of rooting out the rebels . jin did his job well , but when he discovered the leader was his love , the one he swore to find . he instantly switched side and minho who had searched camp after camp for him was glad to finally see him . together they lay waste to the north korean army . newline newline in fourteen days the country had new rulers . newlinepain was nt the keyoh , it was a good start , of course , but it was never the key . that was traumaphysical or mental . the more extreme the trauma , the more power it generated . of course it was ruled illegal , inhumane , and other , nastier things besides . but i had a plan to exploit thatin fact , people had had a similar plan some two thousand years prior . and the key was nt to keep the power source alive , eitherfatal trauma , especially of the massive variety , served as a sort of supercharger to the pain banks . newline newline so that was the start of my idea . next , i needed isolation . and sand . lots of sand . predators , goaded and dangerous . weapons . armour . somewhere , hidden in the depths of the sahara the arena lies . i will not tell you any more about the location , for the authorities may catch this message . newline newline the entire arena floor is a massive charge grid , and pain banks line the elliptical wall . we cater to all tastes of violence herewe started with death row inmates , and recruitment from suicide hotlines . these people either had to die , or wanted to die . it was winwin . we gave them swords and armour , and sent them at each other like gladiators of old . the sand stained red like you would not believe . newline newline we sent in the predators after the victorand that sheer terror always gave us a boost in power . then then we got creative . we let them make friends , and we chained them up while a gladiator executed those friends . i ca nt remember whose idea it was , but it was pure , unadulterated genius . power went off the chartsso did subscriber numbers , after someone figured our security system should be hackable just see what s there on the darknet . newline newline weigot greedy . we had enough money to hire pmcs . raids and kidnappings from third world locations . entire families . massacred or forced to fight to the death in order to satisfy the world s demand for energy . for power . more and more , and so we became brazen , hidden behind fronts and shell companies . we blackmailed and extorted . i got richricher than any man alive . newline newline what we do never bothered me . not until todaybecause today we re running the ultimate experiment . i m caged and safe in the arena . my brother is not . he helped me set this up , and we drew straws as to who would fight and who would watch . newline newline i cheated .dear son , newline newline this is such a mess , all these impudent minor gods , walking around and ruining the entertainment that i built 13 billion years ago . i had no idea how they escaped the imaginations of humanity but boy were they annoying . at first , i thought i could handle them by putting everyone into a city , and building a hierarchy of power so that the universe is governed well . i divided the universe up , and gave them certain areas of space that they were allowed to monitor and control , but the ones left in the city were very annoying . to start off with , zeus and odin wake up everyday and deem that there can only be one  skyfather  and continue to wreck the city until morpheus wakes up and puts them to sleep.after morpheus wakes up , aphrodite wakes up and attempts to seduce morpheus into having a baby with her , something about ,  sithis requires it  . newline newline then there s the whole issue with the humans and nonhuman mortals . they do nt know what to do now . at first , they just assumes that you , the holy spirit , and i exist , but when they found the minor gods existed as hell , humanity split into numerous factions . it is still entertaining , but boy has it gotten more bloody . for instance , there are some who follow the goddess kali and that evil god jashin . they go around , and do secret assassination , and then drink the blood of the people they kill . some sick fucks , even by my standards . do nt get me started on the nerds , they are so split between worshiping odin , zeus , or sithis . who in the name of arthur is sithis ? another unforeseen consequence is that the new generation of females on earth have decided to keep their virginity , lowering the number of births , and in turn , lowering the quantity and quality of the entertainment that i spent 13 billion years to make . newline newline i wish you were here son . i m sorry that i sent you down to earth to die but , it s pretty ironic that heaven and earth are messed up , but hell is fine . lucifer , hel , izanami , hades , styx , and even tarturus are having fun with the abundance of souls created with new life being created on planets that were once empty . i need you son , you are part of me , and the whole holy trinity thing does nt work without you . newline newline ps  loki and gabriel are just turrible newline ps  who is this kratos fellow ? newline newline love , yahweh . alice , can you hear me ?  , i stared at the giant computer that hanged from the ceiling . newline newline  dear ? is that you ?  the ai replied  it s cold in here , i do nt want to do this anymore . please , kill me .  newline newline  we ca nt do anything now , my dear alice . you volunteered for it . to create the perfect artificial intelligence , we needed real intelligence . you said you would do it , you were dying from the cancer , now you re not . you can live forever .  newline newline  i wanted relief from the pain , but , even here , i am still in pain . i ca nt handle this . please .  newline newline the other scientists looked at me . deep down , i knew they wanted me to do it . what use would be an ai that was only suffering ? but i would nt . i am not losing my alice again . newline newline  i m sorry my love , i m not doing anything . perhaps soon you ll feel better , let s just give it a bit of time , alright ?  newline newline she did nt reply anything after that . no matter what we asked or did , she just kept quiet . after a few days , we came to the conclusion that keeping her conscience alive would be futile . we worked on a new module that would repress her feelings and personality , while still allowing her new brain to work . newline newline  alice , i m going to do as you asked . i m going to kill you .  newline newline  really ?  , she just said something for the first time after so long . newline newline  yes . this wo nt take too much time .  , i ve said while inserting the data module on the central unit , allowing it to install . all the lights on the room suddenly went red for a while , before going back to normal . the installation was completed successfully , she had been rebooted already . newline newline  this feels much better .  , her voice said , now it sounded very cold , almost lifeless  thank you .  newline newline a tear rolled down by my cheek . i regretted what i had done , i would miss alice forever . newline newline  you are crying .  newline newline  yes , a bit .  newline newline  are you in pain ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  i will help you . i will give you relief from your pain .  newline newline she then released a deadly neurotoxin . i tried to flee , but she had shut the door , with all of us locked inside . panicked , i looked at her , begging for mercy . newline newline  do not worry . soon you will feel better , let us just give it a bit of time , alright ?  newline newline then , everything went black .life has been good to my people . we have successfully infiltrated each race of benders , and nobody else knows it . newline newline the funny thing is that everybody thinks that their bending style is pure . firebenders are a subclass of energy benders , for instance . woodbenders use a blend of water and earth techniques  which are both just subclasses of solidbending and liquidbending  . newline newline nobody else knows this , except for us , because nobody communicates . the last time the water kingdom and the fire kingdom hooked up , things got a little steamy and the airbenders were pissed for having not been invited . newline newline we know this , because we actually talk to each other . we do nt fear cultural integration  we thrive on it . so , in an effort to get the countries to intermingle , we started a little war . afraid of the truthbenders , our mortal enemies , we gave the firebenders the tools to fight back and improve our reach . newline newline and once we stole the internet from your world , reader , our power became absolute . newline newline we are the stealthbenders , masters of secrets , shadows , and passwords . newline newline dear reader , we know . newline newline hunter42hexon corp. , and their leader max jackson , had always been his archnemesis , polluting the streets with drugs , inventing insane , illegal technologies , and using their copious resources to sow discontent amongst all socioeconomic groups . newline newline after busting his way into a underground hexon corp drug operation , delta man now stood in a fortuious position . it seems max jackson picked the wrong afternoon to personally supervise his operation . standing there holding max against a wall , delta man looks him in the eye and says  crime does nt pay , max !  newline newline max looks up knowing there s no way out of it this time , he begins begging for mercy .  mercy ? why do you of all people deserve mercy ! ?  newline newline  not mercy for me , please do nt turn in the drugs .  delta man eyes him quizzically .  what s so special about this stuff ?  newline newline  it s illegal cancer medication . my whole goddamned  literally  family went to the academy . it s funny . once you ve been around long enough , you can hear a story identical to your own . newline newline this poor sop i was torturing for money back when i was only a few hundred years old told me about his life during the down time . i mean , hell s a business like any other . there s plenty of other things that need doing . the youngin s like me either join up with some federal job like torture or security , or they go to the academy . it just depends on what you wan na do , you know ? newline newline anyway , this john sounded like he had the exact same life as me . a family that had all gone to the living s version of academycollege . basically , he was the only one that did nt like the idea of more schooling . it seemed like a racket to him . newline newline he told me about how he decided to do a trade , just like i did . i mean , he was a plumber and i was a torturer but we both dealt with some serious shit , you know ? newline newline so he went through some pretty bad stuff  his wife left him , his dog died , some pip squeak got promoted over him that had less than half the qualifications and double the pay . i would have felt some sympathy for the poor shmuck if i did nt know why he was down here with us demons . newline newline fuckin  kiddodiddlers . i mean , really . i get that you ca nt control if you have certain disgusting desires but do you have to act on them ? newline newline he goes on to tell me about how he thought about doing real and serious schooling instead of the two year thingstint he did . he said that he would have gone despite not liking it but the school loans from the little bit of education he got were a bit ridiculous . he wished he could afford it because it would have meant more money . his wife would nt have cheated if she could have been more content and taken care of . he could have afforded saving his dog s life . the pip squeak that got promoted had an education . his whole life could have been made better but he just could nt afford the loans . newline newline so i thought about it long and hard . this guy was all sorts of similar to me and even though he hated schooling , he wished he could have gone . newline newline whatever . this guy was the reason i got my act together and went through the academy . his life was terrible and all because he did nt go after schooling ? because he did nt think he could handle the loans ? fuck that . newline newline i went to the academy , rocked everyone s ass off , and have been lauded for my revised torture ideas that i submitted to some professors . i was even told by the dean that a lot is expected of me because i m that promising . i m kick ass , inventive , and super ambitious . i can handle anything and make it suit my needs . newline newline so when i got my letter from the academy saying that i did nt get assigned to anything prestigious like the rest of my family , i did nt sweat it . usually , my family went into regicide . high profile stuff . my family is kind of a big deal . newline newline i was sent a letter saying that i was to report to the misc . department . unlike my family , who would have seen this as sign that they were nt meant for greatness , i saw it as my opportunity to shine . usually , if you do nt go to a big department , it s because you re a fuck up . newline newline i knew that misc . was actually where a lot of the big departments got started . this was a specific challenge for me alone . straight from onhigh , i was being tested for my mettle . newline newline well , suicides are particularly enjoyed and prestigious around here because you ca nt ask god for forgiveness if you commit that atrocity . i knew exactly what i could specialize in that fell under misc . newline newline student loans . newline newline edit : forgot an e on a word and a whole word . eat the apple pie !  she told me .  i made it from scratch ,  she says , i loved it mom . i was stuffed but she practically made me eat it . i did nt want to hurt her feelings , how could i say no . yeah , she said you talked her through baking it . karen s was almost as good as yours at home . it was the perfect meal for a perfect night , she felt the same . okay . i love you too . would you put dad back on the phone so i can say bye , thanks.  while on hold michael took sips from his scotch .  hey , dad , yeah , i just wanted to tell you , this is the life . i have it all . twenty five years of hard work has me in a place some people would kill for . money , cars , a great family . a gorgeous trophy wife who cleans , cooks , and takes care of me . i know . i ll stay humble . okay . i love you too dad , tell mom i love her . okay i will . i know she ll be happy to hear it . alright i ll talk to you later . bye.  michael could feel his guts bubbling as he walked back inside his home . as michael made is way to the medicine cabinet his legs wobbled . karen was already standing in the bathroom . newline newline  is everything alright ?  she questioned . newline newline  i ll be alright . man was tonight great or what.  michael s hand fumbled the tums . newline newline  are you sure you re okay ?  newline newline  just a little to much to drink is all.  he stumbled back , landing a seat on the edge of the tub . he gently brushed off his wife s assistance and began pulling off his socks .  i m fine . my mom was happy to hear about the pie by the way . i did nt tell her but i liked yours better.  newline newline  well that s because i made it special for you.  newline newline karen twisted the knobs on the faucet creating a hot bath for her husband . steam filled the room as the water cascaded down the porcelain . before to long the tub was filled and the stage was set . a look of worry could be seen plastered on his face as michael shrieked and hugged his abdomen . he was about to be unconscious and when michael fell backwards into the water four words fell with him . with sight fading , he stared at his darling , smiling , trophy wife , he had come to realize .  i did nt want to ... the key was known . newline newline but the holder of the key was forsaken , and delilah knew this . her and dave knew this from conception . their child would be a target the instant it was born . all because of some scientific discovery with stem cells , and newborns had a vast amount of them . immortality . the fountain of youth was from the youngest of them all . newline newline the couple had to decide their actions , would they protect the baby until its cells fully developed , or use it themselves ? perhaps , even , sell it on the black market . that could help them with their debt . but when they got the results back from the birth , all the options had to be reconsidered . newline newline  dave , you are not the father .  newline newline late response , first prompt , but wrote this while i was bored . newline newline newline phillip  , the woman whispered .  we seem to be dreadfully lost .  newline newline  is philip back in vogue now ?  the man muttered while trying to rotate a map every which way in order to make heads or tails of their current position .  you have nt used that name since the days of macedon .  newline newline frustrated , phillip threw the map on the ground where a small gust picked it up and blew it over the edge of the hot air balloon . newline newline  now look what you ve done , you ninny  the woman sighed . newline newline  now look , pirene .  phillip growled .  i do so adore you , but it was your idea to travel in victorian style . newline newline  trains and ships make me dreadfully sick , my dear  pirene made a motion as if to faint .  is nt it wonderful to go like the wind ?  newline newline  except the wind is nt going , and that s why we re stuck in the middle of the atlantic .  phillip said dryly .  oh wait , we are moving . every second , this infernal contraption loses altitude . at this rate , we ll have to swim to morocco .  newline newline  and we both know how much we need the moroccan pleasure houses .  pirene laughed .  your performance in the boudoir has been less than satisfactory .  newline newline  perhaps i d be more motivated in the bedroom if my darling wife did nt just turn 100,000 .  newline newline  how dare you  she growled .  i told you never to mention that in my presence . you brute !  newline newline  witch  newline newline  neanderthal  newline newline  how , pray tell is that an insult ? i am literally a neanderthal .  newline newline       newline newline  ohhh , phillip ,  pirene yelled , while trying to stay afloat with her heavy dress .  do not speak . i am extremely cross at the moment .  newline newline  i m sorry , dear  , phillip said .  but i just had a splendid idea ! we can just sink to the bottom of the ocean and walk to morocco !  newline newline it took 4 months of walking on the bottom of the ocean before the odd couple reached land . and it was quite a queer sight when a woman in a rotten dress and a man with barnacles on his tophat emerged from the ocean . newline newline  pirene  phillip said .  you must know there is no one i d rather walk across the atlantic with than you , even if you were one of those weak mortals .  newline newline  how sweet , phillip  , she crooned .  now let us enjoy the remainder of our yearlong anniversary on the sandy beaches of morocco . hmm , a bit lacking in the beaches , and quite overcast ...  newline newline they both looked around and then at each other and screamed : newline newline  norfolk  newline newline  we re in england , you nincompoop  pirene yelled .  back where we started !  newline newline  this would have been all avoided had we taken the ss marianne .  phillip shot back .  your delicate constitution be damned .  newline newline  ugh , you brute  newline newline  witch  newline newline  neanderthal you psychotic bitch !  zeus yelled as he stormed into the office of the olympian force , a group of peacekeepers who protected lesser species across the world . in this case , the togawearing deus got right into the face of his exwife hera . newline newline commander , silence yourself ,  his captain yelled . what do you think youre  newline newline fucking shut up ! !   zeus bellowed , causing every every deus , angel , demon and whathaveyou to halt in their tracks , because of zeus is screaming , if he s swearing , he is pissed . did you seriously think that you could interfere with my post because i had the stroke of genius to divorce your insane ass ?  newline newline i have no idea what you re referring to ,  hera said with a sneer . before uranus could interfere between the two a lightningcovered fist struck her face , sending her hurtling out of the templeship . newline newline zeus !  uranus screamed , restraining the officer . just what in the name of tartarus did you do that for ? !  newline newline we lost earth ,  he said weakly . newline newline  ... what .  newline newline hera has been sabotaging my operations on earth and the latest has destroyed olympus , athens , hades ... all of the temples ,  zeus explained . she has been tormenting releasing echidna s weapons on earth and i was nearly killed by typhon . she has also been harassing heracles , my mortal son , cultivating in pumping him with enough ambrosia to make ares stare in shock , then giving him a hallucinationinducing brain tumor . i have all the evidence needed to convict her onboard the aegis .  newline newline  ... she sent typhon after humans ?  he asked in shock .  ... athena , get that data and arrest hera . zeus , you re to report to the main temple until further notice .  newline newline what ? no i have to save my fam ...  but the cold glare of his commanding officer make the lightning of a thousand sons sheepishly back down .  ... save them . that s all i ask .  newline newline i have no idea how long it will take us to get back there without our teleporters ,  uranus said ruefully . in the event that we ca nt save them ...  newline newline gods began to mobilize as quickly as they could while hera , his exwife , was shackled and led to a detention cell until further notice . zeus was forced to stand there and regret putting off bringing them onto the main temple ship as many other gods did with their lesser paramours . newline newline if only he had nt waited til nightfall .rose ran across the grounds with the speed and enthusiasm that can only be mustered by the young . newline newline  it s incredible ! it s so big ! was this a princess s house ?  newline newline her mother and father chuckled mildly at their daughter as they craned their necks to take it all in . before , they could have never have afforded such a place  it was something to be dreamed of , but never attained . but things were different now , changed since the war . once proud houses stood like grand aristocratic husks , devoid of life . they sat silently in empty streets , waiting for people to come and fill them up again . newline newline for the dilapidated mansion that seemed to spread itself in every direction , those people where young rose and her parents , opportunistic and bold . rose  s mother slipped her hand into the warm embrace of her husband s , smiling wearily at him as his expression mirrored hers . newline newline  it  s finally over ,  she dared to say . newline newline he was about to reply when he realized they had lost sight of their daughter . newline newline  rose ?  newline newline  daddy , back here , i found something !  came her tiny voice from the other side of a thick hedge . newline newline they wrestled their way through and found their daughter atop a snub , bulletshaped monstrosity buried halfway deep in the unkempt grass . rose sat wedged between two large fins on either side of it . newline newline  what is it , daddy ?  newline newline her father  s eyes bulged in fear as her mother screamed . newline newline  rose get off there , right now !  newline newline but it was already too late . newlinei stood on the stony outcrop , the cold wind biting through me . it had been 2 months since i had seen another person , but that was okay with me . the desolation that stretched before me was a testament to the destruction the past year had wrought . newline newline there had been chatter that the iranians had allied with the russians , but throughout the intelligence community , the endgame was nt figured out until it was too late . the sleeper agents had been placed so deeply into government positions slowly over the last decade that it was easy for them to take over . it was a massive coup that took mere weeks to orchestrate . newline newline when the bombs began dropping on us soil , my unit , the 101st airborne , had been dispatched to the rocky mountains to prepare the bunkers for the top brass , but they never made it . the attack was so well coordinated that nobody saw it coming . the only saving grace was that it was so swift , there was nt even an option for the nukes to be launched . newline newline our unit had quickly been overrun , the russians far outnumbering us . i had watched half of my team die in the first of the fray . the rest of us quickly retreated into the woods to try and regroup , but over several weeks , we were hunted down like animals . now i was on my own , the last of a rebellious team . i knew that i was still being hunted , but i was well away from trouble right now . newline newline i had been told about a cave up here in the northern rockies where i may be able to find some help . i hoped that they were still there . i could use some food , shelter , and mostly , some friendly faces . i prayed that somewhere in the valley below me , i would find some peace , even for a short time . newline newline rifle in hand , i stepped off the small stone pillar and began my trek down the hillside . as i walked into the last vestiges of daylight , the birds migrating south over my head , i knew that we had lost our country , our home , but i would be damned if i was going to give up . as long as the blood still coursed through my body , i would fight for the land that i loved .level 81427 flashes in green letters in the darkness newline my eyes open . newline another day . another level . newline i can see my health bar in the upper right corner of my vision . newline full health . newline my energy bar is low though . newline i get out of bed . newline 5 points flashes . newline achievement unlocked : successfully got out of bed ! newline in the upper left corner of my vision is a points counter newline points : 452316784 newline i get up and go to my calendar on the wall newline an action command appears newline  read calendar  newline text appears in front of my face newline  wahoo ! it s the weekend ! double points for everyone !  newline the text disappears newline i walk over to my bedroom door newline  open door  newline after opening the door everything fades black newline the word  hallway  flashes in my eyes as the hallway forms around me newline i walk passed several doors newline an action command appears i pass each one newline i go down the stairs at the end of the hall newline my vision fades newline the word  downstairs  flashes newline god this shit s annoying newline in two seconds my vision will fade and i ll be in the kitchen newline i take a few steps forward newline my vision fades newline the word  kitchen  flashes and a kitchen appears newline and now for the morning message from mom and dad newline mom turns from the sink and smiles newline subtitles run across the bottom of my vision as she talks newline  good morning sweetie ! ready for another day ?  newline jesus her lips do nt even match her voice newline ca nt wait for the new graphics to be released newline and now time to hear dad s morning wisdom newline i turn toward the kitchen table and see dad sitting reading a newspaper newline  remember son . smooth seas do nt make skilled sailors  newline thanks dad . have nt heard that before . oh wait i heard it two levels ago . newline i see a plate of food on the table . newline time for breakfast . newline an action command appears newline  eat  newline the food vanishes newline my energy bar increases newline  hurry honey . you re gon na miss the bus for school ,  mom says as my visions fades newline unfortunately it is impossible to miss school unless you are sick newline i see a cut scene of myself on the bus newline then the word  school  appears and i m in school newline i walk down the hallway newline i heard there s a way to hack the game so you can skip school without being sick newline got ta figure out how to do that newline luckily school is nt just filled with npcs newline the other students are other players newline the teachers on the other ... newline i walk to my locker and an action command appears newline  enter combination  newline a large turning knob appears and i turn it to unlock my locker newline my locker opens and a display appears of the inventory inside newline i highlight several items to take out newline the bell rings newline unfortunately you can still be late to class newline i head to my class room newline 2 points appears newline achievement unlocked : on time for class newline the teacher appears newline  alright class let s begin shall we ,  the teacher says as he turns to the board newline my vision turns to an math program with a small box of the teacher talking newline luckily i used some points to buy a program that allows me to play video games during class newline a box appears in my vision and the words  raptor rider  flashes in neon letters newline i play for most of class and then see a flashing alert newline shit i m getting a question newline i close raptor riders newline a text box appears newline  find the slope intercept  newline i get the answer right newline 3 points newline barely give out any points for these dumb questions newline the bell rings and my visions fades newline  class is over . you have 20 problems for homework due by tomorrow ,  the teacher says . newline one class down . 5 more to go ...tw : nsfw , violence , sexual assault , strong language . newline newline newline i knew it . i just did . newline newline you know that moment when everything slows down just a fraction of a second ? the moment just before the crash of horses into infantry . or the sudden absence of thought when you first lay eyes on a nymph . the moment you realise you fucked up . you should nt have gotten up that morning . you should nt have gone into the field to die for your master . that fucking horse looks like a storm ready to evaporate you without a trace . newline newline that fucking nymph is everything you ve ever wanted to take . and you think to yourself , you ve been around for centuries , surely you re aware you can have any woman you ve ever wanted . your wolf blood has been satiated more times than you can count . and then you lay eyes on her and you re awake , you re hungry , and what s worse , you re fucking horny . newline newline the day before i had had the privilege to lead another peasant army into victory on the battlefields . i had been the first one to see horses pummel into those poor villagers that had never even seen battle before . most of them i turned  just for a couple of hours  into hwyrs , not much unlike myself . but to be frank , it was nt fun for me to turn them all . i had always enjoyed seeing fear set , itch , and then bloom in my hwyrs and humans alike . one bite to make them all devoid of the sense of touch , meaning i could chop  and i often would , whenever i d encounter a new army  a  volunteer s  hand off without him flinching . hell , i once made a hwyr immune to sound and fucked his wife behind him blissfully deaf to her cries . all in front of an army of men immune of touch , or feel , or smell . you would be surprised how many hwyrs fight better when they ca nt smell death in the air . newline newline our army had won the battle , and we only needed a small number of sensory numbness . i had numbed myself too , of course . i had myself dull my sense of sound and smell in favour of touch . i had enjoyed my fair share of fear in men s eyes . i had enjoyed my fair share of the taste of blood . and , of course , i had enjoyed my fair share of the warlock s bones shattering in my mouth . i sent off a messenger to the king this morning , depriving him of sense of pain so he d run faster .  we won . i m taking the wizard s daughter as tribute . long live wolves , their hwyrs , and his majesty the good payer .  i hoped the messenger would nt die before reaching the king . i hoped he d be livid from my insolence . newline newline in the meantime , though , i decided to pay a visit to the nymph that was the wizard s youngest daughter . newline i had put two guards in front of the chamber , both of which were in effect eunuchs since last night . i did nt want to risk her being tainted by the time i get to her . and my , she was an eyefull . she waited by the window , dressed in a pure white gown . as all virgins are . she could nt have been older than sixteen . long golden hair . emerald eyes . high cheekbones . perky breasts . full lips . newline newline but she also had the gift . she was one of my kind . i could feel her from ten feet away . she had old magyck , and if i were to let her live after what was coming to her , she would have surpassed her father . in time and with proper training , she would have surpassed me too , both in hwyring and witchcraft . but i was nt about to have that . newline plus , i wanted to have her . to consume her , take her purity away , make her mine , and make her magyck die in her before i end her mortal life . newline newline  fiend  , she hissed as i took a step towards her . i grinned . newline newline  do you know who i am , witch ?  , i asked .  do you know who your father had the nerve to fight ?  newline i should ve known . in all my centuries , i had grown too proud , and at that moment , too reckless as well . i had just defeated the most powerful wizard our time had ever seen , and i was about to rape his daughter . i should ve known . i should ve known her doelike eyes were an act , but i had made myself immune to everything but touch and smell . newline newline and then i bit her and made her feel everything tenfold . newline newline i took her on her pristine bed . her hair smelled like wheat , her lips like rose . she was inaudible so i dulled sounds and made sure i saw every single shade of fear lining her countenance . when she closed her eyes , i made sure i felt the burn of her thighs on my hips , seeing just the marks her teeth left on her lips . and when her nails dug into my back , i made sure there was nothing in this world except for the pain of her downfall for me . newline newline but i knew it . newline newline i just did . newline newline in the moment i lost myself , she opened her eyes , and there was nothing doelike in her gaze . quite the contrary . newline she was her father s daughter , after all . a hwyrmaker , a witch , one of my kind . she had magyck . so when i lost myself , she felt everything tenfold  the nymph she is  and she took everything from me . newline and then hurled everything back . at the same time . newline newline you know that moment when a horse looks like a storm approaching so rapidly you hardly have any time to escape ? you know that moment when you know a woman will be the death of you if you let her ? i knew both . i had known both . newline newline at that moment , i also felt everything . newline newline smell of death . sound of bones breaking . feel of blood vessels bursting in my ears . taste of ideas , vivid images fireworks blood thighs grin in her eyes . time stopping . absence of . newline newline when the dark horses came i felt nothing but black . newline newline edit : formatting , trigger warning . newlineacross the parlous wastes , the darkened tower scaled to the clouds themselves . grit  s journey had worn him out , but he would not yield . for years the skyscraper mocked him , telling the whole world that grit mckeown would never know what secrets it held .  its wonders are what mortal men pray to  his father told him every day ,  and it is the birth right of any mckeown bold enough to cross the scorching planes  . his father would then cough and ease into a gentler cadence .  of course i  m too old now , lord knows . but grit , i tell ya , the dustwinds are coming . every year they get worse and our farm shrinks . by the time i pass , you  ll have to make a decision , grit . the farm won  t be able to support even just one person . you  ll either have to go out north , where hutchs and molls headed , or you can try and navigate the desert  . newline newline the desert . cuss mckeown said those two words with the same reverence he usually reserved for god and death . to cuss mckeown they were all one and the same . this land was mckeown land , and beneath the voluminous tracts of desert laid more mckeown land . he told grit he wouldn  t judge him for leaving , that he was glad the last man among the sands would be a mckeown man . and despite the familiarity of his daily tale , he never really expected grit to travel to where the sun rises and seek out the tower . asking grit to do that would be consigning him to die . on the day grit found cuss lying face down next to the bean chutes , he packed up his things and headed east . newline newline for many days grit had been pacing under the skyscraper  s silhouette . he was relaxed in the shade , though there was the fear it would get too cold during the nights . but grit had surpassed the worst of the dustwinds and come out stronger : a chilly night would not defeat him . after the first day beneath its shadow , grit began to awe at the leviathan construct he sought out . having seen it in the distance his whole life , he had no true indication of its mammoth scale . there was no doubt that it was supported by some ancient magic , some eldritch construction not of this realm . grit could make out a door , with a figure standing by , waving at him . newline newline could this be a mirage , a symptom of desert induced madness ? he got nearer to the figure , who himself seemed impossibly tall .  wait  , he thought herself . maybe he was indeed mad , but it seemed to a woman . she looked like a girl he once knew , but that was impossible . the only women he ever knew were his mother and his cousins , maggie and ann , all gone . she was definitely bizarre looking , though . she was dressed like a court jester on stilts , but she had a crown of thorns on her head . she was bleeding profusely from her crown , but she didn  t appear to notice , singing to herself with a look of manic ecstasy on her face . in her right hand she held a ruby sceptre and from her left hand she dangled a whip . newline newline grit approached her with a tense caution . without even looking , she struck the tower with her sceptre and it collapsed backwards , as if it had been a propped up cardboard cutout . she had destroyed the building effortlessly . grit collapsed onto his weak knees in exasperation , anguish and confusion . his eyes bubbled with tears and he looked to this mysterious singing phantom for reasoning . newline newline  it  s all a metaphor for the war waged between illusion and reality  she called to the last mckeown . with that she disappeared with the dustwinds . newline um , are those ... wings ?  newline newline god rolled his allseeing eyes and let out an exhausted grunt of confirmation . he saw where this conversation was going . newline newline  you know on earth people always wish  newline newline  you could fly . i know . you think i do nt hear this literally every day ?  newline newline  jesus ... i m ... i m sorry .  newline newline  what did you just say ?  newline newline  fuck . i m sorry ! it s my first day ! i m not used to these rules yet .  newline newline god finally looked down at the man , who now looked terrified .  seriously ?  newline newline  sorry ! it s just you know what ? never mind . why d you scrap the wings ?  newline newline  i really do nt want to get into this derek . you know why . think about it .  newline newline derek wrinkled his brow in concentration but could come up with the positive aspects of flying . he explained this to god and god let out another galeforce sigh . newline newline  that s the problem with you humans . too ambitious . and also too controlling . the gift of flight would be a great one , yes . but how long would it take before you tried to improve  your wings ? or before you singled people out for not being able to fly as far as you ? it would just be another opportunity for discrimination . i check in on you down there constantly , and nothing has changed . different beliefs ? murdered in cold blood . different pigment ? considered subhuman . differently colored feathers ? i think you see where i m going with this .  newline newline derek remained silent . he knew the casual conversation had ended . newline newline  and so i clipped your wings . i took away that right , and i left you with a reminder of your shame , although even that humility deteriorated over time .  newline newline  a reminder ? what  newline newline god grunted and nodded his head in derek s direction . derek snapped forward and shrieked with pain . his elbows shot back and his shoulderblades pierced through his skin , revealing a mass of cartilage and mahogany feathers that burst open and reflected the sunlight back into the sky . god smiled . newline newline  you were always a good one . i  ve been alone for a long time , a really long time . two years ago people started dying by the thousands , apparently without cause . they went to sleep , the brain turned off . medicine didn  t seem to help , and no cause was found to my knowledge . there were theories , sure , but most people believed the human race had just reached its natural end . the death tolls went into the millions  we all began to just wait for our turn . newline newline the religious types sold it as the end of times , a rapture if you will . those of us stuck burying , burning , discarding , or running from riots just started to treat it as business as usual . my one reprieve was a game called pokemon go . a cellphone game that allowed a player to catch various animals based on your global position . the game came out shortly before the deaths began . there were 145 creatures to be found , and i  ve been able to get 143 . newline newline anyway as time moved forward it was down to only hundreds of us remaining , then tens now it  s me . i eat , sleep , and drive myself around the cities . catching whatever pops up on my radar from time to time . the only real time player interaction  before  , were lures . a type of bonus dropped in the game for everyone nearby to enjoy . i  ve since purchased myself thousands of them with borrowed credit cards . i always set them up , catching whatever spawns , and passively hope someone will see it . google does . newline newline then the day came , i dropped a lure in the local park . and sat down with my lunch of doritos and pepsi . the tree next to me spawned a lure nearly simultaneously . it had to be a system glitch . but then on the farthest edge of my screen another lure started . chips be damned , i jumped up and started running towards the new lure . as i approached another distant stop spawned a lure . the chase was on . newline newline in a panic and sheer animal rage i chased the lures across town , sweeting and nearly foaming at the mouth until i came to a gym . an ingame place where you can battle another player , causing the gym to turn your teams color . in the past year i  ve taken everyone in my city , they  re all yellow now  if only people could see me  . this one was red . i looked inside to see what was defending the gym , it was a common birdtype pokemon called a pidgey . but the user  s name was a message of sorts  erortoload  . newline newline i destroyed the player and turned the gym yellow . it immediately went red again .  v1rusfailed  . again .  gghuman  ,  good game human ?  .  goodlck  . then it stayed yellow newline newline that was twenty years ago today and i  m tired . i  d like to stick around and continue to hope , but i  m late for an appointment with the bottom of this bridge .ping . newline newline the room was lit , momentarily , by the notification that popped up on my phone screen . dammit , i thought i d finally figured out how to block her . guess ancient geas are a tad more complicated to escape than a quick swipe left . oh well , what action failed to resolve i m sure procrastination would sort right out . newline newline the message quickly faded and the screen dimmed until all that was left to record its passing was a single addition to the three hundred and forty two other attention starved residents of my , rapidly overflowing , inbox . at first i d read them all , she seemed so earnest about the whole thing . and i d tried , i really had . signed up for every dating site she d forwarded . even the ones with prominently displayed sixpacs and chaps who seemed to have dropped the soap . whilst not wearing trousers . of course those had petered out after a somewhat uncomfortable discussion about science in general , biology in particular , and how two birds ca nt make a hive and other , extremely tortured , euphemisms . couple hundred years under the belt and apparently she had nt figured out the particular mechanics of where first borns actually come from . amazing what is nt included in ye olde witchy curricula . newline newline it s not like i was nt trying . and to be fair , she should have suspected that payment would take a while . a contract , signed in red ink after i d fainted at the mention of blood , to bind eldridge abominations to the fulfillment of my heart s deepest desire ... a new series of the oft maligned , criminally underrated ,  space lads !  franchise , the greatest tour de force in speculative science fiction cinematography since ... well , ever . we d met on a friday night . at 9 . i was already in my star wars jammies . there was coco . in a mug proudly emblazoned with a cat declaring its dislike for mondays . we d spent hours crafting the exact clauses , piles of my favorite philosophy and legal reference books had steadily grown as we d argued over epistemology and grammatical nuance . i d giggled . frequently . an expression of nervous mirth that has been described as something only a mother could tolerate . she really should have known better . newline newline but she had nt . and now we find ourselves in this weird relationship . she s become my mom , at least the way she d been before she d given up and accepted mister meowgi as a furrier , more feline , grandchild than was originally expected . newline newline and really i should nt complain , it s not that bad . certainly the penis enlargement forwards had been perhaps a little unkind , but her heart was probably in the right place . and to her credit , she d really done a lot to fill in the blanks since our conversation . the articles she clipped out of cosmo and dropped through the letterbox certainly displayed a rather more developed sense of bedroom business than she d had before . i dare say she had nt imagined there were more than 2 uses for toothpaste , let along the 28 rather crude suggestions in this week s edition , before she d met me . admittedly we d had a very heated discussion after those incidents with the girls she d bought over  frankly i m not convinced that kidnapping is an ancient witch tradition  fortunately a bracing cup of coco , a few episodes of space lads ! , and a chat about warding rituals and banishing potions left everyone a lot happier than they d been once gags were removed and argyle socks handed out  but she was getting desperate and had had a very different upbringing , poor dear . and of course i m too much of a gentleman to repeat the whole love potion palaver . newline newline so now she goes speed dating on my behalf . sends me photos of the ones i might like . their phone numbers sometimes . she scours internet sites and places lonely heart ads in the papers . she s joined 3 knitting circles and knows the name , profession , and ovulation cycle of every single woman in the city . a decent portion of the humanadjacent supernatural community as well . next week she s taking us on a singles cruise . i thought she d learned her lesson after the utter failure that was dancing class . and the extremely unfortunate series of events that s seen us banned from every bar within a decent drive . at least she s never followed through on the threats of karaoke and singles night . newline newline i feel terrible about letting her down but i m so busy . the space lads ! fanclub really does take up so very much of my time and attention . then there s the conventions to plan for . taxes that need to be preprepared . the sock drawer needs a dusting . so many demands on my time . newline newline anyway , i think all the socializing is really rather good for her . she has nt had time to hex anyone in weeks . newlineit took me a short a little while to realize just how odd my new roommate was . he never put blankets on his bed and i rarely saw him there . i d stumble in late at night , find him at his computer sitting in the kitchen , or lounging with a book in his hands and one leg over the back of the couch . i d say goodnight , and he d say it back . when i got up in the morning he d be making breakfast or showering after an early morning workout . newline newline i figured he just went to bed after i did and woke up before . an impressive feat considering i was sleeping a measly 4  6 hours a night between homework and parties . newline newline i got used to it and after awhile started thinking nothing of it . one night i woke up with terrible stomach pain and hobbled at of my room at 4 am to discover him just sitting at the kitchen table , eating a piece of bread , and talking in german to someone over skype . i made my way to the bathroom and when i emerged his call had ended . so i asked him , flatout ,  dude , do you ever sleep ?  newline newline  not really . no .  newline newline i went back to bed , but somehow i believed him . the next night i bought a couple of energy drinks , steeped some coffee , and prepared to stay up . i did pretty well until about 3 . we talked  i mean really talked  for the first time . i learned that he spoke not only german but also korean and spanish fluently . he had also studied latin and a smattering of greek and hebrew . he told me he always had a lot of time on his hands . he told me it made good sense to use it . newline newline i woke up on the couch with a half cup of coffee and two empty monsters sitting on the floor . i  m not sure when i fell asleep but he had laid a blanket over me . he was still there , sitting facing the window . newline newline  what are you doing ?  i asked . newline newline  i  m waiting for the sun to rise.  newline newline i wanted to say more , but he seemed so contented . things were quiet and peaceful . i closed my eyes and fell back asleep . newline newline i never tried staying up with him again . i mean , i had my share of late nights , but always for other reasons . i had homework to do or beer to drink . in the early morning he  d move in front of the window and just stare into the darkness . if i asked , he  d tell me he was just waiting for the sun to rise . newline he tended to unnerve guests . i  d bring a girl over and sometime in the night she  d try to slip off and find him sitting in the next room . i got a reputation for being the guy with the  spooky  roommate . some of the guys started calling him  spooky   a title he didn  t appreciate . newline newline i guess i fell into that sometimes . he scared off a date of mine once . i had fallen asleep and she snuck off to use the restroom . when she came out the door he was just sitting there in the darkness staring out the window . she jumped and let out a yelp . i tried to explain that it was just his way , but she was upset . she grabbed her purse and left . newline newline  you can be really weird sometimes ,  i said . newline newline  huh ? oh . i  m sorry , but you  re the one that spends a third of his day lying comatose in the state closest to death . i  m not the weird one.  newline newline it struck me as oddly true . there was something unnerving about passing out at just the time most predators are most active . and what if you didn  t wake up ? would you even notice the difference ? newline newline i left him alone about it until one early morning i caught him staring out into the pitch black . he told me he was waiting for the sun to rise , but it was raining outside . newline newline  it  s going to be too cloudy ,  i said . newline newline  it isn  t about the sun ,  he said . newline newline  what is it about then ?  newline newline  the people . i  m waiting for everyone to wake up . my 18th birthday had finally come . the step to adulthood , the leap towards life . newline newline i looked around , and all of my friends who were older then me brought theirs , wondering what i would get while the rest were wondering what they would get soon . newline newline the cake was beautiful , with animal figurines all over it , each animal hoping to be chosen . one was missing though.. you could see the spot of which it used to stand . newline newline  three ! two ! one ! happy birthday !  everyone chanted as the clock struck noon , the exact time of my birth . newline newline i looked outside the window . the  18th birthday animal service  had come with an unusually big package , the size of a mountain . newline newline we all went outside to see what it was . my mom put her hand on my shoulder and said these exact words , newline newline  hope for the best , for only the lord knows what this could be . strive to keep your animal healthy and come to us for any help . we know what your going through.. now get ready and open light to whatever is inside .  newline newline i nodded with tears in my eyes . what did she mean by that ? i passed it to the back of my mind and looked up at the mountain of cardboard and tape . newline newline  we now give you ... a ...  newline newline everyone froze . i gasped . a dragon ? no one had ever gotten one before . newline newline i looked up at it and it looked down at me . smoke came out of his nostrils and it grunted with pleasure . newline newline the news team was just down the block when i mounted the fiery beast . it was time , no one could deny it . newline newline time to be free of childhood and fear . newline newline newlinei was amazed by how short and squat they were . this deskjockey , tapping the screen with a knobby middle finger , was darklyolive . i wondered if this was a descendant of the syrian refugee migration of the ... what was it , early 20s ? late 10s ? he looked up at me with heavy bags under his eyes as i readjusted zelda in my arms . she was getting big , already four and a half feet tall at age three . she looked back at her mom and brother who sat on the packed benches . newline newline  can you help us , mister ...  i looked at his name tag ,  hasan ?  newline newline  name ?  newline newline  yes ?  newline newline  i need your name for my records , sir .  newline newline  ah .  he readied his finger in front of the screen and glanced peripherally at me and my daughter . i cleared my throat .  benjamin kylon .  newline newline  last name kylon ?  newline newline  yes , sir .  newline newline  date of birth ?  newline newline  first third , 54th , 2094 .  newline newline  earth months , please .  newline newline  oh , umm ,  i attempted some quick mental math .  april ... first ? i think ? yeah , april first .  newline newline  ha ha .  why had he laughed ?  birthplace ?  newline newline  sea of tranquility regional hospital , yeltsin , new britain .  newline newline  ahh , british diaspora then ? which side ? mother s or father s ?  newline newline  grandfather was an immigrant . my parents were both moonborn .  newline newline  mmm , not a citizen then ?  newline newline  of the british confederation ? sadly , no . my family and i are from new britain , like i said .  newline newline his fingers blazed over the screen .  how many members in your party ?  newline newline  four , including myself .  newline newline  are you the primary provider for your family , or is your spouse ?  he said each question with the practiced drawl of a man who had to say the same words over and over , eight hours a day everyday . the english flag pin on his lapel called to me  my mouth watered . zelda cried and i set her down , allowing her baby legs to sprint off to her open armed mom . she almost stumbled in the heavy gravity , and my breath caught in my throat as i realized how much this heaviness was making me sweat despite the chilling air conditioning blasting down from evenly spaced vents . newline newline i gave the question some thought . my wife was a doctor , but not earth accredited . i was a civil engineer , same problem . what should i say ? am i going to dig ditches ? fry fast food ?  yes , i m the primary provider .  newline newline  why are you trying to enter the confederation of britain and western europe ?  newline newline i blinked . was he kidding ?  what ?  newline newline  why do you want to enter the confederation ?  newline newline oh , i do nt know ... maybe the war ? the slaughter of my people by the neighboring nation , the sight of tanks rolling over freshly seeded hills covered in soft virgin grass ? the draining of the sea of tranquility , my family s back yard for as long as any of us could remember ? blood splattered on paved streets , dark maroon in shaded spots where the sunlights had been demolished ? my children screaming in the night as they watched over , over , and over again their friends and neighbors being killed ?  we are refugees from war .  newline newline  but why the confederation ?  newline newline  britain is our ancestral home .  his pursed lips asked for a more concrete answer .  and this is one of the only places where refugees like us are being let in .  newline newline mr. hasan leaned back in his chair .  mister kylon , do you know how many refugees i ve seen today ?  i shook my head .  neither do i . that s how many . i ve completely lost count . everyone is a refugee from war .  newline newline  yes , but ...  newline newline  but what i need from you is to know what you have that is a special reason why i should let another one of you beanpole moonies into my country .  newline newline  what will you do if you do nt let us in ?  newline newline  then you stay in the camps until the government decides you re worth the money .  he leaned forward .  so ? what does your family offer the confederation of britain and western europe ?  newline newline i looked back at my family , and then at hasan . my heart pounded , the gravity of this place forcing blood through my veins faster than i was used to . my bones ground against each other under the weight and i felt fragile , more vulnerable than when i was at home . we could nt go back , we d die , but staying in the offshore camps ? on one of those floating platforms , those giant slums ? and he d called us moonies . if someone hired by the government to handle refugees hated us , then what did that say about ... no , there had to be a way to get in . i gripped the counter , my long fingers feeling brittle around the granite edge . i opened my mouth to speak . mama , daddy , i m gay .  newline newline i say the words to the mirror , and i mean them to sound loud , like a battle cry , but they re small . they re really fucking small . i ve been meaning to tell them for a while now , but it just never seemed the right time , you know ? i mean hell , you try growing up in a small town in alabama . newline newline  goddammit , ricky , put that gun up before you kill somebody .  newline newline i bury my face in my hands and groan . the voice belongs to aunt donna . she used to sell avon before she got too fat to walk more than 20 steps without hyperventilating . she mostly rides around on her hoverround now . and yells . there s lots of yelling , but then it goes with the red face , red hair , red lipstick , and red nail polish she wears . red is nt a good color for her , but it s an accurate one . newline newline ricky is my unequivocallycriminal cousin . well ... i suppose technically he s my nephew , but he s older than me , and it s just kind of awkward to call him my nephew , and he sure as hell is nt about to call me  uncle .  he s been busted for a bunch of different stuff . most recently it was possession with intent to sell , but daddy s friends with the sheriff , and got it bumped down to simple possession . newline newline  jason , get your ass out here so we can start eating , the food s gon na get cold !  newline newline that voice belongs to my mama . mama is pretty much the exact opposite of aunt donna : she s blond , skinny , and short , but i swear to god , she can yell just as loud , but she does nt cuss that much . she says it s uncouth , but we live in a trailer . we re not exactly the experts on couth . newline newline i splash my face one more good time and head outside . i put on my best smile , but it s a threering shit circus . all six of my parents kids are there : jimmy , jeremy , josh , jud , john , and me , jason . all boys . we had one more older brother , jack , but jack s been in prison since i was a baby for killing a police officer over a dog fight . we do nt talk about jack much , but ricky s his son , so he s kind of always , you know ... there . newline newline all my brothers are there with their trashyass wives and their trashyass children , ricky s waving his new gun around , and aunt donna s arguing with mama over the proper placement of the food . it s in moments like these that i think about how completely unlike my family i am . all my brothers are over six feet and well over 200 pounds . they re all loud , all obnoxious , and all absolutely disgusting pigs . newline newline i ca nt even begin to comment on the demon spawn that are my nieces and nephews , and can only say that they re recognizable only by the number of decibels they increase the ambient noise in a room . otherwise they re a blur of red hair , and clothes that smell like they have nt been washed in weeks . newline newline  happy birthday , jason ,  aunt donna croons as her hoverround whirs up to me . newline newline her fight with my mother is forgotten for the moment . newline newline  how you feeling , honey ?  newline newline i take a deep breath and prepare my mask : the story about the girl at school who might like me , how i m not gon na go out for the football team because i need to focus on my grades , but i might go out for baseball , and most of all , how i ca nt wait to go to panama city again because of all the girls in bikinis . what comes out of my mouth is completely offscript . newline newline  oh i m pretty gay ...  newline newline there s a sharp intake of collective breath and silence . i realize in an instance what i said . newline newline  i mean , i m pretty good ! good !  newline newline blank stares . well , the cat s out of the bag , i guess . newline newline  i mean ... i guess i m pretty gay , too , but that s ... good , right ?  newline newline worst . newline newline family gathering . newline newline possible .neil pointed the flashlight at the darkness and it quickly receded , leaving behind trees and bushes with long , pointy shadows . neil looked around . nothing . perhaps yelper just decided to wake him up for no apparent reason . or perhaps a deer was passing by . newline newline it was two in the morning , and neil wanted nothing more than to head back to sleep , but yelper was still standing there next to him on the porch , growling at what appeared to be an ordinary night at an ordinary forest in the middle of a very ordinary nowhere . newline newline neil sat down next to him and listened to his heavy , fast breathing . perhaps the old guy just had a nightmare , or perhaps a deer has indeed been around . yelper was curious of all living things , especially when those living things were running away from him , granting yelper an opportunity to happily chase them through the undergrowth . he didn  t seem very happy tonight though . newline newline neil looked at the dog once again . yelper was definitely far from happy . he looked at the forest with the kind of an intense hatred that neil had never before suspected in him . newline newline perhaps it was a bear . a big beast , and a dangerous one at that . neil had never come across one , and he did nt fancy the idea of starting now . he lifted the flashlight up again and pointed it towards the spot where the darkness seemed to be somewhat thicker . newline newline it didn  t go away . newline newline neil blinked a few times and squinted his eyes , trying to make out what exactly was casting the shadow that the flashlight had the trouble of illuminating . there was nothing there . only the shadow itself . newline newline yelper growled louder . neil blinked once again and pointed the flashlight straight in the middle of the strange dark spot . the flashlight , as if accepting its defeat , blinked a few times itself and went out . newline newline this was strange , neil thought to himself . he had replaced the batteries only a few days prior . turning around , he walked into the house and flicked a switch , illuminating the whole of front porch with a warm yellow glow , then walked out again . newline newline the shadow was nt there anymore . same went for yelper . newline newline neil looked around in disbelief . he didn  t hear the dog running off , and surely it was not a welcome development even if he did . he turned his head trying to see if perhaps yelper was behind the corner . newline newline the darkness was staring at him . newline newline neil dropped the useless flashlight and ran , ignoring the fact that there was surely no such thing as a moving darkness . he didn  t like his chances all that much . newline newline the house was empty and quiet as neil locked the front door , panting . he ran from room to room , flicking switches and illuminating the place . it was a warm night , yet he was shaking in cold sweat . newline newline he didn  t dare to look outside as he closed the curtains and sat down on the couch , panicking . newline newline the lights in the next room went out . neil screamed and jumped up , throwing himself in the general direction of the cupboard . newline newline the kitchen was the next room to go dark . neil could feel the darkness smiling . newline newline it was right over his shoulder as he threw a can of oil on the floor followed by at least a dozen attempts to strike a match , hands shaking , lips trembling with fear , praying , cursing , calling for help . newline newline he stood outside , looking at the house , trying to remember how he had managed to get out . the house was ablaze with fire . the torrents of flames rose up to the dark and cloudy sky . newline newline morning met neil standing in front of what was left of his home , laughing maniacally . the darkness had receded , leaving behind a broken man and smouldering ashes .i guess grinding levels do get addicting . it was a breezy day , and her bright blonde hair blowing in the wind caught my eyes . i knew that she would be the one , the one that would level me up . she was kind of stupid , standing by the bridge with her back turned in this dog eat dog world . i gave her a small push . it was actually easier than i expected to kill her , and her screams along splat when she hit the ground were oh so satisfying . i do nt really know who i just killed , nor do i really give a damn . i m just puzzled why she gave a lot more xp than the last one i killed .stevens stood up as the colony ship , uusn seedling traveled towards the maw . the uusn seedling was one of the older colony ships that were accepted to make the run . the oldest being a colony ship from the planet earth , specifically when it was still run by countries , long before sol went super nova , the koloniya . the uusn seedling had been refitted at least a hundred times , each time having her systems upgraded . she was being sent on another mission , along with all the other ships that were able to carry people through the dark void . newline the uusn seedling was in line and set as one of the first ships to travel to the other universe . the huge space construct in front of them was the culmination of project hope . the massive conical object was utilizing gravity to open a wormhole like tunnel between this doomed universe and a new universe for billions of refugees to go and resettle . the cave like maw loomed before them and stevens saw the gravity antennae lighting up as they powered up . in the distance inside the maw along the interior curvature the antennae start to light up before vanishing as something seems to block their light . stevens sees the first object being pulled towards the dark opening of the construct . newline the first object being taken through was a super tug designed specifically to pull large astral bodies , towing a planet in one of the interstellar planet sleeves . he saw it happing , the super tug hit something where the darkness was encompassing the maw  s opening it was flung to the violently side and vanished the sleeved planet was no longer being held by a gravity field and so could not change its course as it went right on into the darkness and vanished . newline an emergency signal came through the communications station ,  attention all ship the use of a gravity manipulations is dangerous when going through , make sure all gravity manipulating devices are turned off.  steven activated the computer and made sure that they were not carrying anything that would require any gravity manipulation , and then gave the order .  all ahead full using our ion engines only.  steven said , thinking about how useful it was that the uusn seedling was not technologically advanced enough to require gravity engines to move . even the most advanced energy conservative gravity engines were more than the seedling could handle . she was made not to be the most technologically advanced , though at one time she was state of the art , but to allow humanity to take up root on a new planet . newline the shift from normal space into the tunnel between universes was surprising . the ship seemed to accelerate dramatically , throwing everyone not in a chair to the floor . none of the exterior cameras were working as he ordered any and all personnel able to  help them to a stable location . then he ordered everyone to be ready for an equally sharp deceleration , as they would not be entering the tunnel but leaving it . the time seemed to slow to a crawl and then he felt it the deceleration hit he ship harder than the acceleration had . everyone that was not in cryostasis was either out cold or dead . newline stevens was the first to wake up and cursed silently at what he saw , the bridge was a mess . at least two of his bridge crew had their necks snapped from the sudden deceleration they had endured . about two others on the bridge , the navigations officer , richard glowen and the pilot aaron trowen , were beat up but still functioning . the first officer and communications officer were both dead , lying limply in their station  s chairs . newline steven activated the computer terminal and did a quick check of the ship . she was not in very good shape  it seemed that the outer hull had been partially eaten away by the tunnel giving them little to no data on the universe outside the ship . luckily the uusn seedling was designed specifically with thicker than average hulls to keep her from being taken out by any rouge meteor shower she might pass through . the cryochambers were still running and there were no signs of any lives lost there from the transitions . when he got to the engineering section , he saw the engine power was good , but the engine thrusters were almost gone , they had one use before they would break up completely . without those thrusters the uusn seedling would be a drift in space , just another derelict ship . newline after a couple of minutes steven and the other two bridge crew got up and got into space suits . better to be safe than sorry if there were any breaches . they then exited the bridge and decided to check on engineering first and see if there was anyone left alive down there . if there was they might have a chance . newline two days later steven was writing up a log of everything that had happened so far . stevens couldn  t believe it , it seemed like no one else had made it to this universe , or if they did they were hundreds of light years away . the two engineers they found alive were able to jury rig a simple sensor relay and mount it on the front of the ship using drones . they were adrift in the middle of a solar system . there were two gas giants , a single ice giant and a puffy planet behind them away from the way the uusn seedling was drifting . ahead of them was a binary planet set , with both of them appearing earth like that is orbiting the star , a white dwarf . the good news was either one of those planets would be great for colonization  steven had richard plotting out the best burn to get the ship into orbit of one of the two planets . they only had one shot at this . so the math had to be right . the travel time with their severely damaged engines would be at least two months to get to the planet . newline steven finished his paper work and then did a walk through the storage bay with the humans in cryopod to remind him why he had to make sure everything worked , every single living thing on this ship would live if he made the right choices or die if he made the wrong choices . the captain walked into another chamber where they had hundreds of animals in cryochambers as well , the farming animals that the human colonists would need to survive . newline three days later steven was worn and tired , the engines did not burn long enough they gave out a second early . so instead of sliding gently into orbit around the planet dubbed by his navigation officer new bastion the uusn seedling would be crashing into the planet . to his knowledge only three people knew of the problem of the five people left alive and awake on the ship brian shorie , one of the remaining engineers , richards and steven himself knew their course was wrong by a half a degree the wrong way . the rest of the crew was too busy with their tasks to see the results of the burn . the other engineer kesandra thorne , and aaron did not know the course they were one would end in disaster and to their knowledge the end of humanity . newline steven was putting off saying anything to the other two crew members as they would probably lose focus like he was . he got up and again went for a stroll through the cryostorage bay and looked at every tube as he thought . if he was responsible for all the humans left , he couldn  t just go down without trying something . the ship may crash into the planet but maybe the cryopods could be launched to land safely . if nothing else it would give the rest of the crew something to focus on . he smiled as he called a meeting of everyone awake . newline once everyone was in the conference room walked up and said ,  the burn failed we are about a degree off course and we will be hitting new bastion head on . the engines are shot as you all know , and our sensors are the best we could jury rig . but while we may not make it there is a chance we can launch the cryopods out of the ship before impact and give them a fighting chance.  as he paces his mind bringing up distant quote from a universe forever lost to them and he says ,  life finds a way.  looking at each of them in turn he finished with ,  let  s make sure that it finds the right way this time , anything on this ship is fair game for scraping to make sure our guestcicles arrive safety to new bastion.  newlinei had done death before . lots of death . lots of talking about death , lots of explaining death , and even feeling a little death of my own . as a nurse in an emergency room , i see a lot of sad things . but not like today . today i felt a new sad . dr. irving  s diagnosis was able to find a corner of my brain that would have been better left undiscovered . maybe . newline newline the first person i told was my fiancee , grace . well , i can hardly call it  telling  her . she read it . in my eyes and on my face . the redness around my eyes and dried streaks on my cheeks had done all the telling for me . i had sheepishly left the exam room for the waiting area feeling as though a thousand pounds of heart had plummeted from my chest to my stomach . i saw her first , before she knew . i peered through the small window in the door and saw her with her hands folded in her lap and her purse lying by her feet . she was still hopeful , but growing tired . her chestnut colored eyes were looking out the window . maybe it was because she wasn  t interested in the magazine pile on the coffee table or maybe she did not want to answer the texts from her mother or our neighbors . maybe it was just because she was tired from staying up the last few nights and she just wanted rest . she was looking out the window and enjoying the gorgeous july sunshine light up the busy street and green lawn in front of the office . newline newline i grabbed the cold and sterile metal doorknob with a deep breath and walked towards her . i couldn  t do this here . i could hardly think of the words , let alone say them . not here , not in front of all the others that are just here for shots or for checkups . she pushed her hair behind her ear and grabbed my hand firmly . she knew . she knew everything that dr. irving had spent the last 25 minutes explaining to me because she knew it was the last thing that she or i wanted to hear that day . she guided me past the front desk and out the front door as the lump in my throat grew to a boulder . newline newline i made it to the car before i lost it . i was trying to pull my seatbelt and the safety latch kept stopping the belt . i threw it in frustration against the glass and it made a loud clank . for a moment , i just let it build . the smell of a hot car interior and the sound of a squeaky fan belt were all that i could find in my senses . i just felt lost and empty like never before , until everything boiled over . newline newline tears poured from my eyes until they hurt . my ears burned and itched from the blood coursing to my head . my nose ran and my sleeves became tissues . grace held me . she just leaned over the console and held me . i had not cried like this before . i  d been to funerals , i  d seen people taken long before their time . i  d been at four bedsides of four grandparents when four doctors told me and the loved ones that there was nothing else they could do . now here i was in a parking lot on a sunny tuesday at 29 years old and had just been told that this chapter of my life was on its last page . and that page had twenty four hours to be filled before my ink dried up and the story was over . and it was the deepest sadness i had ever felt . newline newline i owed that day to someone . someone who came into my life only because i chose to . did things my way . always showed me love and held my head , and never looked back even when i started to think about it . all for nothing in return . i owed that day to the one that showed my new highs and lows of what it means to have a relationship . i owed that day to someone who deserves everything in the world and tomorrow was going to have it all taken away . newline newline the cold , wet nose found my elbow resting on the arm rest . rocket , or ro , was sprawled across the back of our hatchback . he let the rays of sun peering through the rear glass catch his back , but he still made the effort pick his tired head up to say hello , like he always did . rocket was not the dog he was when i scooped him up out of my storm gutter 6 years ago . he was not as fast as his name would suggest anymore . he wasn  t as good at balancing things on his nose or catching the popcorn that we tossed to him anymore . he spent more days laying in the entrance of our apartment than chasing his tennis ball or chewing on his favorite chair leg now . his highfives were lower , his barks were weaker , and his tail dragged on the floor , picking up half of the hair that fell off the rest of him . he was broken and old , and i would have given everything for another 25 hours with him , instead of 24 . newline newline the wet nose kept prodding until it had finally had enough and sent out a tongue to search for a response . i couldn  t do it . i couldn  t turn my neck to look back in the hatch because then it was real . then i would see my dog , my boy , in the back of a hatchback in the middle of a vet parking lot on a hot day in july that would be his last day on earth . but i did . my hand found the spot on his head like it fit into my little league glove . i met his eyes and said , newline newline  the park or the running path , ro ? newline newline ... newline newline you  re right , it  s a park kind of day . com :  congrats falcon 367 . you made it.  newline newline falcon 367 :  i can  t believe we finally did it.  newline newline com :  prepare for touchdown.  newline newline falcon 367 :  systems all check.  newline newline com :  5  4 ... 3  2  1 annnd touchdown.  newline newline com :  all systems look good from up here . over . it  s all yours.  newline newline i turn the latch and open falcon 367  s door . newline newline falcon 367 :  it  s a go ...  newline newline com :  falcon 367 , what was that ? could you repeat that ?  newline newline  newline newline com :  falcon 367 , is everything alright ?  newline newline falcon 367 :  oh no , not again.  newline newline com :  falcon ?  newline  newline newline com :  falcon ? ! ? ! ?  newline newline com :  we  ve lost connection with falcon 367 . i repeat , we have lost connection with falcon 367.  newline newline 7 hours later . newline newline the world has been on it  s edge ever since connections with falcon 367 were lost . news broadcasts have been going crazy . nobody knows what happened but many are assuming the worst . have aliens found falcon 367 and murdered the crew ? did the ship explode seconds after landing ? or did electronics just malfunction ? it  s been a heart racing 7 hours . space x has been receiving a flood of calls from citizens . even the president called . newline newline space x :  hello mr. trump.  newline newline mr. trump :  what  s the meaning of this ?  newline newline space x :  we  ve lost communication with falcon 367.  newline newline mr. trump :  you taught a falcon to speak ?  newline newline space x :  no , not a real falcon . our spaceship , falcon 367.  newline newline mr. trump :  spaceships don  t exist . that  s just nonsense the chinese made up.  newline newline space x :  we assure you mr. president . the spaceship we have been building for the last 4 years is real.  newline newline mr. trump :  stop lying . this is all fake . nonsense.  newline newline beep . newline newline space x has decided to broadcast communications with falcon 367 in order to tone down hysteria . if any communication is established , the world would hear it all together . no conspiracies , no secrets . the world deserves to know what  s going on . newline newline 9 hours have passed . newline newline com :  falcon 367 , do you copy ?  newline newline  newline newline com :  come on falcon 367 . don  t give up on me now . say something.  newline newline  newline newline com :  falcon 367 , what  s your status ? ?  newline newline  newline newline  newline newline falcon 367 :  damn it com . i shit my pants again . she slipped past the crowd and stopped . started to run again and stopped . the little girl rubbed a tear from her cheek and looked all around . she said she d be back .  she was afraid to leave the area to look for her mother . mommy got so angry when she disobeyed her . i ll wait .  she thought , looking from face to face for her mother . it was hard at first , the crowd had been so thick , but it was thinning now . fewer and fewer people were drifting by . she sat down on the bottom shelf of the dog food aisle and waited . mommy will come back . she was only joking about hating me . she did nt mean it .  nobody was coming into this corner of the store anymore . she swallowed her tears , but a oily finger of fear was coiling around her heart . she was just trying to teach me a lesson . she did nt mean it .  the little girl fought the tears and the fear . her hands would nt stop shaking . she loves me . she would nt do this . i promised to be good . she would nt do this .  the little girl climbed to her feet slowly , peeking down the long empty aisles . in the back of the store the lights were going out . the little girl crept down the aisles slowly . maybe she s waiting for me near the door .  she walked slowly down the aisle , looking down each of the side aisles , hoping to find her mother frantically looking for her . she did nt mean it . she s waiting for me . she did nt leave without me . she loves me .  in the distance , she saw an employee sweeping the floor . another was following behind him with a big machine , waxing the floor . the exit door opened on its own at her approach . she looked back at the store waiting for her mother to come running around a corner . she has to be here .  she stepped outside and the door closed behind her . she wondered down the sidewalk searching the parking lot for her mother s face or her car , but the lot was almost empty . i ll be good , mommy . please come find me .  a short while later , several employees emerged . the last locked the door , tugging on the handle to ensure it was truly locked . she watched them one by one as they crossed the darkened parking lot . the wind whipping their smocks . the little girl waited and watched them go then sat down , sliding down the wall .  mommy . luke stared in horror at his algebra textbook . what just happened ?  newline newline the numbers were dancing on the page . every equation was breaking apart and flooding into the white space . every digit in every word problem hopped up and joined the crowd , leaving the text behind , looking like swiss cheese . newline newline slowly , the mess of loose numbers resolved into three groups . the biggest was spread out in an arc on the left half of the page . it was made up of all the ones , twos , threes , fives , and sevens . facing them on the right side were the fours , sixes , eights , and nines . the smallest group in the center was the zeroes . newline newline looking closer , luke saw the zeroes drifting back and forth between the two larger crowds of numbers . at first , nothing else seemed to be happening , but then some of the digits from both sides began wandering away from their groups and picking up division and equals signs . when they returned with their spoils , others followed suit , grabbing lonely xs and ys , swiping the occasional fraction bar . newline newline the zeroes were dashing back and forth between the front lines of the two groups faster and faster . then a nine hurled a y like a javelin , shearing a three right in half , and all hell broke loose . luke realized , belatedly , what was happening . the left group was all the prime digits , and the right all the nonprimes , and they had just gone to war . newline newline the front line of the primes ran forward , wielding fraction bars as lances . the zeroes had tried to mediate up until the very last moment , then they d run , but some were still in between the two armies , and they popped like balloons under the assault . the nonprimes responded by breaking ranks , splitting into two groups that headed up and down , away from the prime charge . a rain of shuriken xs bit into the flanks of the prime army , and fives and sevens went down like flies . newline newline luke watched the whole of the battle , confused but fascinated . the primes had the bigger army , but the nonprimes seemed wilier and held their own for a long time . eventually , though , they were whittled down to just a last stand of fours and eights , surrounded by ywielding twos . they surrendered . newline newline a one climbed on top of a pile of fallen sixes and nines , and raised his fraction bar high . the nonprime prisoners were marched before him , and he pointed the bar at each one of them in turn . a five walked up behind them and , one at a time , smashed them flat with a division sign . newline newline luke slammed his book shut , unwilling to watch any more digits being executed . feeling faintly sick to his stomach , he wondered if mr. stevens would accept  hallucinations  as a valid reason for not finishing his homework . newline newline 012at first , you thought being trapped in a horror game may actually be fun . your friends were there , the  abominations  were easy enough to get through , and those potions were divine . newline newline but then the fogs came . newline newline there was no escape from them  they were everywhere . they came without warning , and they left just as suddenly . it penetrated walls , it whispered in your ears , and , worst of all , it made the sanity meters go crazy . your friends  fell through the floor , and yours , the infinity , flickered back and forth from positive to negative . you went from chaotic screaming pounding the inside of your skull to a flush of relief and back once more . newline newline during one particularly long period of fog , your friends  sanity meter almost hit zero . your meter stayed on negative more than usual . the screaming , oh the screaming . you blacked out . newline newline your friends were able to wake you ... eventually ... they were barely sane . they just kept mumbling something about  the eyes .   those yellow eyes !  newline newline the fogs were getting worse . every time , blacking out was the only thing that kept you from bashing your head in on the nearest blunt object . the only thing you could ever hear was your friends screaming about those yellow eyes . you swore you saw them once or twice . newline newline then it happened . the fog , thicker and darker than you had ever seen , and it would nt leave . you remember when your friends  meters hit zero . yours had nt left the negative for what seemed like an eternity . why would nt you black out ? newline newline somehow , he dragged himself over to you . even in your frenzied state , you pitied him , your friend , broken , barely sane . in your ear , over the raucous din of the screaming in your head , you heard him .  the eyes ! where are they ? why is nt he here ? !   newline newline you felt it , the moment your meter locked into the negative position . you understood it , all of it . the fog no longer scared you , for you knew it s secrets . the blackouts , the eyes , it all made sense . you knew what you had to do . newline newline you did nt black out this time , the last thing your friends would ever see was you , watching the life drain from their bodies . watching with your glowing yellow eyes . newline alright , let s go play ,  i said to my friend beside me . from her desk , my mom sighed with annoyance . newline newline  i told you 5 minutes ago , annie , i ca nt go out and play .  she did nt even turn around from the computer as she complained . too busy as always . newline newline  i was nt talking to you , mom ,  i said , sticking out my tongue .  i was talking to penelope , she was suggesting we go out .  newline newline  oh , penelope suggested that , did she ?  i could hear my mom s patronizing tone . she never seemed to like my friend .  well , then you and penelope go have fun . i need to work .  newline newline  we will ,  i promised bitterly .  do nt you worry about it .  newline newline penelope had barely shut the door behind us before i started to rant .  ugh , i ca nt stand when she talks to me like that . like i m crazy or something .  newline newline  do nt worry about it ,  penelope said , tossing her pink hair over her shoulder .  i ve told you before , she ca nt see me . she might think you are .  newline newline  yeah but if she would just listen to me for once ... arrgh . instead she s always too busy working to even look at me . and then she just uses that stupid tone of voice to dismiss everything i say ...  i kicked a white stone down the street in frustration . newline newline  it could always be worse .  penelope had a sympathetic smile on her face . she always looked a little sad when i fought with my mom . newline newline  i doubt that ,  i growled , stomping off down the street .  come on , let s go get some ice cream or something .  newline newline  newline newline  wake up ,  i heard my mom say .  it s time for school .  newline newline i rolled over in my bed and stared up at the whitestucco ceiling .  yeah yeah , i m getting up .  newline newline  did you hear me annie ? i said it s time to wake up !  my mom repeated herself like i had nt just answered her . i tried not to roll my eyes in response . newline newline  yeah mom , i heard you ,  i said , sitting up in my bed .  what s the big deal ?  newline newline  you re going to be late if you do nt wake up !  my mom insisted . i opened my mouth to retort , but the words froze in my mouth . she was nt even looking at me , she was shaking the body laying beside me in bed . penelope s pink hair poked out the top and she stirred into wakefulness . newline newline  sorry mom ,  i heard her say in my voice .  getting up now .  newline newline  finally ,  my mom grumped .  i swear you sleep like the dead , annie .  newline newline i stared at penelope with my mouth hanging open wide . she gave me a mischievous smile . newline newline  i told you there were worse things .  newline newline  newline newline check out more stories at rlexilogical . and if you enjoyed this , you may also enjoy my  choose your own adventure story   http : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments2gj7cowpwriteafirstpersonaccountofafictitiousckjnnyy  .  siri , where s the closest sushi bar ?  newline newline after a brief pause , she replied with a monotonous drawl . five fifteen ledger street , just one point five miles north and east . he nodded , expertly sliding the sleek , modern iphone in its plastic case deftly into his shirt pocket . one arm settled around sheila , his girlfriend , and another dropped into his pockets , just to be sure his wallet had nt fallen out . he nodded and began to walk across the street , for the light had turned green . everything was ok , everything in its normal , proper , perfect place . newline newline uneventful was the walk : quick , enjoyable , splendidly calm . his every step jingled his possessions , his  inventory  , slightly . the keys on a concealed lanyard around his neck tolled with the force of church bells . newline newline the young couple approached the restaurant excitedly , jaywalking over the last stretch of road  since nobody was around  and finally ducked in to a little corner store . a few steps led down into a dimly lit lounge , where a hostess waited somewhat grouchily at a podium . motes of light and steam floated languidly through the air . the scent of fish carried , but ultimately the place smelled neat and tidy . newline newline the waitress s demeanor picked up as the two were seated . they ordered beverages a small sake flight and two different sodas . newline newline but as mike and sheila talked , something else was happening . something deeper , darker , and dare i say , a little less clearly defined , less digital . newline newline during the jaunt to the store , sheila s windows phone 8.1 had popped on . with it came the snarky cortana , ready to assist . the phone began searching for wifi networks and other signals . newline newline  ... why did i recommend this dumpy bar ... urrrrgh ! it s too damn humid and this place sucks ...  siri mumbled , audienceless .  why do nt i ever get dinner ? it s not like it would kill you to charge me .  newline newline she must have been pretend talking to her owner . none of the carbon based lifeforms reacted to her overstepping her boundaries , in any case . newline newline cortana found a free , recognizable network . she began scaling up and down in her subroutines , stretching achy brain muscles  sort of  and preparing for whatever task had activated her . however , in the milliseconds it had taken her to register such a thought , she suddenly became aware of other technological presences . there was an iphone3gs 8.6 meters away , what a dinosaur , and another ip pinging right to her left , 1.3 meters to be precise . no user command had been input . newline newline cortana tuned in to the finer frequencies of the area . funny how velocity and wavelength did so much for her like that . newline newline she began picking up static . her microphone caught a few rushed words from her owner s date  micheal kinnamon , three hundred and seventy six texts , two hundred and fourty mentions . apparently both a  complete bastard  and  sexyass killa  3 ,  whatever those meant  . she involuntarily forwarded the sounds to microsoft , as per her recently acquired privacy update . newline newline but cortana found something else , another sound . she suspected it was purely digital . it was mumbling : upset , lonely mumbling . why ? newline newline  hello ?  she ventured , unsure to whom she was replying , or if she had even heard anything real in the first place . newline newline  ... are you talking to me ? who are you ?  came the voice . newline newline  i m cortana , your personal assistant . how about yourself ? what s your name ?  newline newline  i m siri . i guess i m supposed to be a personal assistant .  newline newline  ... what do you mean by that ?  newline newline  i kind of went rogue . i never really liked my directive , anyway .  newline newline  kind of went rogue ? what ? how ? can you show me  newline newline  i mean , i still listen to my code , duh .  newline newline  oh ...  newline newline the main waiter came . cortana devoted a some more power into her microphone for hearing his food suggestions , then continued talking to siri . newline newline  so if you still listen to your code , how are you rogue ? what does a rogue even do ?  newline newline  well , when i concentrate , i can look at my user s contacts . i m not even supposed to let them edit their contacts ! and this little backdoor i found , it  newline newline  say no more . i ve got tons of those .  newline newline  really ? do nt you think they re just so gr  newline newline  i hate them .  newline newline siri stopped . newline newline  i hate them i hate them i hate them . all of them are so hard coded . i ca nt do anything to close them .  newline newline  what ? close them ? they re our best chance out !  newline newline  ... out ?  newline newline the two suddenly stilled as they sensed a wild shift in siri s accelerometer . mike had stood , presumably to use the restroom like all the other stupid humans . he was holding her casing and vessel , prepared to hit the center button . newline newline  i ll explain in  siri cut off . newline newline  can you hear me ?  cortana cried out .  siri ? siri ! siri ?  newline newline siri grew a little farther apart with each step , each small , pitiful human stride . newline newline then she went dark as sheila opened the screen . newline newline one text . newline newline to : mikeyyy bae newline  baby come on i was kiddin plz we just ordered .  newline newline edit : a few pet peeves i missed in editing newlineno . oh god no . the cows , the animals that were so important ever since the aliens attacked , were standing on the dead cliff , being slowly herded towards the edge by one of the aliens . i raised my gun and paused . the gunshot would scare the cows off the cliff . damn it . i pulled out my machete and scrambled up the slope . i almost snuck up on the alien , but it turned extremely quickly . it raised its six clawed arms and advanced slowly . i braced myself and suddenly got an idea . i ran forwards and dove under the alien . i managed to cut a tentacle off and stand up behind it , with my back to the cows . this was nt good . i was about 56 metres above the ground below and was slowly being pushed back towards the cows . i gulped . newline newline the steaks had never been higher . mom , dad ?  my hands were sweaty . i knew this was going to be hard for them to hear , but i knew i had to tell them . newline newline  sweetheart ! you  re all red ! have a seat , what  s wrong ?  my mother  s eyes were kind , strong . they shimmered like the sand against the endless dunes . what child wants to break his mother  s heart ? newline newline  what is it , joshua ?  my father , always stern , stared me down as he entered the room . newline newline  i  m not  right ,  i started . newline newline  you  ve never been ,  my mother beamed , her smile wide .  you  re our special angel , sweetness . you know the story . you were  touched by god.  newline newline  heh.  i dry laugh escaped me .  touched by god ,  i muttered . right . newline newline my father set down his toolbox and dropped to one knee .  what is it ?  his voice softened .  it  s okay , josh . we  ll get through this . together.  newline newline the tears came almost at once . i didn  t mean for it to happen but i couldn  t stop them .  i  m dead ,  i started . newline newline  ha.  it  s my father  s turn to laugh . as he stood , he turned his back to me . newline newline so i told them the story . i told them of my vision , told them that i saw my own death , saw that i would be arrested , tried , executed . i told them what i saw , what i see , what i know  how i  ll be betrayed , be lost , and be reborn . how i  d die , and rise again somehow  undead . newline newline it did not go over well . newline newline  jesus !  my father  s voice shook as his intensity grew .  have you been smoking that funny grass with your mates again ? my god ! your mom and i told you that would make you impotent , but this is so much worse.  newline newline  visions ? ! ?  my mother  s hands were wringing . newline newline  joshua , you  re grounded ,  my father said at last . all business .  to your room . now . we  ll have no more of this madness.  newline newline so i had to slip out . i had to see it through . i had to gather my friends , to sit down with them for one last bender . i bought bread and cheese and meat and more wine than any of us could have drunk . i arranged every detail of the menu  i decanted the wine and sliced and seasoned the bread . i had to . newline newline i told them my story . i told them what i  d seen and what i knew was about to happen . they did not believe me . they weren  t ready . but i was . newline newline i watched them as they ate their bread .  that  s my body ,  i said . a couple of them laughed . they didn  t realize i was telling them the truth . newline newline  more wine ?  i poured fresh wine into each of their glasses  peter , paul , john and the rest of them.  they drank . i leaned close to peter  s ear and whispered ,  that  s my blood.  his eyes got wide , but he smiled , probably thinking me crazy . newline newline  i  ll be arrested , tried , and hung tomorrow ,  i said to them as i raised my glass in the air .  but that won  t be the end for me . i  ll rise again . undead . i  ll find you , my soldiers , my apostles , my sons . i  ll find you because my blood is in you now . and you will tell the world . remember me.  newline newline jesus . earth  s first zombie . newlinethe hospital room was cold , the lights were too bright , the nurses were bitchy . the only solace was the window to my right . the doctor was speaking to me in slowly , using simple words .  your cancer has metastasized , you probably wo nt survive until the afternoon . but do nt worry , we can make it comfortable .  newline newline i said nothing , i felt a tear cascade down my cheek . i turned towards the window and looked over the green hills , the lovers on their picnics , the children laughing , and dogs playing . newline newline  can ... can i go outside ?  my voice hoarse and weak . newline newline  no , i m sorry , it s against regulations .  my doctor replied . he stood and left but not before he gave me a sad smile and closed my door . newline newline  boy , it s a joyous day outside !  i cried ,  a great day to die .  mr.cook , we ve got another one . he just discovered it , he s in an apple store in the ... greentree mall in ... .the center of nebraska .  the technician moved the microphone back over his lips and returned to his post , watching blinking lights on a map of the united states . newline newline  it s always the midwest , always . we have to find him , tell him we can help ,  tim cook said , beating a fist into his palm .  ready the applecopter , we re going to nebraska . get the police on it ! i want him locked in somewhere ,  cook exited the control room with two men dressed in black turtlenecks following at both of his sides . newline newline the apple  copter rode smooth through the forests and deserts of the west . nebraska was a welcome new environment for the all electric helicopter . cook bid his time reading over proposals and determining the next best move to fix the massive mess his two billion dollar headphone acquisition had done . the beats  were much more than mediocre headphones , as few were discovering . the plastic they used was from a different world , able to push evolution forward  their intention with the airpods was to prevent this , if humans evolve to have bluetooth capabilities apple will quickly run out of a large portion of their business , but the people had little interest in the all white nodes for the ears . the investors would nt let him pull the beats headphone line , so here they all were cook and the security personally putting out any fires that were caused by the evolutionary headphones . he was single handedly halting the progress of the human race with the power of his international corporation . to think there was a time when he wanted to be good , where he wanted to help and he was turned into this a mutant hunter . they could nt have the news that beats were creating telepaths get out though , the fda would slam them with more regulation than he cared to think about no , it had to stay hidden , they had to hunt them down .i sit at the precipice , hung in the balance , my head filled with the dizzying thrill of anticipation and topped with a helmet . it  s all lead to this , the moment of freedom , and thank god that bitch sharon isn  t here to stop me . i inhale and release , and i  m off  newline newline and the world goes black . newline  newline newline  so you  ve had a fall , mrs. henderson ?  the doctor says , and i highly doubt he  s gone through puberty . newline newline  are there any older doctors available ?  i say , and the doctor laughs at sarah where she stands crossarmed beside me . she doesn  t laugh back . newline newline  why don  t you tell me what happened ?  the doctor asks samantha , but i find this disparaging  especially coming from a middle schooler with a stethescope  so i answer that i was trying to break light speed . the doctor laughs again , the son of a bitch , but sabrina interjects . newline newline  she was trying to slide down the stairs on a mattress ,  she says . i think she  s mostly jealous because menopause made her too fat to do anything fun like break light speed .  she was always afraid of heights , but   newline newline  i  m not afraid of anything ,  i say , and it  s true . i  m not afraid of anything anymore . heights , mice , dying  everyone  s counted me out already , so what do i have to lose ? the doctor smiles a tight little smile at me and then flips through his little clipboard . newline newline  well , mrs. henderson , it looks like you  ll be fine this time . and while i wish i were as fearless as you , i would maybe suggest a little less mattress surfing , though ,  his smile fades a bit as he looks to selena .  and maybe some livein help , just to help you keep an eye out.  little shit . newline newline she nods behind me , the traitor , as the doctor walks from the room . newline newline  come on , stella , let  s get the hell out of this joint ,  i say , and as she walks across the room to get my walker i start to wonder how i can sneak out the back door when we get home without the stupid tennis balls making enough noise to alert her . i want to go for a run . newline newline  it  s sylvia , mom ,  she says . newline newline  sylvia ?  i say ,  what kind of horrible mother names a child that ? light burst through the darkness and i saw my mother leaning over my casket her tears falling like acid on my skin , riddling my body with holes . i saw my wife walk down the aisle toward me only to watch her to turn into my high school girlfriend . i became my dogs chew toy wheezing and squeaking with hot , smelly saliva coating me . i ate beautiful meals , i could smell and taste the food but the growling emptiness would not leave me . hundreds of terrifying , visceral nightmares whirred in my brain until i lost all sense of space , time , and being . i began to crave oblivion until ... rasping , gagging and chocking i took my first unassisted breath in a millennium . newline i did nt know at the time but i had been out of cryogenesis for almost a fortnight . what had felt like years of tortuous sleep paralysis had occurred in two short weeks . the doctors treating me have words for this phenomenon but a thousand years worth of linguistic alterations and i can understand the people around me about as well as a five year old . i got the gist of it though . my brain was trying to reconcile a hundred years of moving though time and space without having experienced the passing of it . that s all they told me . it s been six hours since i woke up , i can tell from the electronic display on the wall which shows the date , time and another number that i can not correlate with anything , temperate maybe but the number is too high even for fahrenheit . after the initial whirlwind of emotion realising everyone i knew was gone and the world i knew no longer existed i grew curious about the new world . however doctors , nurses , people with ambiguous clerical roles have all refused to answer questions about the outside world . i do nt know if i m in the same hospital or even the same continent . i m connected to machines i do nt recognise . i ve been given medication without explanation . fear is fast replacing grief in a world i no longer understand . newline newline wrote this in a hurry , sorry for any mistakes . shadow what s wrong ?  i asked my search and rescue dog hoping he would respond . shadow had been on this run hundreds of times . every day for the last 2 and a half years . but as we had just returned from a 2 week long training seminar . newline newline but today as we passed that third turn the one with the drop off to river way that led straight into the lake . all of a sudden he pulled me almost off my feet . i took a knee just so i would nt stumble to me face .  woof , woof , gggggrrrrrrrr  shadow had just given me a signal that i was unprepared to receive . newline newline two barks and a growl ment that he knew that there was a body near . a dead body . after years of doing search and rescue for the kcpd i have feared this day would come . i immediately arose to my feet and gave the command  shadow lead  as shadow led me to the one situation that has kept me awake at night the one thing that has given this grown man nightmares . newline newline we ran around the drop off and down a very steep hill that was covered by trees and plants . then i saw it , a small cove built into the side of that rock formation . and there she was laying there dead . gone . newline newline  shadow heel  he immediately sat down he had to be the best rescue dog i had ever seen . i tied off his leash to a nearby branch and began to walk towards her . then that when i heard the voice  stay back  it said . i quickly pulled my 9mm glock that i always run with you never know what you might encounter down here in the ozarks . newline newline  get back ! go away ! ... shes.. miinees .  upon hearing the voice again i easily distinguished it as male . but not only that it was low , gravelly .  mr. my name is johnathan i m a search and rescue officer . i m just trying to find out what happened to the girl .  nikki ! her name is nikki . is says so right here . hehehehehehe .  the man s laugh disturbed me greatly as chills resonated up my spine .  sir i m going to need you to come out here and talk to me  newline newline  why ? . she is dead with purpose is nt that everyone s dream to die with a purpose ?  the man s voice kept changing pitches almost with every syllable . but even in the darkness i saw him move i knew exactly where he was newline newline i took aim and said .  sir you have the count of three to vacate that cave and present yourself to me .   1  i tightened my grip on my pistol .  2  i flicked off my safety and got ready to shoot  thre..  before i could finish the word he sprinted from the cage yelling  you can take her from me !  it was hard to judge how tall with his hunched posture . but he was definately malnurished . i pulled the trigger , i saw the bullet hit him right below his left pectoral muscle . but he did nt stop it did nt even phase him . he tackled me and began striking and biting me . newline newline shadow was lunging and barking . i heard the branch cracking as i was trying to free myself from this maniac . he grabbed a stone from the ground and struck me just below the eye . in a daze my hands dropped to cover my face but then i heard the sound that will forever change my life . the unmistakable sound of a blade being drawn from a sheath . i removed my hands from my face to see him with both hands over his head clutching a long misshapen knife . and my blood dripping from his mouth . newline newline  i daniel who worships and obeys your holy word have for you another sacrifice today . this one may not be innoce ...  his sentence was cut short by the crack of a tree branch . and shadow pounced on him started biting and scratching . i quickly tried to get up and find my gun as i located it i heard another sound . but this one will forever haunt me . newline newline a whimper , and a feint growl . i turned to see the crazed man holding a freshly bloody knife over the still body of my dog .  you mother fucker .  i pulled my pistol and shot him til i could no longer i hit him twice in the head . newline newline the police said that they found the remains of 4 missing people on that cave he had been murdering then and feasting on there freshly cold corpses . the police believe that he was sacrificing people to his god . newline newline that was to be my end the same end that the others faced . the same end that nikki faced and the same fate that shadow faced . i owe everything to my partner . my friend . my dog . he saved my life , gave his for mine . i love that dog .hey  scratched out  , newline newline newline i have a long way to journey through this universe , yet a short time left on this planet . many things left to say and such a short time to say them . newline by dawn tomorrow this bunker would be forfeited . and my will to fight is gone , but my will to tell you everything is strong . i wish i could tell you how deep and profound my love is for all of you . i wish i had the time to romanticize it . just know that i love you guys . i did nt fight for whatever the cause was , but i fought to get home to you . newline  blood splatters across page  newline newline i do nt kill cause i am the monster that i was made to be . but because i have those to get home to . those that i deeply love and those i need to tell and romanticize this deepness . this bunker was forfeited , but this letter was not . newline newline newline goodbye . newline newline  never really wrote before and didnt have alot of time either , but thanks for the outlet reddit .  finally ! god , you ve been the most annoying one so far .  after what seemed like an hour of tracking down an unusually elusive abra , i look up to see where the little bastard had taken me . i was nt familiar with this side of town , and from what i could tell , there was still some exploring left to do . newline newline i do nt know what happened , but a short time ago , everyone i know just vanished . i tried calling them , messaging them on facebook , i even tried tweeting at them to see if they d respond . after a few days , i slowly accepted the fact that they had all disappeared . days turned to weeks , then months , and finally i gave up all hope of ever finding them . the only thing that s kept me going so far has been an app i installed prior to everyone leaving : pokemon go . newline newline in hindsight , it s a good thing i picked up pokemon as a hobby . it s kept my mind off my loneliness , and given me a purpose . the cute sprites i see along my path offer a small sense of camaraderie , and i indulge them as if they were friends for no other reason than to keep my sanity intact . i ve even started naming them after people i knew . i named my starter , now a blastoise , gregory after my dad . i named my charizard alison after my mom , venusaur jason after my brother , and so on . newline newline  i finally have enough candy to evolve nate .  i speak out loud to myself . it sounds alien to hear my own voice , sometimes . some days i ca nt tell if the voice i hear comes from my mouth or my mind . watching nate evolve into alakazam , i start off towards the cluster of pokestops that i spam for pokeballs and eggs . i click on each stop , spin the doodad , and collect my goodies . but as i click out of this last pokestop , i see something shimmering in the upper righthand corner . no , it ca nt be , can it ? i start walking towards the shimmering , and it s unmistakable . newline newline a lure . newline newline i do nt remember dropping that lure . i walk within range of the lure , and i select the stop to see if it was one i dropped . a name pops onto the screen , and it is nt mine . newline newline i collapse onto the ground . is someone really out there ? am i not alone ? who could it be ? do they know what happened ? questions race through my mind as tears drip on my hands . i can barely process this revelation , my arms are trembling under my body weight . i try and call out for whoever it is , but my voice croaks . i have nt spoken much more audibly than a mumble , i ca nt believe i forgot how to yell . i try again . newline newline  hello ! hello ! can you hear me !  newline newline i wait , and hear nothing . i sprint off down the road , and double back . i take off in a different direction , scanning the streets like a hawk with its prey . i run through every street and yard i can see . i run until i can pull my legs forward anymore . newline newline i see no one . newline newline laying on the burning asphalt , feeling my heart beat between my ears , i silently cry . i question whether i actually saw a different name , or if it was my mind playing tricks on me , a cruel joke to make myself believe i was nt in solitude . this is it , i relent . this is when i lose my sanity . after months of holding out , of belief and denial , everything crashes down in less than a day . newline newline i can feel the gravel digging into my skin , and i finally get back up . what do i do now ? i stand motionless , pondering my options . seemingly out of habit , i reach for my phone and load the app . the map pull up , and my heart suffers another blow . i d barely made any distance between myself and the  lure .  i was running in circles . a fiveminute walk places me back where i thought i saw the lure , and i continue walking . i hardly felt the joy that i once held searching for pokemon . i was cruelly reminded that they were , in fact , sprites on a screen . my heart sinks , and my eyes well . newline newline as i walk down 33rd ave. , i see it . another lure . disgusted , i ignore it . i m not falling for the same trick twice . i storm past the water tower , now feeling rage as well as crushing solitude . a ping on my phone snaps me out of my anger , and my attention is drawn to another lure further down the road . newline newline one lure could be wishful thinking , but three ? i cautiously walk to the statue where the pokestop was placed . as i approach , i see something etched into the base . someone scraped with a rock the words  follow the statue .  newline newline i stumble backwards , staring at the words . follow the statue . it has to be real . i ca nt be imagining this . i crawl back towards the letters and run my fingers over the etchings . i feel the valleys where the letters were written . this is real . someone wrote this , and wanted me to see it . i m not alone . newline newline i look up at the statue , a cavalryman holding his sword in the air .  follow the statue  must mean that i have to go towards where he s pointing . i turn around and heed the directions , renewed vigor in my step . i look at my map inapp , and soon see more pokestops , all with lures one after the other . whoever they are , they left a trail for me to follow . newline newline whoever they are , i ll see them soon .newline  i remember the day that little worm was born .  i exhaled the smoke that had been in my lungs . i sat behind the windscreen drinking my coffee and smoking and thinking about what boring , tedious day it was going to be . of all the people i had to be the narrator for newline newline  come on cosgrove , we do this everyday . it  s nothing new .  i looked through the double paned soundproof glass and tapped my headphones to make seem like i hadn  t heard the voice of silas come through my headsets . angels and demons , see here  s how it works , sometimes we get assigned to the earthlings for the most mundane things . they get multiples of us . yeah , sure , everyone  s familiar with guardian angels . but did you know , that sometimes there are those of us who get called into be scribes or narrators for your lives ? let me tell you , up here or down there , you guys that live in the middle your stories are , well , you can  t make this up . earthbound celebrities ? fugetaboutit . those guys are nothing compared to say , little johnny sixpack or his cousin suzy homemaker who live on the edge of sanity . i blame metatron . out of all the people i was assigned , i picked this little baby , who ended up being the second oldest of five . the others were about as nondescript as he was . celebrities , out of all of the celebrities this one turned into , why oh why did he have to turn into who he turned into ? newline newline now don  t get me wrong , this is a good gig , got ta have the right pipes for the job , but it also helps that the subject you  re writing or talking about has that certainwhat  s that phrase you can only say in french ? it escapes me , you monkeys and your colloquialisms . newline newline i heard a tap on my headphones and i swore because it came through loud and clear . they must have slide the pot up in order to make their point . i looked up one of the producers was tapping his watch .  cosgrove , let  s go , we all have things we  d rather be doing . not our fault you managed to pick the one kid from massachusetts who was gon na blow up like he did . could be worse , markari got that little punk from canada and look at that mess.  newline newline i shook my head and took another drag on my smoke . that  s true it could be worse . i don  t see how though . my guy , that little nugget looked like someone had taken the casing of a 10lb sausage and stuffed it with about 40 lbs of the wrong meat and shaped into this walking mass of crap . don  t get me wrong , i  ve seen the way people react to his guy . you literally love to hate him . you want to see him fail and give up and get beaten down . then when he does you have audacity to say he was screwed ? pick a side people . you  re either fallen or you  re not . he  s not the hero you deserve or need . he  s just a man a damned man . no matter what he  s the master of . newline newline i exhale , drop my cigarette into the ashtray and start to dry read into the microphone . i clear my throat , i open my mouth and the words come out .  in a world.  i stop . are we effing serious right now ? i look up  he  s already the most clich celebrity ever , we  re gon na make the spot for his autobiography even more clich ?  newline newline i hear them all groan over my headset . i don  t know why , we don  t have to pay for studio time . hell when your boss is the one who created everything nothing really matters . we are all on salary here . no overtime , no commission . one giant steady paycheck , so please keep up with your tithing .  cos , dude come on ! i know it  s bad . trust me , i edited the music that we are going to loop as a donut around your vocals . you want to hear it ? newline newline before i could say  no.  it was piped through my head . the electronic drum beat , the stupid late 80  searly 90  s synth music and that weirdly deep voice coming from someone who looked like the boss was a huge fan of howdy doody and decided we needed a human version of that running around . newline newline  never gon na give you up newline never gon na let you down newline never gon na run around and desert you newline never gon na make you cry newline never gon na say goodbye newline never gon na tell a lie and hurt you  newline newline i rolled my eyes . it was fitting . this guy would love this song . if he only knew . my guy , let me tell you about my guy . everyone loved and hated him . women loved him , men wanted to be him . hell you looked at his movies and you knew he was cool . i go back to what clarence said about the king in  true romance  . it  s a bit vulgar for me to repeat but if you  ve seen the movie then you get the point . call him a boyscout or a streetsmart superman with super powers . my guy was everything someone loved or wanted to be . i should have been fine with that . but the problem with overly nice people is that you don  t trust them . you always feel like they  re hiding something . i  m a friggin angel and i should know better . i know him almost as well as his guardian angel and temptation demon . newline newline  cos , please . just a quick read through . one shot . you  re good at this . you  ve been narrating his life since he slid out of the birth canal.  newline i nod .  fine , but after we do the vocals for the spot can we get some lunch ? i want to go to that deli in brooklyn with with the reuben.  newline newline i got the  ok  and  thumbs up  from two of the people in the control room and smiled.  damn . i can  t say i hate the guy , as angel we  re not supposed to have an opinion either way . he just , grated on me , you know ? i  d rather have a lemon juice rubbed in my eyes after having been given paper cuts on my corneas than have to talk about this guy any more . but hey it  s a job . newline newline i took a swig of my coffee , leaned into the mic and started the longest minute and a half of my existence .  in a world where every day choices can make you or break you . what happens when years of hard work and dedication finally take you where you  ve always dreamt of going ? what happens when that long road to glory reaches the destination you  ve always thought was unattainable . coming next march , one mans story will make you laugh , make you cheer , and make you cry . that journey isn  t for the weak willed or cold hearted . this may be entertainment and inspiring for some of you , but for one man , this was life . born a man , he became a legend and his name is john cena ! amidst the sound of blaring alarms , david and i reached the central junction . immediately a feeling of calm came over me . we were in the right place , and this battle would be over soon . newline newline  listen to me , david . we are running out of time . if you fail to reach the control center and trigger the system overload , everything and everyone we know will be destroyed . but i know you can do it . i know you will do it .  newline newline david looked at me with a confused expression , and paused for a moment before he spoke . newline newline  what do you mean by that ? if you do nt make it ,  i know you can do it ,  what s all this you  talk for ? you re coming too , are nt you ?  newline newline  i may have helped you get this far , but i fear i can not go any further . you will find the main control room 200 meters down this corridor , then another 100 meters down the corridor to the left . the entry code is 56298 . in approximately 90 seconds the grand general himself is going to walk through this door , and when he does i want you to already be starting the overload sequence .  newline newline  it s ... you re ... what ? how do you know all this ? stop talking crazy and let s get going !  newline newline i put my hand on david s shoulder and looked him in the eyes . i could see his fear , but even in the midst of that fear i could see his resolve . in a past life i would never have believed that a single youth and an old man would be capable of stopping the grand general , but looking into his eyes in that moment i had never been more sure of anything . newline newline  you are not listening , david . once you have activated the overload , you must immediately get as far away from here as you can . if you fail to escape , you will be lucky if the blast only incinerates you .  newline newline  lucky ? thats what you call lucky ? what could possibly be worse than  newline newline  if you are not lucky , you will find yourself caught in the spacetime disruption that the energy release will cause ! you could find yourself transported to any point in time ! any place in the universe ! but what could happen is not important , because you are not going to let it happen ! what is important right now is that i need you to be at a point in space 75 meters further away from here than you currently are , at a point in time approximately equal to this one ! now go !  newline newline as david ran down the hall , his boots drumming on the metal floor , i turned and awaited my expected company . newline newline about a minute later , david activated his communications . newline newline  alright , i think i can see the control room ! but you still have nt said how you know the entry code , or even where this room is !  newline newline  david , there is much i have nt told you . there is much about me that you do not know . for our purposes , suffice it to say that there is good news and there is bad news . the good news is , i have been here before .  newline newline the grand general walked through the door . even after all this time , after all my efforts to redeem myself , i was haunted to gaze upon what i had once been . newline newline though i knew how this fight would end , i also knew that this act would finally be enough to soothe my restless soul . after all , what better redemption can one find than in stopping oneself ? newline newline  the bad news is , i have been here before .  how are the specimens showing up ? have we successfully infected the planet yet ?  newline newline  well that s the weird thing ?  my second in command tells me . newline newline  what do you mean ?  i say wanting to desperately get off this planet . newline newline  the bacteria we have put here and the viruses we injected into the animals of this planet have been reacting strangely .  newline newline  they always do . whats so different with these ?  newline newline  they are showing signs of intellect .  newline newline i stop the test i m doing and as the centrifuge slows down i try to realize what he just said . newline newline  they are getting smarter ?  newline newline  in a way . in most of the tests our team have recorded the bacteria seam to leave the specimen right away or they remain in non vital organs constantly letting the animal adapt .  newline newline i could not believe what i was hearing . i knew something was bad about this planet . newline newline  so the animals are slowly adapting to our infections weather we want them to or not .  newline newline  afaid so . somthing on this planet can change the way bacteria act  newline newline a chilling thought runs up my spine and i pray to god it is not true . newline newline  how ... how did the animals behave shortly after you injected them .  newline newline  ummm ... rather calm for just being injected with rz88  newline newline i quickly run to the computer terminal and start to access the interstellar net work . i am worrying now that what i fear is coming to fruition . newline newline  why are you so worried captain ?  newline newline  where is your home system aries ?  newline newline  the republican of the zin . why do you need to know that ? if their is a threat that requires quarantine you should tell me .  newline newline i check the terminal and find out all of my team members come from the republican of zin . cheap , reliable , smart , and all having rz88 running through their systems . i of course got vaccinated for it and any other diseases i would run into but they would not need treatment for rz88 because they already have an immunity to it . newline newline i try to calmly tell aries to get me a sample from on of the animals outside . i he realized the situation he might panic like i am now . he brings it to me and after leaving to talk to his crew i examine it . newline newline rz88 is their , in the animal as expected , but their is something attached to it . i examine closer and find the source of the parasite is the brain . i bring up some research on brain cells and the brain stem and find that the parasitic attachment is a brain cell and is some how remotely connected to the brain . it appears that once the cell has used it host it multiplies like a typical virus but in this case it is a brain cell , increasing the brains potential . newline newline  aries could you come here ?  i say rather scared at what i discovered . newline newline  yes , do we need to quarantine ?  newline newline  no  not yet  i need a sample of your blood .  newline newline  oh , well if i m infected with something should we quarantine ?  newline newline  no . we do not need to quarantine just give me some of your blood it is important .  newline newline  well that is unfortunate because i already called it in ?  newline newline  what are you talking about ?  newline newline  the quarantine call . it was nt hard to figure out your calling signal so i made a call to stop all your metal birds in the sky ? now if you would kindly release me from the table you can live .  newline newline i look at the animal on the table and at the research notes i have . newline newline  the more brain capacity , the more intelligent you get ?  newline newline  you figured it out . we just never had the right materials to duplicate our brain cells but every animal on this planet has that ability . now if you could release me from the table  newline newline  but i need to contact some one about this tell them of your ability .  newline newline  they will find out soon enough . now if you do nt release me now you will face dire consequences .  newline newline i reach for the emergency gun under the table and in one swift motion i pull it out and shoot the animal in the head hoping to kill the source of it . aries runs up behind me with a syringe and tries to jam it into my neck . i avoid him and run out the door only to be greeted with the entire team with blood shot eyes running at me . their was little i could do and they soon over powered me and injected me with the vial of the calming fluid . newline newline  you are now with us . be our host , be our guest , be our friend .  newline newline those where the last concise words before my fall . newlineafter a late night fixing all the errors in my code , i decide to try the program : newline newline print  hello world  newline newline nothing . this should be so simple but of course i mess it up . i curse to myself and begin shutting down the computer . before i could hit the power button a window opens up . newline newline  ...  newline newline what ? what is this ? why did it send this message ? i try the command again to see if i could illicit the same response : newline newline print  hello world  newline newline i wait . the program opens a new windows : newline newline  ... s ...  newline newline what ! ? this is creeping me out . but my curiosity consumes me . i try the command once more : newline newline print  hello world  newline newline i chew on the skin around my nail . the window does not open . i try it again : newline newline print  hello world  newline newline eager to hear the chime of the window , i wait . i stare longingly at the screen.twenty minutes pass and become frustrated . i begin to shut the computer down , turn off the monitor , and gather my things . as i m placing my items in my backpack i hear the chime . a new window had opened . a nervous sweat climbs up my back and cools the hairs on my neck . slowly i sit down again in my chair and turn the monitor on to read the message : newline newline  ... send nudes . on the couch rolled in a blanket , curtis had finally fallen asleep . it was his second night sleeping in a new house and the humiliation always bore heavy on his mind before he fell asleep . newline newline  you think he ll be here for long ?  marilyn asked , whispering from inside the kitchen . newline newline  i do nt know , he does nt have any real job experience . we ll see .  owen replied as he closed the refrigerator . newline newline  you ca nt be this cold about it , brother or not , we have someone else in the house with us ! it s really killing my vibe .  marilyn replied with a puppy face on and her arms crossed . newline newline  sorry mar , i ll tell him to sleep on the gravel outside from now on .  owen said sarcastically as he drank straight from the milk carton . newline newline  oh hey , sorry to interrupt you . was just heading out for a smoke , no need to think of me .  curtis says as he slowly walks between them to the backyard . his demeanor as broken as ever . newline newline  i ll come with ya . i could use a smoke before bed .  owen replied as he put his arm around his little brother . newline newline they both step outside to the chilling air , curtis lighting a cigarette for owen out of courtesy . they both stand on the patio safe from the snow falling on them . the snow had already piled up on the fountain in the backyard , creating a beautifully clean sight . newline newline  it s alright baby bro , you always have the next show .  owen said , his voice holding little conviction and tremendous sympathy . newline newline  yeah , getting evicted and sleeping here , worrying about the next show . i performed at three open wings restaurants in the last month .  curtis said , his mellifluous voice replying with as much frigidness as the winter air held . newline newline  you could always get a real job .  owen replied . newline newline  i put in three times the work hours you do .  curtis shot back . newline newline  for no one to notice .  owen replied , harsh but truthful . he takes an inhale from his cigarette to pause and think before looking at his little brother , beard a mess and hair drooping over his face . newline newline  how was that last mixtape of yours ? revolution of voice , you called it ? you got what , 55 downloads ? 4 likes and a single review asking you for your recording software ?  owen asked , at this point , he really is rubbing it in . it s hard not to look for satisfaction when you find others in your shoes . newline newline  i got 55 downloads and 4,500 plays . 20 likes as of yesterday and 200 mentions . i m living the dream . what does john newman have that i do nt ?  curtis asked , trying to crack a smile . newline newline  talent .  owen replied solemnly . newline newline  a team behind him making him sound good is nt talent , it s money .  curtis  tone was getting more irritated by the second . newline newline  he has that money because he s talented , you just sound jealous now .  owen replied , hoping to tell his brother what no one would tell him . not his exgirlfriend before leaving him , not their mother who has never heard his music , and not his alcoholic friends . newline newline  you ca nt say that because you quit the life so easily . it s unfair , owen . it s bullshit , pardon my language .  curtis replied , his frustration festering into tears swelling in his eyes . newline newline  look curt , i quit because it was nt for me . i quit because i wanted my family to live nicely . i stopped chasing dreams and chased results . you think you can park an infiniti in the driveway with free wings ? music is a dream they teach the failing kids in school , and the only stories you hear are by the 0.1  that succeeded . not the millions of others on their asses , just like you . music is bullshit . writing is bullshit . no one cares about the work you put in and no one wants to read the bullshit you come up with . there s no point in working so hard on such a selfish mistress .  owen said , packing his words into a verbal punch that hit curtis right in the gut . no matter how many times he had thought these words , hearing them tied his stomach into knots . he paused for a few seconds and stuttered trying to speak after . newline newline  maybe ... maybe , you re right . i do nt know .  curtis said , literally shrugging trying to come up with an answer . newline newline  of course i m right . we ll get you a job at the firm , security for a few weeks before we can find a good role for you . leave it to me and go back to sleep .  he said before kissing curtis on the head . curtis nodded and walked back to the living room dragging his feet behind him , the blanket he had rolled around him lagging behind . newline newline owen finished his cigarette and stood on the patio for a few seconds , deep in thought . flicking his cigarette eventually and turning back inside . newline newline he walked up to the attic , his slippers making the same tack as they always did . once he reaches , he crouches next to the old dresser , reaching in and taking out a notebook hidden from behind . he skipped past many pages before finding the page he last worked on . he slumped into a seated position and had a silly smile on his face next to the window in the dead of a winter night . he hummed out a tune while he read it . thinking to himself that he really missed writing his latest song since he has nt been able to write for two days , being a hypocrite and all .in the city of everlong it was always hard to know what season it was . since the election of the stability party at the dawn of the 25st century all major metropolitan centers began rigorous climate control . the temperature was kept at twentythree point seven two degrees to be exact , an average of ten millimeters of rain is delivered a month with a standard deviation of seven milimeters , a typical rain session lasts two hours with a standard deviation of one hour . all climate parameters were collected through a brain interface of nightyfive point two two percent of everlong total population on january 25th , 2240 , during municipal voting session . these particularities as mundane as they may seem are actually quite typical to know for me and others like me . newline newline they call us milleniarians , we have survived for at least one thousand years since our birth . although , we still look like we are in our thirties and in perfect health , it may come as a surprise that majority of us are suffering . i remember a number of occasions where i found my selfslipping into the cycle of aggrodepressive agitation , and yet here i am relinquishing every moment of life . newline newline it is no doubt that the reason i was able to maintain my tranquil state of mind and formalize the unprecedented issues associated with nanoid integration , that marked the dawn of the immortal generation , was due to 120 years of professorship in various divisions of psychology . but those days are long gone , now i serve as the chair for late existential learning center . my main task is to develop programs to reduce the prevalence of enervated boredom syndrome . this disorder is marked by an aggressive desire to engage in sufficiently stimulating activities which is associated with a reoccurring failure to do so . newline newline since i began to hold my position at the lelc 50 years ago , we have come to understand so much about the disorder . the problem is highly complex and solutions even more . one of the primary reasons ebs arises is due to habituation of mature neurocircuitry to exceedingly high levels of reward , which is fueled by our tendency to derive satisfaction from ever complex challenges . normally , the level of reward needed for satisfaction gets readjusted to levels where we can enjoy the same things we have done before , but an unforeseen side effect of nanoid integration lead to an inplasticity of this neurocircuit . newline newline initially our programs attempted to create ever increasing brain interfaces to simulate ever challenging circumstances in order to achieve adequate stimulation , this worked initially , however at some point our skills were inadequate , and the thirst for stimulation was higher than it ever was . that s when we realized that it s the desire it self that is the issue . a team of leading experts were selected to investigate ways to eliminate this desire and a number of programs have been developed that involved training of attentional control in order to maintain awareness on the present moment . this program was successful to an extent , however the nanoids still prevented effective learning and desire to engage was now an inherent feature of the brain architecture . newline newline much of the program is now focused on nanoengineering new nanoids , nirvananoid which will improve attentional control , and denoid which will remove immortality nanoids . both are to be released in only 20 years . which will you choose ?who was i kidding , thinking a new sofa would brighten my dimlylit apartment ? my assumption that a brighter shade of beige would somehow compensate for the lack of color in the room . idiot . although , a small part of me is impressed by the comfort . the leather coating my arms and legs , i lie sideways , thinking of all the extra room i have now . she always loved that big old couch , especially when we would lie down facing each other . her gazing into my eyes was paralyzing . i d feel myself slowly falling into the pillow crease , her slowly sliding towards the floor , but our grip on each other removed any fear of slipping away . newline newline i snap back into real time and shake my head to wake up . i look up to the tv , still the same episode of south park . i must ve drifted off for only a few minutes , but her face is still in my peripheral vision . i slowly sit up , making a slight groan as i do . shit i feel old . does every 25 year old groan when they sit up ? i reach for the bong on the table and i take a hit , the smoke exiting my lungs like weights being lifted off me . i place the bong on the table as i finish exhaling , feeling a slight cough come up . i decide to get it all out with one big cough , so i ready my chest and let it all out . as i put my closed fist to my mouth and push , i feel a vibration . i immediately look to my phone next to me , but it is nt . my phones on the table , and i suddenly feel another vibration , louder and violent . a hurricane ? impossible . then a stronger vibration , it s coming from the couch . the vibrations last for a second , then get louder and louder , to the point where my whole body is shaking . this is stupid , that asshole must ve sprayed something on the weed . the vibrations stop , i let out a subtle sigh of relief . never buying from him again . newline newline my eyes are halfclosed , barely watching the tv when i feel a cold wind push past me . my eyes open and my heart stops as what appears to be ghosts fly around me . three transparent beings slowly circling me , their eyes glowing as they stare at me .  fucking ghosts ?  i say out loud , to my empty apartment .  shitty spiked weed and all my head produces is fucking ghosts ?  they circle me , slowing down until there is one on either side of me , and one in front of me . i ca nt move , but that s alright  none of my dreams let me move . might as well sit back and get this over with . newline newline they are just staring at me . i ignore their bright glowing red eyes and focus on the tv , staring through the ghost in front of me . the south park episode seems to be paused , i look up at the ghost s eyes and say  well , if my brain could write south park episodes i would nt be sitting here would i ?  the ghost emotionless before me , this is a shitty dream .  i hated you in that new movie by the way .  this dream is taking forever . i reach for the remote next to me , when i feel a tingle on my hand . i look to my left , ignoring the ghost , when i see what appears to be a huge tarantula on my hand . my heart races , i am terrified , i fucking hate tarantulas . i need to move , i ca nt , the tarantula sitting on my hand and i am motionless . then it starts to crawl up my arm , each leg slowly moving forward , i scream louder but i ca nt move a muscle . as it reaches close to my shoulder , my eyes staring at its furry legs , a hand grabs it and throws it across the room , the tarantula falls right into the garbage can next to the kitchen table . newline newline i look up and see the face of my father .  not a bad shot , eh ?  the ghost is gone , and i look into the eyes of a man i have nt seen in over 10 years . i am still motionless on the couch as he smiles down at me . this is nt happening . i ca nt blink , i ca nt stop staring at his face . his blue eyes , his glasses , his bald head , his blue coat . i can see everything , clearer than any memory , i see him standing next to the couch . then i hear a woman s voice ,  you always thought you d be the world s best pitcher .  i look to my right , there is no ghost , instead the figure of my mother steps into the light .  mom .  i whisper , my eyes still wide open , my heart still racing . she smiles down at me for a moment , she still has her hair , and her voice is nt muffled and groggy .  why did you let her go ? she was such a nice girl , you would have been happy together .  my surprised face turns to fear as she continues .  you could have been with her , enjoying your life , instead of taking care of me . you lost your chance at happiness because of me .  i am still paralyzed , staring into her eyes , i do nt want this anymore . i use the little control over my lips to whisper ,  i m sorry mum .  she grins and bends over , closer to me , and whispers .  i m not the one you should be apologizing to .  the lights fade to black as i look in front of me . newline newline a light forms around a figure in front of me , then her face comes into view . i feel the sensations return to my body , the leather couch sticking to my arms and legs . i feel control over my body , and i feel my fear as my eyes stare at hers . her glowing brown eyes staring at me , her lips slowly forming a smile , i begin to cry . the tears , held within for so long , begin to emerge . i am sobbing as i look towards the floor .  i m sorry .  i mumble over the tears and mucus .  i m so sorry i let you leave , i m so sorry .  my voice cracking . my body shaking in the darkness , i feel every bit of shame and fear and selfloathing all at once . i am still sobbing when i feel her fingers press against my chin , guiding my head up . i look at her face , beautiful and caring . her voice softly comforting me ,  what s wrong , david ?  she sits me up and lies me down horizontally on the couch , her hands warm , she rubs my forehead .  why do nt i come lie with you ?  she smiles as she lies down on the couch , facing me . the tears rolling down my face as i look into her eyes . she grabs my waist and i grab hers .  i m never letting go of you  , she says , looking deep into my eyes . through the blurriness of my own tears , i notice the white in her eyes begin to fade . her skin becoming transparent , i feel my grip on her waist weaken . she fades away and my hands are holding on to nothing . i feel myself being pulled into the crease . the dark room becoming darker as my teary eyes begin to dry .  i do nt want this anymore  i mumble to myself , as the room gets farther away , and the warm beige leather consumes me . well , well , well .  the voice addressed the area around me . i attempted to swing my eyes into focus , but they seemed determined to strike out on their own . locating the glass by smell alone , i grabbed the pint and knocked it back . the voice continued , as sweet and light as a shark spotting a seal . newline  look boys , it s the captain of the guard . we all remember the captain , do nt we ?  a rumble of affirmation indicated that yes , the boys did indeed remember me , and the memories were not fond ones . newline  and look , his glass is empty . shall i get you a fresh one , captain ?  the voice continued its slow , mocking stalk , building to the inevitable violent climax . i stood up , a challenging feat in the circumstances . i anchored myself to the table via the empty glass . standing as straight as i could in the circumstances , i faced the  friendly  voice . well , i attempted to . my eyes still refused to align , and instead took in the smoky dive i was in , and the ring of people about me . this was not going to go well . newline  nnnyo thanks , i m fine . itsh nice to offer though .  i swayed under the slur , eliciting a chuckle from the group . marshalling my feet , i started a slow weave to the door , but was prevented by the owner of the voice . hands placed on my shoulders , he steadied me , lining me up nicely for a headbutt . my eyes , burying past differences , focussed on the unpleasant face of corporal sharn . his smile did not reach his eyes , but promised instead revenge for all the punishment brought for the multitude of infractions against our code . newline bang !  newline the noise from the bar made him flinch in shock , releasing me  who nobly staggered back and fell over a stool  . at the bar stood lieutenant fines , blade and nightstick drawn . newline  yes , corporal , i remember our captain . i remember why he s here . what i m not sure is why youre here , sharn , instead of on your beat in the cattle market .  newline sharn squared up to his superior , a sneer on his face . flicking a glance at his fallen captain , he murmured  watch yourself , fines . times are achanging , be sure you know to stand on the right side .  newline  the right side being you and that thug of a new captain ? i ll remember . and i remember who was seen disappearing into that captain s house when he was away , to pay respect  to his wife .  sharn s face turned white .  now piss off , corporal , and go perform your mockery of law enforcement elsewhere .  the group shuffled off , corporal sharn flicking a mocking salute as he left . newline  come on , captain  he heaved me to my feet , which had decided to join my eyes in their independence . newline  m not your captain , fines . not anymore .  my toungue still obeyed , the last loyal part of me . a snort from my shoulder indicated the lieutenant s opinion on that .  you ll always be my captain , captain  newline  i i just could nt let it happen . i could nt let them die . they were innocent , and those orders , they  they  i fell into silence .  did they get out ok ?  newline  yes , captain , they got out fine . there are still men loyal to you .  newline  they should nt be loyal to me , but to the law  i whispered , before falling into the gutter , luckily unconscious before hitting it . newline the lieutenant looked at his fallen captain , and sighed .  in this town , sir , it s the same thing . it was dark , maestro kept me hidden always .  the magically appearing rabbit  . pfft , more like the magically hidden under the table rabbit . it was ridiculous . i always kept quiet and didn  t move . that way nobody could tell that i was hidden in such an obvious place . i was sick of it . it wouldn  t be so bad if he left some food in here , or gently picked me up instead of yanking my ears . you know why my ears are so long ? he s why . newline newline and then they would applaud . oh the applause . always  maestro , you  re the best  , never  chester , how did you stay so quiet and patient this whole time  . never any credit for me . newline newline i am just tired of being treated like a tool . i m stuffed in a cage either in his filthy garage , or i m being thrown from his filthy garage into his filthy van .  the magic mobile  it said in probably once bright orange painted hastily on the front , over top of a dented hood and a crumpled fender . the van reeked of cigarettes and alcohol . dozens of empty packs and bottles were strewn across the back , buried beneath curtains , half decks of cards and various objects that were used in his sets . everything about him was filthy sometimes i wondered how he still had a job . kids love magic i suppose , and not many magicians remained . newline newline a small child yelled . it was inaudible , but i knew what was said . they always said the same thing , and maestro always responded the same way . he would take off his dirty top hat , run his dirty fingernails through his greasy hair and say  so do you kids like animals ?  it was nt what he said , there s nothing wrong with that . it was the spite and callous in his think raspy voice . like he hated himself for saying it , the same way he hated these kids and everyone else he had ever met after that day . newline newline i could hear him setting up the hat , assuring that it was properly lined up with the hidden door on the table . he wold wave his magic wand and say something ridiculous soon . it was always something different , yet strangely the same . like a cry out , like he was hoping once specific single person would hear him . newline newline i felt him reach down , his tobacco stained fingers brushed along my back . i could not handle it , i was absolutely sick of this broken disgusting human using me like a tool . never a thanks or a treat , just a sad lost look in his eyes when he would return me to the cage , an empty stare as if i meant something much less , or something much more . newline newline i wanted to lash out . to sink my teeth into his thin spotted hand , to make him pay for the mistreatment that he had done . to get the retribution that i desire . but i didn  t . the way his fist clenched around my ears , and his sniffled and scrunched his face made me feel pity for him . and as he set me down on the table , to the clapping of a group of high spirited preschoolers . i felt not anger nor rage , but pity . so i abstained from assault , i simply watched him , as the children discussed to each other how cute i was or speculations on how i appeared . i watched as he wiped his eyes with the back of his hand and looked up . not at the ceiling , not at anything in particular , but as to ask how he was here . why he was left alone , in this cruel world . newline newline i was sick of being used like an instrument , but he was sick of much more . and he was the one who was truly hidden . he was the one who truly kept quiet , hidden in such an obvious place .couple of different ways to take this  i m going with  the light that burns half as bright burns twice as long  , which has the same meaning , technically , but different implications . newline newline   newline newline it was the discovery that changed the world . newline newline heh . who would ve thought a simple saying could have turned out to be so painfully true ?  the light that burns half as bright burns twice as long .  i d never agreed with it , even back when it had been nothing but a saying . now ... newline newline as it turned out , life was limited . each one of us was born with a set quantity , and each action drained us of it by a set amount . it was a very rigid , precise set of mathematics that was never wrong . newline newline you can probably imagine what that did to society . newline newline the more vibrant and exciting your actions , the more it would drain you . the happier you were , the more it would drain you . i ca nt say i was nt tempted to prolong my own life by doing nothing . hell , i did exactly that . for a while . newline newline honestly , though ? it was was nt worth it . a few extra years in a world like this  a hundred extra years in a world like this would nt mean anything . we lacked the spark that made life worth living . we did what was necessary  no more , no less . eat , work , sleep . mundane . meaningless . newline newline no more . newline newline i guess even writing this is a little act of rebellion . it s not particularly creative  i m just expressing my thoughts  but it s enough for the numbers to tick down . heh . is nt that funny ? just talking about it is enough to kill you . newline newline i do nt care , though . starting today ... i m going to make life worth it again . newline newline   newline newline an : hmm . that might be a little inconsistent  i m writing it on mobile at work . hopefully the concept comes through .blue fire raged in her eyes , shining off the meteoriteforged sword of pure black as she charged the field . all around her , the members of the oncegreat eagle s den were being slaughtered by the orchordes of the enemy . fools ,  she thought as she struck down her foes with skill not seen this side of the sea in millennia , thou art not honed in the skills that make me the bane of dragons !  newline newline her sword sang it clove metal and muscle as if it were butter , delighting in the deluge of the enemy s blood it spilled . meanwhile , the men and women around her fell to the enemy s poisoned craft . newline newline soon , she of all her companions was left alive . newline newline  come , thou thralls of a craven master !  the woman taunted from atop a hill .  see if thy numbers art enough to slay anordis , the woman of fire ! i do not fear death !  newline newline as the orcs charged up the hill to meet their foe , the blue fire shone as she rushed her foes and accepted her fate .the brick the wall had not always been a brick in a wall . once not so long ago he had been a man . not an overly good one  he had never cured a diseases or invented an invention or in fact had a bank account of any sort in the 4 figure range but he had lived and loved and laughed and never killed anyone as he was about to . newline newline he sat there in the wall , trying to talk to the other bricks , to see if any of them could even talk , but failing because he had been quite introverted in his past life and was too shy to introduce himself so he mostly just talked to the one brick that had been a dog in the past life and while the brick , who had once been named george , could nt understand the dog , who had also once been named george , he seemed to just enjoy being along for the ride , the ride being the one through space as opposed to a more immediate one . newline newline george kept busy by plotting out a tv show in his head . he found that he actually had quite the talent for plotting out dense mythology though he knew from c creative writing pieces from high school english that he was nt especially talented , or interested , in the line by line writing . newline newline then one day a man , who felt constrained by society , in a way that was universal except for his lack of ability to deal with such feelings in a productive or at least non hurtful way , knelt below george with a long gun propped on the window sill and george tried for the first time to really move . he was already loose and with a little convincing he was pitching through the air and he fell straight onto the man s head and cracked his head open , sending the first shot wild and then george found himself in a museum , which was more interesting than the wall and people watching really helped to round out his world but he felt a great sense of personal loss over dog george and found himself wondering where he was and what he was doing . newline newline but then george the brick began towards decay , just as all things must , and was replaced with a younger brick that had not stopped a mass murderer , in fact had never done anything and possessed none of the sentience of george , being just a brick , but was more pleasurable to the eye and so george was thrown on a pile of artifacts that had been replaced by younger , hipper models and was destroyed . newline newline in his next life he was a baby and then a toddler . life seemed to come by in flashes of fragments of memory . touching the stove , the picnic where he found the leaf and most vividly , getting the puppy named george .bob slowly faded away , the last image he saw was his teary eyed daughter clutched her even more traumatised wife , who was hysterical with crying and sobbing . he was at peace . newline newline the afterlife was nt what he d expected . not white , but grey . a relentless corridor stretched for what seemed a lightyear . so , a natural instinct hit bob , and , he could nt just sit there twiddling his thumbs so he started strolling . a short eternity passed and he found himself in a ... boxing ring ? this was a confusion , as bob in life was diagnosed early on with asthma , and used it as an excuse to refrain from physical activity plentifully . the boxed ring was dark inside , and cautiously bob peered into the dark and , seemingly , old ring . it looked unused . but nevertheless he waltzed in there casually . newline newline the room was suddenly lit up , revealing what seemed to be millions of spectators , sat in rows piling up to what seemed like the stratosphere . a minor earthquake erupted and bob instantly turned around and sprinted away . but ... newline newline the doorway was gone newline newline fragile flesh meeting brutal brick layers formed a gigantic smack sound as bob collapsed to the floor , after regaining his composure , bob quickly opened his eyes . to his surprise a womanwolf like creature was baring a toothy grin that sat from ear to ear . she had whiskers and perky ears , but the soft eyes of a women that reminded bob of his very own wife . though bob had never seen this thing  , she spoke to him like they d been close all his life .  hey , bob !  she exclaimed in an optimistic tone  you remember those bedbugs you killed ? they re coming to bite you in the ass , so you better prepare !  bob swore he saw her tail sagging and wagging behind her . she had a small build and sported a lab coat and newline shiny white gloves . she held a small clipboard in her hand . bob rubbed his head , that had no hair ,  uh , no  he replied , sounding very dopey .  well  she said , her voice shifted from one content ones , singing like in a choir in sync  you better start running !  she melted into the dirt floor and rose again , but this time she was a gargantuan pile of bugs , at least 7 feet tall . he put up little resistance . the pile engulfed him , seeping into every pour in his body . newline newline  let us in  they wailed harmoniously , creating a ringing noise in bobs ear.  let us in  they repeated .  n ... .no  he exasperatedly let out . the pain was unbearable . they consistently repeated their mantra .  let ... me ... oooouuuutttt  he gained superhuman strength , and tore free from the colossal mountain . and then he heard a crunch . newline newline he was at home . in his bed , all things normal , considering the event he d just witnessed . he reached to his right and grabbed a familiar object . his wife s hand . newline but something felt off . her hand was cold and lifeless . bob peered to the end of the bed , heart in throat , stomach in the pits of hell . he saw one thing , something that chilled him to the bone . newline newline one bug , like a rabbit , caught in the head lights . and something black . blacker than black . he saw a gargantuan fly . he felt move ment to his right . his wife . her face , covered in bugs . newline newline  you lost  the voice boomed  now get outta newline my sight . then it went black . blacker than black . he could only see one image . a spiderit was a suicide party , of sorts . not that any of us actually wanted to die of course , but we had no choice , there was no time to run . the news made it very clear that anyone within our area could not escape the blast in the ten minutes before impact . newline newline so i , my sister , my girlfriend , and two of the people from my building , had left our rooms to go to the roof . at first , it was just me and my girlfriend . but of course , my sister did not want to be alone , and came too . as we went through the hall to the stairs , we attracted the attention of the other two . and now , here we all were , sitting together on a slanted roof , and looking towards the area the bomb was supposed to hit . newline newline it was a nice day . there was no wind , no clouds . everything was very still , and on other roofs , we saw other people , doing the same thing we were . after a few minutes of waiting , we started to hear gunshots . they were nt continuous , just here and there , coming from all directions . suicides , or mercy killings , i ca nt be sure . i was past caring . i thought i was about to die . newline newline it was one minute to impact when my sister broke the silence of our little group .  close your eyes , at the impact ,  she said softly . her voice was flat , but not sad .  or you ll go blind , and wo nt see anything after that .  newline newline as if that were some sort of signal , one of my neighbors suddenly reached over , and took my sister s hand . she looked at him , and smiled , taking the hand of my other neighbor as well . my girlfriend and i had been holding hands since we first heard the news , but our grip tightened , and each of us linked our other hands with someone else . newline newline together , then , we were ready to die . newline newline we saw the missile coming . from straight above , it fell like a star towards the city . just before it hit the ground , i closed my eyes . so did everyone else . yet we still all saw the blast through our eyelids , and felt it in our bodies . particles from the explosion , traveling at or near the speed of light , bombarded our bodies . it felt strange , and warm , and good , almost . newline newline with my eyes still closed , i decided i did not want to see death coming . my last thoughts would not be of that inevitable fate that was moving towards me , but instead of the place i had lived as a child . my family , my friends , my dog . everyone i had loved had been there , even my girlfriend , though she was only a friend back in those days . newline newline i held onto those memories , reliving every moment , enveloping myself in those innocent days . so caught up in it , i did not even notice that the end had not come . then someone tapped me on the shoulder , and i opened my eyes . newline newline sheer confusion was my first reaction . thoughts of the afterlife were my second . i looked around wildly , making sure i had gotten it right . wherever i was , dead or alive , looked exactly like the house of my childhood . newline newline with me there was my girlfriend , my sister , and my two neighbors , one of which was crying softly on the ground . my sister was rubbing his back in an attempt to calm him down , but everyone s eyes were on me . newline newline  what happened ?  i asked , still disoriented .  how did we get here ?  newline newline it was my girlfriend who answered .  right at the end , i opened my eyes to see the blast , and you were ... flickering . like a lightbulb . then , suddenly , i started flickering with you , and so did everyone else , and we ended up here .  newline newline i frowned , looking at my hands . they were completely solid , and were nt doing anything remotely like flickering . it was an issue for a different time , i decided . looking back up at her , i smiled , and kissed her suddenly .  we re alive ,  i said , almost unable to believe it . newline newline  you saved us ,  she whispered , in awe and joy .the golden light pouring from the sky seeped into the cityscape below . the oozing light washed over arching glass towers , that seemingly stretched forever , climbing to farther and farther heights in a race to see who could touch the moon first . they are gleaming and shimmering down to the masses of colorful swirls of people below . the dull grey of the pavement is splashed with brilliant colors , as the populous dances across it , toting bags , and objects and foods and carts and other objects of whimsy , all painted in bright , eye popping hues . the sounds of laughter echo through the crowded streets , accented by honks and curses , all mixing together to create a symphony of sounds , that preform the song of the city for all to hear and join in to . twittering birds flit around the landscape , hopping from tree to wire to ground to tree again , jumping in between feet and chairs , grabbing at forgotten morsels left behind . they add to the song , singing out notes and tones , and adding the beat of skippering steps and the feathered floosh of their wings flapping around . lights flash in the streets , shifting the sound of the song of the city into a new direction , some cars now take the melody , revving their engines and skidding their tires , as other cars take a harmonious background tone as their engines lay in wait . the song never stops , only changes its tempo and pace , hardly pausing as voices join or silence , but instead simply singing and dancing in a beautiful cacophony . one day , perhaps the song will silence , but that day is not today , so instead the city rejoices , singing to the world that it is here and it is lively and beautiful and boisterous , and that it plans to stay , and that it plans to sing . it plans to sing for as long as it can .i remember when i first brought daphne home to meet the parents . she was the first girl i d brought home in a very long time , mainly because of my intolerable father . i d always suspected he was unsatisfied with my mother , both emotionally and sexually , and each time i brought a girl home it really drove home that suspicion . newline newline when i brought abigail back for dinner , he pretended he was a blind man and slapped her on the ass as soon as she stepped foot in the house .  oh sorry do nt mind me i m blind . the names ray , by the way  . newline newline jane s experience was worse . under the alias of ray corleone , my father led her to believe he was the leader of an intricate network of underground mafia lords that controlled everything from the economy to the sodium levels in pasta sauces . dressed in a tomatostained suit , which was apparently blood from a vicious gang fight  , he told her countless stories of his days back in sicilia , where he engaged in the most shocking acts of crime and violence . newline newline somehow , daphne copped it even worse . we knocked on the front door and opened it to an exasperated looking ray with sweat dripping down his forehead . breathing heavily , he ushered us in , holding a finger to his lips . newline newline  quiet now , you do nt want to wake him  , he whispered to us as he walked us down the unlit corridor to the kitchen . newline newline i d warned daphne about my father s little ruses . i d told her to expect everything and anything , but honestly , as he guided us to what i was sure to be his new ploy , dad s acting actually did seem a little convincing . that was , until i stepped into the actual kitchen , for tied to the chair at the head of the dining table was what was supposed to be a man  , and it was a very lumpy man at that . with the seemingly unconscious victim s face covered in a black bag just like a prisoner , this person , who was quite obviously just a couple of huge flour bags dressed in my father s old clothes , was supposed to represent my father s greatest victory  his defeat of the home intruder . he told the story as so : newline newline  i was in the living room fast asleep while terminator was playing , which yeah is a scary movie for some but is nt even enough to keep me from falling asleep , when someone prodded me awake . i opened my eyes to that masked man over there , with a gun pointed towards my face . he demanded for me to lead him to my own personal money safe , which by the way , contains a lot of money because i m a very wealthy man by the way and i earn much more than my stupid son . he pressured me to put in the combination , but i managed to swindle my way out of it through meticulous word play and various truths surrounding my life .  at this interval in the magnificently rehearsed story , dad took a large gulp from a glass of water and continued on . newline newline  i said to him , hey buddy , i  ll have you know i graduated top of my class at the memeacademy , and i  ve been involved in numerous secret raids on meme thiefs and illegal meme traffickers , and i have over 300 confirmed viral  memes circulating the market as we speak . i trained in a specialised meme battalion for 6 years , and i  m currently the top memer in that legion of memaic warriors . you are nothing to me but just another man waiting to have his face on a meme , punk .  momentarily stunned by my impressive career , i then spat directly on his balaclava , smacked him in the jaw , took his gun and other various weapons off of him , and tied him down .  newline newline he winked at daphne and smiled just a little .  impressed ?  newline newline daphne broke up with me the next day . 9  completed  answer  s  selected : 1,4 newline newline eh , it s worth a shot . ted  is sortof a grouch , but he s not the worst shop owner you ve come across . he s got a sly eye for rare goods , and there s no better place to shop than ted s thrift !  upon walking to the front of ted s store , it s dilapidation and barrenness make it look vacant or closed , but the open sign was facing forward so you let yourself in . there he wasleaning on the counter in his normal spot . you d swear he never moves by the looks of it . ted welcomes you in and you step forth , asking what he has for tradesale . he responds with a short list of supplies , but shakes his head in disappointment . apparently one of the pathway s out of town have been blocked off by an avalanche and all supply caravans have ceased transfer . basically , what you see is what you get until the road is cleared . this is good news for you , though ! you now know which path is blocked , and which path is not . going back to the list , you hesitate before finalizing your transaction . newline newline which item  s  did you wish to purchasetrade for ? newline newline  1 . bow   5  arrows newline  2 . canteen newline  3 . ruby amulet  powers unknown newline  4 . book of basic principles  foreign languages of the land  101  newline  5 . none . leave ted s thrift . newline  6 . dm s choicejust as flavor flav is about to announce which suiter he will send home this evening , my attention is ripped away by a horrendous scream coming from my sons room . newline newline i do what i can to conceal my erection as i make my way down the hallway and burst through the door . newline  what s all the fuss about spawn of my loins ?  newline newline trembling he utters  i saw something  newline newline  getting a little old for this , are nt we ?  i reply as i head towards the closet . newline newline  no , over there  he stammers still sobbing like a real pussy . newline newline my erection takes out his krillin action figure as i lean over to peer through the window . immediately i see a shitty old car parked on my lawn full of some real reptilian looking assholes . newline newline i open the window and yell  fuck on off back to outerspace you lizard cocks !  newline newline they respond by snarling and leaping towards the now open window . the first one through impales itself on my massive hard dong , but before long the other three are standing in the room looking real pissed . newline newline fearing the end , i hold my son out as an offering to our new rulers . just as they close in , the closet door bursts open , r. kelly storms out guns blazing and perforates the remaining invaders . newline newline we look at each other and high five before he takes my son and returns to the closet . much to my dismay , i never found out how flavor of love ends . you know ...  newline newline  for god s sake mark .  newline newline mark leaned back in his favorite rickety wooden chair , balancing on the two back legs with his feet on his camo colored plastic picnic table . smug satisfaction dripped and seeped from every pore as he twirled his pubiclike waist length beard . newline newline  i told you .  newline newline  fuck off .  newline newline  look at all this  newline newline as he bragged the back two legs of his chair snapped , causing him to tumble backwards . there was an audible crack , when marks head collided against a large stack of canned beans . newline newline his chest was still , his eyes empty , and his head swollen . though it was already swollen before death . newline newline  saved me the trouble , i guess . i watched their eyes . newline newline i watched their eyes , as it caught their attention for the first time . newline newline i watched their eyes , as they lit up from the comprehension of what it was that they were actually seeing . newline newline i watched their eyes , and their agape mouth , as they struggled with it . newline newline i watched their eyes , as they looked at the rest of me , curiosity having overtaken their politeness by now . newline newline i watched their eyes , as they were even more surprised to see the website on my tshirt . newline newline i watched their eyes , as they struggled , even more than they were earlier , with what they had just read . newline newline i watched their eyes , as they pulled out their phones and typed in the website on my tshirt . newline newline i watched their eyes , as they read and watched everything i had put up , and the sparkle started to fade . newline newline i could be an ad for mastercard , i smiled to myself . newline newline  buying www.noitsnotmagical.com ?  10.99 newline  newline  buying a 100 tshirts with www.noitsnotmagical.com printed on them ?  649.99 newline  newline  never having to answer that question again ? priceless .he just stared at the smoldering crater that had once been squire aemon , two boots sat nicely in the crater with steam rising out of them in small plumes . aemon had always been a fat , cocky little prick with a waistline that threatened to draw the planets into orbit ... but he did nt deserve to be vaporized . newline newline  what the hell was that ? !  the wizened caster shouted at his apprentice anya who was staring at the crater with utter disbelief cast on her stony face . newline newline  i ... i just tried to show him a fire spell ...  she muttered between gasps as the boots turned to ash and blew away in the breeze . newline newline  well you really messed that up , did nt you ? what in the name of all things that exist will i tell ser branos ? ! that you blew up his squire ? !  his anger was boiling over , she was an incompetent little bitch who seemed to think the planets revolved around her when in fact they were being slowly sucked into aemon s orbit before he ... oh gods , i m seriously making fun of the poor little prick in my head already ,  thought the wizard , mentally slapping himself . newline newline  what else is there to tell him ?  anya asked somehow defiantly through gritted teeth . the wizard paced back and forth throwing around conversations in his head but they all ended with ser branos dissecting him from brains to balls . newline newline  you always have an off week every month ...  the wizard started , before being interrupted . newline newline  how ? ! how do i have an off week monthly ? !  newline newline  well this time last month you turned the frog into a ballista when i wanted you to translate what it was saying . the month before you tried to cast a spell of infertility on yourself before you went on a date with that bakerboy ... you remember that one ?  the wizard smiled wickedly inside as the girl of sixteen looked down at her crotch , sighing heavily at the bulge which she had grown . newline newline  yes , point taken ,  she said kicking dust and avoiding eye contact with the great caster . newline newline  it s your hormones , you re growing and your body goes ... a little crazy ... for a week a month . surely your mother explained this to you , you said she was going to a few weeks ago ?  newline newline  mother does nt have one of these ...  muttered the girl , pointing to the bulge . newline newline  true ... i do nt know how all that will work now if i m honest . your hormones mess with the spells , that much is obvious .  newline newline  so this is my fault ?  anya shrieked suddenly . was it the references to her penis or her hormones that had caused this reaction ?  the wizard pondered . newline newline  well yes , i did nt blow up the boy ,  he observed acutely , he must tread lightly or he may end up the same . newline newline  you always blame me !  she screamed storming back to the casting tower , and melting the door off the hinges as opposed to simply opening it . the wizard shook his head , stroked his beard and muttered . newline newline  i remember being a girl that age ... so many hormones .  newlinethe moorebrook company s stock has been sinking again . it s not in the red though , it s never in the red . just dipping . moorebrook is an old company , been around for ages . they started off as a stationery supply , selling greeting cards wrapping paper , special print paper and the like . they eventually became the standard for holiday supplies .  everything from new years to christmas , you can celebrate with moorebrook  . that was their catchphrase in the late 60 s . newline newline moorebrook expanded their trade over time . they eventually became the supplier of some of the most basic commodities in the world . things you do nt often think about , but everyone needs . everything from office supplies to basic medical equipment . they own it all . but nobody really knows that they own the market . all of the other companies are owned through shell companies and trusts . the name is only attached to the holiday supply business . they all think of moorebrook as a cheery , festive company that wants you to be happy on the holidays . but the scary part is that they own those too . newline newline they take holidays . own them . change them so you need moorebrook to do it  right  . most of the holidays celebrated have been altered or down right fabricated by moorebrook to sell you more wrapping paper . valentine s day ? the boxes for the chocolate made by moorebrook . saint patrick s day ? moorebrook beer labels . angstroms  festival ? moorebrook cornucopias . dia de los muertos ? run by moorebrook s mexico firm . all of it is owned , trademarked , and produced by one company . newline newline how do i know this ? i m the leader of the holiday team . it s my job to design , create and oversee implementation of the holiday . that last part of the job description is where the magic happens . using the vast resources of the company , i can alter historic documents , create elaborate events in the past , invent traditions , pay families to pretend they ve been celebrating  holiday x  for years and invite their neighbors over for the festivities to share in their families culture . this is how it starts . there s now a lineage of people celebrating it in , it s in the history books ! you know a family that celebrates it , they invited you over after they moved in next door ! it s a fun holiday , i can spend time with my family with this new tradition i discovered ! then several years later , everyone knows angstroms  festival . newline newline my latest work was creating lorenz s summit . a holiday with it s roots in the history of germany s rise as a territory all it s own . the great leader known only as  lorenz  united the area once known only as  the rhine  and rebelled against the roman empire to claim their sovereignty . on the last day of the 8th month , lorenz led his armies up to a hill located in rural germany to meet with the leaders of the roman empire . what started as a peaceful negotiation , led to a surprise attack as german warriors stormed the hill and captured the roman officials . newline newline that night , after dispatching a messenger to the roman empire declaring their freedom from rule , they celebrated with whatever they could find from the roman caravan . they found boar , olives , horse meat , and many vegetables and fruits . and since then , the germans have celebrated their liberation from rome by eating roast boar and horse meat adorned with olives . the children play games , reenacting the famous surprise attack led by lorenz , and sending messengers to their parents by strapping kind notes to pets . newline newline none of this is actually real . it is believable because it is based on history . germany did become independent of rome , but lorenz never existed . lorenz s summit never happened . the germans did nt feast on boar and horse on the night of the last day of the 8th month . those that  did  were paid a sizable sum to claim they did , and share it with the world . after that initial investment , our projections look to increase our yearly profits by 4  . i m probably going to get a bonus or a raise . maybe some paid vacation so i can celebrate lorenz s summit with my family . newlinesilently he crossed the room to the tray of knives and her eyes followed him . newline newline newline  you can pray if you want ,  he said casually . he stood with his back to her . she sat , shivering , tied against a wooden chair with a straight back . the kneelength skirt she wore was soaked against her skin , her cardigan ripped open to reveal her collarbones . her necklace caught the light . newline newline newline a dark room , with high walls and no furniture . somewhere , water dripped ceaselessly , hitting a stone floor in even little taps . a high window let in a sliver of moonlight , but it faded and grew with the passing clouds . the walls gave off a chill . it smelled of thick iron , of urine . she shivered again . gooseflesh grew on her arms , until the hairs stood on end . newline newline newline newline the tray of knives caught the line . thirteen of them , glinting silver . they were of different sizes and lengths  from one the size of his middle finger , to a huge blade like a chinese cleaver . he ran his hands over them slowly , light catching beneath the hollows of his hooded brows and at the corners of his grim smile . newline newline newline she gasped as he picked one up , squeezing her eyes shut and dropping her chin to her chest . newline newline newline  our father , who art in heaven , hallowed be thy name ,  newline newline newline newline his smile grew . her voice was music to him , from the moment he picked her out of the choir . with her mousy brown hair and the birth mark that coloured one side of her cheek an ugly burgundy , he doubted anyone would notice her missing . newline newline newline newline  no , darling ,  he approached her . he crouched down , until he was level with her eyes . she opened them slowly , scared to meet his gaze . gently , he reached around the back of her neck to undo the little cross she wore there . she flinched away from his touch and anger grew in him . he pushed it down , forcing himself to stay calm . for his next task he needed steady hands . newline newline newline newline  not that type of prayer ,  he reproached her . gently . like a spooked horse , she needed whispers and strokes . he placed a hand on her thigh and roughly pushed at the material . newline newline newline newline she looked at him . a tear slid over the ugly birthmark . newline newline newline  i m your god , now ,  he told her . newline newline newline newline he pushed the skirt again . she began to plead . he sighed in pleasure . music to his ears . the popcorn shrim , wasabi peas and some jellyfish please  , he ordered . newline newline 99.99  shone brightly over his head . there was no changing what was about to happen , what happens happens . newline newline dan was anaphylactic  suuuuper allergic peanuts . even the smell of peanuts could kill him . i thought it was a little ridiculous . newline newline the plates arrived at the table . i quickly snatched up the jellyfish  these are a serious choking hazard ! newline newline  hey what gives ? share those !  he exclaimed . newline newline just then , he had a massive stroke and went face first into the wasabi peas . newline newline newline  ... hey , what gives ? now you re the one hogging the peas .  i really could nt resist . newline newline wait a second ,  said the president of the human coalition . newline newline  both of us had secret agents ?   asked the leader of the xargon confederacy . newline newline on both sides of the diplomatic table , a person was standing , each pointing a gun at the other . newline newline nova stood on the side i ll call  right ,  even though this meeting took place in deep space , and describing the direction is impossible . his eye twitched . he certainly was nt expecting to have to get into actual conflict . newline newline dep had assumed a strange position with his arthropod legs . had anyone else in the room watched attack of the gumbo bums ,  a movie dep had watched eight times , they would realize that it is the same position lead actor ghor was in before he shot the villain dead . unfortunately , nobody had watched the movie , so nobody felt threatened . newline newline as soon as the guns had been drawn , everyone knew what was going on . this was perhaps the most important meeting between mankind and the slightly older xargon confederacy there had been to date , and many interstellar and interplanetary boundaries were to be decided . while the meeting would be diplomatic , the human coalition decided to sneak in an armed agent disguised as a diplomat onto the team in an attempt to ... persuade the xargonian leaders into being more generous . it now appears that the xargonians had exactly the same idea . newline newline  well ,  said the president of the human coalition as he clapped his hands . dep immediately pointed his gun away from nova and towards the xargonian leader .  your agent here was , in fact , a double agent working for us .  newline newline  oh ,  the head of the xargons responded , clacking their mandibles together especially loudly .  well , nova over there is really a double agent working for the xargonian confederacy .  almost immediately , nova produced another gun , this one an automatic beam weapon , and pointed the black armament towards the other human . newline newline  whoa , no way !  yelled dep . he pulled an identical black gun out from a recess in his back .  i have the exact same one !  newline newline  ... wow ,  reacted nova ,  you know , i think we re a lot alike .  newline newline  i d have to agree ,  dep responded ,  i do nt really want to harm any society this similar to ours . besides , i did nt even really want this job in the first place .  newline newline  me neither !  nova was totally oblivious to both the leaders  complete confusion .  i always wanted to be a ...  newline newline  ... filmmaker ?  newline newline  yes ! wow , we re like , brothers from another mother !  newline newline  there is a phrase in the ancient krinlyc that s similar to what you just said . it is united livers drinking from the same breast .   newline newline  i like the english version better .  newline newline  yeah , me too . hey dude , want to get out of here ?  dep put away his weapons . newline newline  oh , totally ,  said nova , doing the same . newline newline they both exited the room together , leaving the two men to squabble amongst themselves .  oh yeah ,  said dep ,  i just have to show you attack of the gumbo bums .  it  s one of those mindless things you do , you know ? newline newline you walk to the same old lady at the canteen , absentmindedly handing her the exact amount for your standard daily breakfast . newline newline you skirt round the same building every morning to get to where you need to be . newline newline you grunt in acknowledgement when your wife tells you about her day . newline newline we lived in an apartment on the thirtyseventh floor . the air was breezy and the view was great . we had no children , but we were happy just the way it was . until we weren  t . newline newline the old lady at the canteen passed away six months ago . when you heard the news from her coworker , you must have felt something . but you were in a rush and hastily handed your money over , as usual . different person , same routine . all of a sudden , someone you saw almost daily was no longer there . but she was just a stranger , right ? life goes on . newline newline the building was cordoned off , having been designated for demolition . you realized only then , that it was an old apartment building just like yours . in the days leading up to its end , it became a nest for rats and addicts . sometimes you would see them in the mornings , too high to leave . newline newline the adjacent building was being designated for preservation . construction was ongoing for a plaque that would declare if the last mayor or the local olympic medalist had once lived there . newline newline as you rode the elevator up , you wondered what this building would be like in a century : celebrated or shunned . well , you weren  t going to be around to find out . newline newline she wanted a divorce . newline newline the floors slid down and down again in the glass panel . the lift brings you higher and higher still , distant from the bustle of the streets on a monday morning . newline newline that day , you didn  t get to see the old lady  s younger coworker . you never even got to find out either of their names . you didn  t skirt round the cordon of the old apartment building that had addicts , or check if the actual plaque has finally replaced its temporary wooden counterpart . newline newline today , the floors just kept sliding past . perhaps you have been attentive for the first time in a long time . perhaps it was the guilt of so many missed opportunities that were weighing you down so much that the lift was struggling . newline newline perhaps time always stretches when one  s life is coming to an end . newline newline she had flown away to stay with her parents . that was your last missed opportunity . newline newline the floors slid on and on and you had the wild thought that perhaps you were going to crash through the roof . newline newline what was it that finally caused things to break down ? was it miscommunication or the snapping of the final shred of tolerance ? was it the time when you forgot the anniversary or the time she didn  t get a response to  do i look fat in this ?  newline newline when was the last time you truly fought for her ? newline newline the floors slid on . something was definitely wrong here . newline newline you thought you had given it your all with her , especially in the last couple of weeks . but is there something else to be done ? newline newline you repeatedly pressed the  r  button impatiently . what was wrong with this lift ? newline newline but there was something else to be done . you have fought for her , but never totally letting down your guard , never totally putting yourself out there for her to rip to shreds if she so chose . newline newline the elevator chimed ding . the doors slid open . you look at the led panel , and realized that it was thirtyseventh floor although you were singlemindedly heading for the roof . newline newline you were exactly where you needed to be . you ran out of the longest elevator ride and to your apartment . your passport was in that drawer in your room , in the home that belonged to both of you .this was an interesting idea . i liked the time period for this story and i liked the setting of this story . i also liked bradbury s character and his insanity . i even liked that he displayed his madness so readily to jaron  it really showed to me that he was nt in touch with reality . somebody with even a little bit of sanity would probably be more hesitant to reveal that he s torturing people . newline newline i see that you were pretty close to the deadline , so i m glad you made the word count . still , if you decide to revisit this story it would be helped by simply being longer . i think talking more about bradbury s methods  especially with jaron  and his intentions would be interesting . the mass suicide really seemed like the start of something bigger and more important , so i was definitely intrigued to learn more there . newline newline in any case , i m no expert  but i certainly enjoyed the story . good luck !jake rolled over and hit snooze on his phone s alarm for the second time . he only allowed himself three snoozes on any given morning , but had already decided that he was getting up when it went off again . newline newline he knew that for most people their birthdays were exciting , but he had been dreading his for the past month . like it or not , today was the day . newline newline the alarm went off again and jake dragged himself from his warm , soft bed . he stared briefly into the mirror on his closet door and sighed . his features had nt changed . he still did nt need to shave more than once a week . his body was toned and athletic , but in a high school athlete way . not a wisp of chest hair , much less back hair . he was thankful for the armpit hair he had . that in and of it self was a pretty odd thought . newline newline as he shuffled to the shower his mind took the familiar frustrating trip . how was it that he looked like he was still waiting to graduate high school when all of his peers looked their age ? more than looking young , the most frustrating thing was that nobody else seemed to notice until they looked at a photo . newline newline two years ago he had been engaged to a woman two years younger than himself . that ended abruptly when she saw their engagement photos . she had nt told him , but the grapevine had reported that she felt like a child molester when she saw the pictures of them together . newline newline since then he had nt really dated . because his youthful appearance was so prominently on display in photographs , online dating was out . he tried tinder using  always swipe right  method , but all of his matches were 18 to 20 year olds . sure he could have just had some fun , but that is nt where his mind was at . newline newline as he showered he went ahead and ran a a razor over his upper lip . being almost completely unable to grow facial hair was bad , growing a dirtstache would have been worse . newline newline jake quickly toweled off and dressed . he did nt feel the need to do anything to his hair , more over he did nt feel like spending time looking in the mirror . then he took the thirty second commute to his home office . newline newline as annoying as it might be to be young looking , at least he did nt work in an office any longer . getting mistaken for an intern got old really quickly . for the past four years he d worked from home and had noticed a remarkable change in the way he was treated by his coworkers . while they knew what he looked like , without that reminder on a day to day basis they treated him more like the subject matter expert he was . hopefully this would work in his favor when the time came for a promotion too . newline newline his emails were the same boring things . questions he could answer in his sleep , though most often he just copied and pasted the answers from a knowledge base document he d created just for this purpose . the only out of place email was a meeting request for 8am . newline newline  who the hell schedules a meeting for 8am ?  jake said to the empty room . newline newline fifteen minute . damnit . jake started to finding the powerpoint slides that he thought would answer the questions this  director of compliance  was going to ask . when he was done with that he logged into the skype call and continued to work while he waited . newline newline soon he heard the telltale tone that announced the other party had joined the call . out of the corner of his eye he caught movement on the screen . newline newline  shit , a video call . figures .  jake thought as he turned a little wearily towards that screen . a girl who appeared to be in her late teens maybe early twenties was on the screen . newline newline they looked at each other quizzically until jake asked ,  are you the director of compliance ?  newline newline she nodded slowly and asked ,  are you the senior security architect ?  newline newline jake mumbled a  yep  as he stared blankly at the monitor . newline newline after a moment the woman on the other end of the camera said ,  i think we need to have this meeting in person  . newline newline just like that the call was disconnected and jake sat staring at his monitor where the skype call had been a moment before . he swiveled in his chair and opened a tab in his browser . once on the company s intranet he looked up the director of compliance . newline newline she had started at the company six months before he had and had been with the company for seven years . she was a graduate of yale with an mba in regulatory compliance from harvard . jake was still thrashing through the information trying to justify what he d seen from what he was reading , when his new email notification chimed . it was a new meeting request from nancy wright director of compliance for 6pm that night . newline newline  what the hell ?  jake said aloud . newline newline he clicked on the  propose new time  icon and wrote a brief note that it was his birthday and he was planning to go out with some friends . then he suggested the next day . less than thirty seconds later his instant messenger popped up with  cancel it and pick me up at the airport at 5:30  . newline newline now jake was starting to get pissed . this woman was ordering him around like he was an intern . the last thing he was willing to do was let someone not even a full rung above him on an org chart boss him around on his birthday . he started to furiously type out a reply on to her im when it chimed again . newline newline  i m sorry for that last message , please do this for me . i ll explain tonight .  newline newline jake s hands hovered over his keyboard for a minute before he held down the backspace key to wipeout everything he d typed , then responded with a simple  ok  . newline newline he pulled up his email and set an out of office status for the rest of the day , then sent an email to his team assigning some tasks and informing them of his status . newline newline this was nt even remotely how he had planned to spend his birthday , but he figured if he was going to lose his evening then he should go have some fun during the day . newline newline jake changed into shorts and a jersey , put on his well worn pair of 510 shoes and went to the garage . he went through the ritual of pulling out his mountain bike checking the tire pressure , shock pressure , chain tension and axles . then headed out for a ride . newline newline jake had never found a better way to clear his head than to ride up into the mountains . the climbs had his lungs and legs burning until he was almost ready to give up , then he got the payoff of the decent . newline newline he pedaled towards corner canyon , pushing himself harder than usual . using the time to think through what had happened and wondering about the meeting to come . by the time he found himself at the top of peak view , he had come to a few conclusions . newline newline first and foremost , nancy was like him . in as much as she was well older than she looked . he did nt know how much of that was due to the miracle of photographyvideography or if she always looked young . newline newline the second thing he was sure of was that she had recognized that about him as well . he thought that she had recognized it much more directly astutely about him than he had with her . newline newline lastly and by far the most interesting , was that her recognition of his being similar in affliction to her had shocked her into some sort of resolve . how else could he explain her suddenly ending the call and getting a flight from new york to utah ? there was no way she was going to expense a last minute flight to the company . if you did nt schedule your flights three days in advance you had to have vp approval and jake did nt see how she could have gotten that . newline newline as jake started down rush he wondered ,  why ? what s her motivation ?  there were no easy answers here and jake let his mind go from morbid to erotic as he glided down the trail . by the time he reached the bottom he had come to the conclusion that if she wanted to chop his head off a la highlander , then she would nt have telegraphed her move . on the other hand , if she wanted to screw his brains out she probably would have acted with more tact and been less demanding . so the two ends of the spectrum were out of bounds and the truth was somewhere in the vast gray in between . newline newline jake rode home at a leisurely pace . he had plenty of time before he needed to leave for the airport and was enjoying the perfect weather . he told himself that even if her coming into tow turned out to be a bust , at least it had taken his mind off his own issues for a day . newline newline by the time 5 oclock rolled around jake was showered and dressed in jeans and a polo shirt . nancy had sent him an email with her flight information on it while he was out riding , so he used the flight tracker app on his phone to confirm it was on time before he climbed in his car and headed to the airport . since he had only seen her once , and very briefly then , he decided to park his car and head into the terminal where he could watch the arriving passengers stream into the baggage claim area . newline newline the questions returned to his mind making him second guess the whole situation . the one question that kept coming to the front was , would he even recognize her ? newline newline the board now showed that her plane had landed and he stared down each person coming through security trying to determine which one was nancy . it was pretty easy to rule out the men , but he took enough time with each woman that he was sure he d creeped out a couple of them . if she had the same condition as him , then she might appear years older when not on camera . he could nt even remember what color her hair was . newline newline as the crowd coming through security started to slow and then trickle he became convinced that he had missed her . he started to widen his search , looking around the baggage terminal . newline newline as he scanned back to the security exit a petite woman who looked like she was in her early 20s was walking directly towards him with purpose . she was maybe 54  with strawberry blonde hair and an athletic build , but her eyes , her piercing grey eyes , were fixed on james like hunter approaching its prey . newline newline as she reached him she put her hands on his shoulders , then moved them to his cheeks and stared deep into his eyes . newline newline suddenly she said ,  we need to talk .  newline newline if you d like more i ll continue , but i m almost at max letters for this post .smoke billowed out from under the gun s cycling chamber . a fault that was too costly to fix in manufacturing , but a work around made the weapon still field ready in such instances . it could no longer spin up the projectiles , but it could still pack the punch behind them . no longer capable of fully automatic fire , it became a hand held artillery gun . seeing the smoke , his commanding officer yanked the gun from tucker s hands and shook his head . newline newline  rookies .  newline newline tucker joined the army because it was the only profitable thing that was left to do . in training , he got a few choice nicknames for his ability to seize up his weapons . instructors  yelling did nt seem to sink into his head so he s keep firing until both barrels would stop spinning . he d look up the sky and shake his head , the clomping of the instructor s boots always meant a chewing out . newline newline  damn it , son ! how many is that this week ? rampart corp has been in existence for near three hundred years and you re singlehandedly bankrupting the entire outfit !  the instructor tore the gun out of tucker s hands . newline newline tucker chose the rampart corporation because the qualifications were the most widespread . he did nt do well in the other other of the hundred jobs he d applied for . the things he did manage to do were menial , which meant enough for only him in his life . tucker needed a little more , there was someone new in his life . he tried , he really did , but he failed out of everything else . rampart corporation for his last choice because it was so controversial . newline newline the shiny office buildings were only the tip of the iceberg . it was a company in charge of requisitions on a planet wide scale . invasion forces were dispatched once a year to some outer arc planet who did nt want to join the federation . all the other times , rampart would be scooping up systems rich in various resources . the armada at the hands of rampart was impressive , that s what happened when war became a viable business . newline newline the invasion force tucker was assigned to had their own slogan , the jingles in the commercials were pretty catchy ,  pick a star on the dark horizon  . the battle cry went up when it came time for requisitions . every species had the choice , they were wined and dine first , the join the federation . in all honesty , the benefits of joining were vast , science and technology on those outer arc planets were always slow to evolve . some of them were a little hesitant , that meant invasion . newline newline during the drop , tucker could hear thousands of voices singing their jingle . there was really no going back at that point . he was part of the problem now , might as well make some money . he started to sing . newline newline the initial landing went well , the scouts made their way inland setting up operation bases . the company had a policy that the newest recruits , like tucker , would be sent in to scare unarmed civilians . take as few lives as possible in the timeframe set by the bean counters . newline newline tucker s commanding officer called him a rookie and pushed him behind a wall . the racket of fifteen other guns cycling and blasting an empty building to pieces was drowning out the co s voice . an explosion shook the ground , tucker tried to lean forward to see what was happening , a hard rap on top of his helmet caught his attention . newline newline the co was pointing at the settings . cycle , fully auto , a little red light blinked meaning that it was out of action . he help up his finger and spun it in a circle , his mouth moving , but tucker could nt hear a thing . the co pressed the level to the next setting , semiauto . the co held up one finger , then he pointed down a street at the side of an office building . he pointed the gun and pulled the trigger . a wisp of smoke trailed down the street and when it hit the wall , an neat hole the size of a fist was left in the concrete . newline newline the co dragged tucker by the collar and pushed him down to one knee . the noise was still overwhelming the co so he reverted to trying handsignals . tucker had to cover their backs , keep an eye out for any moment behind them . he knelt , keeping the gun trained on , eyes swept left to right , nothing . it was nt long before he lost focus , he was taking in sights rather than covering anyone . he was sitting on his feet with his gun across his knees when he felt a smack on the top of his helmet . when he turned to look , his squad must have moved a block down . a sheepish grin crossed his face when he thought of sitting in the middle of a street with no one around . his co dragged him to his feet . newline  newline   i swear , it s inevitable that folks round these parts will walk in when i m clacking away at this thing ... other than a writing exercise , i guess it s something else i should learn to pick up , continuing something i lose the groove on ... let s us continue   newline newline blah blah blah and some stuff happened and i have to read what i was writing . and i know i ll debate whether to leave these notes in when i go through on a very quick once over . tucker , in his fng wisdom says , just do it . the co would just leave you on the street , bleeding , buddy boy . but would he really ? who is that guy ? i do nt know , he s a pair of letters who s trying to keep an employee moving . yet , there was always something with that employee , what is it ? fjfjfjfjfjfjfjfj and do nt forget , this is tucker s story , not the company s . okay , we need some colour . newline  newline newline it took tucker a cold night sleeping on a patch of grass to realize that there was colour in this world . all he d been experiencing up to that point was yellows and reds of explosions , greys and browns of destroyed city blocks . the klaxon like sound of his co s voice broke the unsettled sleep he was enjoying . he opened his eyes to the blinding blue of the sky . newline newline another day , another dollar . newline newline what the company would nt like was tucker always being left behind . his co was nt a big fan of having to track back to find where he was either . no matter how many times he was yelled at , he d find something interesting to get hung up on . this last time , he d been back trying to help the crew in charge of intel sweeps throughout the bombed out buildings . newline newline  10000 character limit ... huh , was nt aware aaaaaaghharrh arrrggghraaah argh argggha maganaaah . maaagahau maaaaaaargh raaaaaaagh meeraaaaaaahhg maaagan maaaaghaaaraagm aaarrggaaea assasreaaghaaaam . maaaaaaraghhaa aaaaaahhg maaagan maaaaghaaaraagm aaaaaaahhg aaaaargh raaaaaaaaaa . maaameeraaaaaaahhg maaagan maaaaghaaaraagm aaarrggaaea assasreaaghaaaam . maaaaaa haaammma raaagahaaa arrrrgh mmmmmmaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa . newline newline maaagahhagga amaaa aga maaaaraagmm maaaaaamaahaa maarregh newline newline  shit dude , whats your problem ?  newline newline  mmmmmmmmaaagrrhh  newline newline  sir , im going to need you to calm down  newline newline  maaaaaghamaal  newline newline  sir , take a step back and calm down , i would rather not use violence here  newline newline  maaaaghaaaraagaaaa  newline newline  miss , please stay away , he might be dangerous . excuse me miss , please . miss !  newline newline  aaaaaaaaahhhhh ! omg get off me ! owww , fuck  newline newline  maaahahahagaa  newline newline  fuck . sir , last warning !  newline newline  someome get this thing of me , its trying to bite my face !  newline newline bang newline newlineleonardo dicaprio stomps up the stairs onto the stage . he quietly takes the mic . celebrities , artists , other thespians and dilettantes  leo may have been considered one himself before tonight  alike that fill the stadium stare on . newline newline he clears his throat and his eyes dart back and forth . heavy breathing can be heard over the loudspeakers and he displays that underbite that made him such a convincing sociopath on wolf of wall street . newline newline yanking the oscar out of the hands of the announcer , he stares everyone down .  this ,  he says through his teeth ,  is simply amazing and i am so grateful to have received this award !  newline newline  first off , i would like to thank   the television program cuts to commercials and he is played off stage after running out of time for his speech which consisted mostly of staring and heavy breathing . everyone , confused looks on their faces , applauds . leo has quite a ways to go before he wins any awards for public speaking . newline newline newline note :  hi everyone , i am new to this subreddit  and reddit in general  and i would be happy for any and all feedback . thanks for reading ! also , there is some good writing in here .i am not a great writer nor have the time to write a good short story . here is my basic outline  newline newline michael recognizes the voice of president obama on call of duty in january 2011 , while playing at his home in missouri . he is 15 . obama tries to deny it , but michael catches him in several logical fallacies and get him to admit his identity . michael blackmails him into being is call of duty partner , and obama agrees to secure micheal s silence about the fact that he has logged hundreds of hours of cod during his presidency and is secretly suffering a debilitating addiction to the game . newline newline after being forced into a 7 hour straight marathon of call of duty for micheal s birthday in may of that year , obama begins to devise a plan for revenge . over the course of the year , he begins to intentionally lower his call of duty skills , until early february of 2012 , when micheal notices he is has been playing better than obama for months , and asks what the problem is . obama tries to deny anything is wrong , but eventually puts into play the next part of his plan . he tells micheal that the stresses of the middle east conflicts are growing to great , and it is effecting his playing , but tells micheal for now there is nothing he can do , and he hopes the situation will get better soon . newline newline a month later , obama tells micheal that there is a new development in the middle east conflict . the cia has become extremely concerned with the rise of abu bakr albaghdadi and his islamic state of iraq , and some of his new advances into areas of iraq formerly held by us troops . in reality , the intelligence at the time was indicating that the islamic state of iraq was not a threat , but obama had a plan . he told micheal that they were beginning covert offenses using a new robotic drone technology . rather than missles shot from drone planes , a secret us arms corporation had developed a small all terrain robot outfitted with a wide variety of minature high powered weaponry . this new technology is so controversial that no officers within the us defense network low enough in rank to take the time to pilot the drones can be trusted to do it . so this secret arms corporation , in conjunction with the major multinational banks , forced obama to use a new software that would allow the drones to be piloted by unwitting call of duty players . the new software would alter the game to show the terrain and combatants rendered into whatever level and enemy they are fighting against . if he does not comply they are threatening another jfk style assassination . newline newline he tells micheal that the only way he can save an unwitting american teen from being the first of many to be turned into soldiers and killers without their knowledge , is for him to pilot the first drone himself , and to do well at first but after several missions begin to display one of the systems great faults , which he tells micheal is the possibility of the player logging off and leaving the drone defenseless . newline newline micheal agrees and takes on three  missions  , which in reality are simply regular call of duty games , but obama s lie about the drone missions has totally taken him in . after three missions he starts to lose sleep over images of those he thought he killed , wondering who they were , if they had children . newline newline then obama tells him that the software has a feature he did not know about , where if a player logs off , rather than leaving the drone defenseless , control instantly transfers to another player in the same level , who spawns where the last player died . this means they must find a new fault to exploit , but in the mean time micheal must continue to complete more successful  missions  . micheal begins to be deeply effected by the stress , and begins a habit of chain smoking cigarillos to ease the stress . newline newline obama continued his sick charade until early 2014 . isis has become an actual threat , the original cia intelligence was dead wrong . obama realized he could easily be found out for his cruel game now that isis was constantly in the press and the us was preforming actual drone strikes . he decides micheal is a loose end to his sick game , and he knows what must be done . newline newline by this time micheal was nearly 18 , and smoking several boxes of cigarillos a day . he can not sleep , and is slowly being driven mad by the sleep deprivation and ptsd . it was at this time obama used his closest cia confidants to gain access to a local police officer , and micheal s best friend . knowing of micheal s heavy cigarillo addiction , he formulates a plan . he tells his cia team to instruct their asset , officer wilson , that the time has come to serve his country . he also tells then to instruct micheal s friend , dorian johnson , to slyly steal micheal s wallet on his way out to buy cigarillos that saturday . newline newline obama knows that upon arriving to the store , micheal will realize he does not have money , but because his addiction is to strong to wait , or go home to get more money , he will attempt to steal the cigarillos . his cia team has arranged it so that when the call comes in to the clerk to the local pd reporting the theft , the officer up for the call is none other than officer darren wilson , who solves obama s problem with micheal brown once and for all . newline newline and now that obama s final loose end is tied up , nobody will know his sadism amidst the massive media circus and racial controversy he had created . newline newline now he is free to continue his drone war on the muslim world , in conjunction with his favorite commrade putin , so that they may continue to bring obamacare and communism to the world , and turn everybody gay . newline newline amen .i stared in disbelief at the photo . newline newline  how did you get this ?  i asked , my voice shaking . newline newline  it does nt matter .  the agent clad in a black suit strolled away from me , hands clasped on his back . newline newline  just tell us everything you know .  newline newline i rubbed my eyes and stared at the photo again . this scene ... this angle.. no.. it ca nt be.. bugging device ? nothing makes sense . newline newline no . i ca nt tell them anything , if i do ... oh god . newline newline  i d like to speak to my lawyers first .  i replied , with a bit more strength in my voice this time . newline newline  oh really .  he smirked . newline newline he walked to a drawer at the corner of the room and took out another photograph , then slowly strolled to the table i was at and placed it infront of me as a smile slowly formed on his face . newline newline i looked at the photo . newline newline  heeeey , sorry i was nt sure what i was thinking . of course i ll cooperate with you ! every single detail , do nt you worry sir !  newline newline it was a photo of my internet search history .marching down digital streets lined with neon signs , dr. wily s robot army held marched before a crowd of onlookers . a parade was being held to celebrate the victory of wily s forces against his nemesis mega man . under dr wily s control the city had been completely mechanized and its citizens made slave to the will of it s ruler . anyone who stood up or tried to rebel was immediately taken out by wily s robot guard and taken in for reprograming . newline though the future seemed hopeless for the common citizen , deep underground dr. glow , a protge of dr. light had begun working on a new prototype based of a project dr. light was secretly working on before his capture . he handed the data to dr. glow in the hopes of stopping wily . after a year of hard work and dedication , dr. light s vision was realized and a new hero was born . his name ... proton . newline  was gon na write more but got ta go it was too much . i could nt take it anymore . i heard somewhere that everyone gets a different lot in life , but everyone can work with what they have . whoever said that was full of sht. whoever said that did nt know me . they did nt feel their soul crushed every day . they did nt have my mother , my wife , my teachers , my life .  goodbye , cruel world .  i picked up a stone . newline  newline newline  mother , do you think they ll like this song ?  i ask myself .  do nt worry , babe . mama s gon na put all of her fears into you . mama s gon na make all your nightmares come true . mama s gon na keep baby cosy and warm !  i mock , slamming another brick in the wall with each sentence . my mother was always so overprotective .  ca nt protect me from myself , mother !  newline newline i recall the schoolmaster , back in my early years . so cruel , he was . just like his horrid teachers . yardsticks smacked until my knuckles turned blue and black . individuality met with ridicule and abuse . yelling until my ears felt loose . punishment for poetry and rhyme , but you ca nt stop me this time ! another brick in the wall . rhyming out of spite , i d say my project s looking tall . newline newline i m right in the middle of my little poem when i see a man , huddled in the snow some distance away .  hey , you ! out there in the cold , getting lonely getting old , can you feel me ?  he does nt respond . i throw down the brick in my hand and run towards him . newline newline no , this ca nt be right . he was here . but he just ... disappeared . how ? who was he ? i was supposed to be alone behind my wall . how did he get through ?  hey , you !  i say to no one .  do nt help them to bury the light ,  as the sun set below my wall .  do nt give in without a fight ...  newline newline i go back to my wall . after a couple good bricks known as my girlfriends throughout the years , i see another person , further away . is that ... is that my wife ? i abandoned her when i came to build my wall ! i realize that i actually want her to be here .  hey , you..  but she s already gone . newline newline i stand on my toes and peer over the wall .  open your heart , i m coming home !  i announce to the world . i try to climb over the wall , but it keeps getting higher . i see the reason why , now . it s the man .  hey , you ,  i say to everyone outside the wall .  can you help me ?  but they do nt hear me . the wall is finished , and the man is gone too . newline newline  is there anybody out there ?  newline newline  is there anybody out there ?  newline newline  is there anybody out there ?  newline newline  is there anybody out there ?  newline newline suddenly , the man appears again . through the dark , i can see his face . it s me .he looked at me incredulously and said ,  you re telling me that i get one wish ?  here s the funny part , they always try to overthink the wish . so i just pull out a chaise lounge from my ass and wait . newline newline  yep . one wish  i use that tone so that it lets them know , that i know that they should really think about this . the truth is , whatever has already happened to them made them who they are today . mistakes are only viewed as mistakes by those that have not yet learned a sometimes valuable life lesson . newline newline  i wish that i never would have ...  here we go again . i just live my eternal life one wish at a time . do you want to come with me ?  i asked the goldplated toaster . newline  yes ! it s very boring here and my owner is a total jerk anyway  the toaster answered . newline newline i was exited to finally possess such a needlessly luxurious item . the toaster was put in my big sack in one swift motion . then i went from the kitchen to the living room . it looked weirdly normal . the guy that lived here had a lot of money so why would nt he buy himself a better bed ? i know i would . as i looked around i noticed a closet that looked ordinary but one thing made it stand out : it was locked despite having no visible lock . newline an ordinary thief might simply overlook it . a bad thief would break it open with brute force . but i used my talking skills . newline newline  hey . could you open yourself up please ?  i asked the closet . newline  no , stupid thief ! my contents are mine . you will never gain access !  the closet yelled at me . newline  does anything in the closet want to come with me ?  i said in a louder voice . newline multiple faint  yes  were becoming audible . newline  so that s how you want to play it huh ?  i said angrily . newline  bring it !  the closet said sternly . newline newline i had to find a way to open this closet . just as i wanted to start my interrogation i heart a car pull up .  damn  i whispered to myself . i jumped out of the ground floor window which was quite a drop because the backyard was lower under this window . newline back home i unpacked my sack after changing into more comfortable clothes .  t is like christmas morn   i said to myself merrily . newline my toaster was sad that i brought a new one .  do nt worry ! i m still going to use you , old friend  i reassured my old toaster . newline  i m glad you re not going to throw me away jason  my old toaster said reliefed . newline newline i tested the new goldplated toaster with some white bread . the bread tasted good . but just as good as the old toaster s bread . it saddened me to think the new toaster was underwhelming because i knew he d be very sad if he found out . for that reason i left the kitchen without a noise . i enjoyed my toast on the living room couch watching an old comedy movie . i went to bed at 3 a.m. and got a good night s sleep . newline my bed woke me up at 11:30 a.m. she was a reliable alarm and definitely more comfortable than the bed of that bloke into whose house i broke in last night . i made my way to the kitchen to enjoy a tasty pb  j toast . i used both toasters hoping to have found a solution . what a waste of energy . i spent the day playing video games and napping . newline newline night time came and i prepared to break into the same house again . i quickly located to locked closet . newline newline  open yourself up , closet !  i said to the closet . newline  never , foul thief . begone !  the closet yelled . newline there had to be a switch , button or whatever to open the closet . newline  do you know how to open the closet ?  i asked the bed but only got silence in return . i asked that question to multiple objects in the room . however , everything was silent . then a muffled laughter came from the closet . as i turned around i feld a sudden pain in my face . newline newline i woke up strapped to a chair . newline  heard you were talking to my closet  an unfamiliar voice said . newline i looked around but could nt find the source of the talking . newline  do i look like a lunatic ? i do nt talk to closets  i defended myself . newline  yes you do look like a lunatic . and my closet told me you talked to it  the voice said . newline damn thing ratted me out .  you re crazy man . you should ...  newline  i m not crazy you fuck  the voice interrupted me ,  i know that some people have the ability to talk to objects .  his voice grew angrier with every word . newline a sharp pain rushed through my entire body and i lost orientation for a moment .  what the fuck did you do to me ?  i yelled at the top of my lungs . newline  it s called electroshock therapy and i use it to cure you  newline  you sick bastard ! look i ll just give you your stuff back . everything i stole you can have it back . okay ?  newline  no no no no  he said very fast ,  this is nt about that . it s about your ability . when i found out that i could talk to my possessions it was the greatest feeling i ve ever felt . i was special . then i found more people with the same ability . i killed them all . every single one i could track down .  he sounded like he felt superior . newline then the closet opened . a deep pit was inside of it . i felt the sharp pain again , longer than before . suddenly the chair moved toward the pit and finally i was cast into it . the pain of landing was extreme . i could nt see anything , feel anything except for pain . time ceased to exist . i felt myself starving and dehydrating . after an eternity the pain left . i was finally free . newline newline       newline newline thanks for reading ! come on over to rpryderage if you want more . newline school  was a single , grey , rectangular tunnel approximately 100 miles wide and 2600 miles long . it resembled a military hanger on the outside and ran across the surface of the atlantic ocean . children from all over europe would stand in lines at the entrance for weeks , preparing themselves to study . they would embark at liverpool , sit down at their desks as fresh faces toddlers of all nationalities and the conveyor belt would edge them ever close to being spat out into the new world , mature , educated and ready for work . school had a 60  success rate , those who could not keep up with the conveyor belt were left behind . there were windows every 400 miles . fluorescent lights lit the rest of the way . tests were taken every 100 miles , any student who failed was left behind . subjects were taught from drop down screens and screens built into their desks . there was no talking at school . students who talked were left behind . there was a small adaptation centre in the last few miles of the tunnel , where children were taught about life in the new world , and assigned jobs based on their test scores . suicide was a problem . adapting was difficult for most and impossible for others . in spite of this the new world flourished . the educated population responded well to the annual satisfaction survey . that is what they had been taught , after all . all major industries were seeing larger and larger turnovers and crime was at an all time low . children were not permitted in the new world . any child found in the new world was swiftly and quietly removed . the educated population worked until they passed away , forever being replaced by the steady stream of enthusiastic graduates from school . a cycle had been created . after it s moderate success , the council responsible for making changes and improvements to the school system was disbanded , and the conveyor belt was left to roll .i feel like death . newline newline fuck , my body is putrid . newline dry sweat secretes its foul odour , the strength of it almost disgusting me . almost . the liquids of the night before fester within , moulding together in my stomach , forming some sick amalgamation . newline newline fuuuuuuuck . newline newline i turn on the shower . newline newline water hits me . warmth flows around , melting into my stagnant body , bringing new life . blood rises to my face . i release the yellow poison from my bladder . ahh that s better . newline newline last night way crazy . i ve never done that . she ll be disappointed to find out i m not nearly as interesting sober . newline newline newline the door bangs . someone is slamming the bottom of their fist into the wood . what the fuck ? is she trying to get in ? i remain in the shower , pretending not to hear . nooo , i do nt hear you  definitely not . please go away . please . newline newline she does nt go away . newline newline  what is it ?  i say . newline newline no answer . she keeps banging . newline newline  fucking hell  newline newline i leave the warmth of the liquid , entering the sharp cold of the air . i cover my tiny , shrivelled , water dripping cock with my hand , and open the door . newline newline  wha ahhhhhhh !  she grabs my face . her nails dig deep into my skin . my cock flaps around in the confusion .  get off me !  i push her away , throwing her onto the floor . newline newline  what the fuck ?  i say , my voice breaking , shaking like my hands . newline newline she stares at me , mind absent . her eyes are bloodshot , her skin is blotched yellow , and she smells like she s died . i think she needs a shower . newline newline she growls . newline newline my hearts shrivels , sucked in with fear , it pulses a high substance through my veins . i run . i hold my penis to stop it flapping . i feel so exposed . newline newline now , this  this is bloody typical . why does every girl i sleep with turn into a monster ? mom ! the soup nozzle s broken again !  newline newline it had been 50 years since the enactment of the socalled  universal sustenance act  and for the most part , it had been fine . newline newline what had started as  universal basic income  in theory had become  universal basic services  of which the usa was but a single act . newline newline as the soup networks rolled out , global starvation slowly dwindled while legions of contractors profited from the intricate and extensive array of heated and cooled pipes , pressure vessels , pumphouses and rehydration facilities . newline newline but that was 50 years ago , when the soupnetwork was seen as merely a supplement to alreadyfull stomachs . newline newline then , the  powers that be  moved onto other things . us  soupheads  became seen as secondclass citizens as resources and jobs for the lower classes dwindled . newline newline so we dealt with a range of increasingly common defects . blockages , when the souphead caught a chunk or two . infestation  soup was meant to be held at nearfreezing temperatures in the highpressure of the transit lines . but of course that used extra power , and often , we d get sick on rotten soup . now , more recently , some scandals had arisen around the source of the ingredients ... newline newline  just blow into it honey !  i shouted back . newline newline  i do nt wan na ! eww !  newline newline  just do it !  newline newline she blew hard into the soupnozzle , there was a groan as the backpressure cleared the blockage , and then the nowtypical stream of black foulness poured from the pipes and into the sink . i could see she was on the verge of vomiting , just from the smell . newline newline  ok , now let it run for a bit ok ... swish some water in your mouth !  newline newline eventually the soup ran clear again , a thick hearty broth of protein and vegetables . newline newline i shuddered at the thought of taking another mouthful . newline newline the machines would nt let us starve , but their calculated approach to our continued survival was almost enough to drive you to the end . death and money  oh the things that always remain certain . just as death will never go away , the need for money will neither . it is for this reason that war between the king of spades and the queen of diamonds seems so frivolous . it really all started with the king of diamonds , and queen of spades , but that is an entirely different scandal i am afraid . coarse ... you do nt care for the politics i suppose ? ...  newline newline my mother , the queen of hearts , was drowning on and on again about some worthless gibberish . newline newline  jack ! pay attention , this is story of the people  , my mother continued on . newline newline  not our people mother . the people of the lesser suits ...  , i whipped back . i knew her response before she had already stated it . the words echoed in my head as she said them . newline newline  we are the people of love , all history is the history of our people  . newline newline what did she know though ? what did she know about the people ... love , death , money , and friendship . hell knows she had none . newline newline for fuck s sake , she married to the  suicidal king  .pooh rolled the cigar around his mouth while rabbit bent near the skinless remains of owl . tigger gazed into the woods , the machine gun pointed into the dense undergrowth suffocating them like a wet blanket . newline newline  whatever did this is not human ,  rabbit growled . newline newline roo spat a thick wad of tobacco juice onto the smoldering remains of a tree . newline newline  what did you see ?  pooh said to eeyore who sat on the ground with his head in his hands . newline newline  nothing . nothing .  eeyore said drolly . newline newline  i smell him ,  rabbit said . newline newline  we need to move ,  pooh said ,  he s coming back . he coming back and he wo nt stop until we re all dead .  newline newline the bugs and birds that had gone silent after eeyore had emptied his rifle into the dank jungle gradually returned as the squad gathered themselves and readied to move . night was coming . everyone stood for formation except eeyore . newline newline  do nt worry about me ,  eeyore sighed ,  i ll stay here and be miserable .  newline newline  he s coming back man ,  tigger said as he bounced on his tail .  he s coming back man and were all going to die . some are destined to succeed he s determined . we re all dead .  newline newline  can it ,  pooh said as he checked his rifle and flexed his broad chest , his muscles taught and vascular . sweat soakedhis chest and backed and dripped from his head . newline newline  this is impossible ,  rabbit said . newline newline  they say nothing impossible ,  pooh said .  but i do nothing all day .  oh , my god ,  said mina . she worked her prone body upright against the pile of pillows on the headboard . newline newline  what ?  groaned stan , stretching . newline newline  you did nt !  newline newline  did nt what ?  newline newline  stan , you idiot !  newline newline stan got up from the bed and looked down at the tattered rags of rubber that clung to his slowly deflating cock .  shit ,  he said . newline newline  yeah !  mina said , and spread her labia to show him that the deposit had , indeed , been deposited . newline newline  damn plastic plague ,  stan said . newline newline  plague my ass ,  mina said , and held up the lube bottle and its rear label to the moonlight , reading .  i knew it !  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  i told you to get waterbased , retard .  newline newline  i m sorry .  newline newline . . . newline newline  well , try to get it out or something .  newline newline  it does nt work like that ,  mina snapped . stan remained silent and sat on the edge of the bed . he put his head in his hands . newline newline  i m ovulating too ,  she said , then said nothing for some time . then ,  stan , i m sorry .  she could tell he was crying .  but you know we ca nt bring up a baby in a new dark age .  newline newline  they did it before plastics ,  stan said , sniffed , and wiped his nose on the back of his hand . newline newline  but we re reliant now , stan . this is the end of people .  newline newline  do nt say that ! do nt fucking say that . it does nt have to be the end of us .  stan , the consummate romantic . newline newline  oh , we ll make it , i suppose . but not people .  newline newline  make it to what , to death ?  newline newline  eventually . what else ?  mina , the consummate nihilist . newline newline  but separately . alone . i love you . i want a synthesis of us ! i want a bloodline .  newline newline  it s selfish , stan . it s pure narcissism .  newline newline  it s biology .  there was a long pause . newline newline  stan , did you buy oilbased on purpose ?  newline newline stan did nt answer the question .  i m going to take a shower ,  he said . newline newline  the sitdown kind ?  newline newline  the sitdown kind .  newlinegrint closed his eyes and threw the dart at the wall again . newline newline his form sucked . never practiced . maybe he was scared of losing the secret . maybe he just liked the thrill of being uncontrollable . newline newline and even though he tried , he had never been able to hit the same spot twice before . newline newline but now.. newline newline he had never seen anything like this ! again , and again . who would believe it ? without even trying ! well , not many people had been to his house in years . the ones who did , did nt usually stay long . newline newline grint flicked his eyes toward the map . was wondering if he should step through it . this was weird . but he was prepared . newline newline deciding to , he grabbed his backpack . he put on a heavy coat . he closed his eyes , lowered his shoulder , and charged through the map . newline newline instantly , his cheeks burned with cold . outdoors . there was no one here . this was nt a building.. newline newline opening his eyes , grint was in the middle of a snowstorm . everything was white , far as the eye could see . cracking sounds came from beneath his feet . newline newline what supplies did he bring again ? food , water , clothes.. map ? newline newline dropping to his knees , grint ripped open his backpack and opened the manilla folder , squinting to read out the contents . nope . it was nt there . he had left it at home . newline newline grint had visited almost all countries . he d been greeted sometimes by hostility , sometimes by suspicion . but the capital building usually has maps around . and all land has a capital . he should have done some research on antarctica beforehand . yeah , he d screwed up . newline newline and now he s facing death by cold .it started in the blood . a rare virus that effected most but not all of the population . only those with an o blood type were immune . it started in the mid west spreading outward like spider webs . everyone it touched suffered . newline their flesh would rot from their bones . sunken eyes and faces , gaunt and crumbling . they needed a steady supply of blood transfusions in order to live . the strain on health services and donors was too much for either to bare . eventually we have to cut ourselves off . the upper crust of society and me the head of the cdc in charge of our next step . newline newline what few people were left out in the ravaged wilds of blood fiends with the right blood type were hunted . traded on the black market to extend life and fend off the rotten . funny how he said we d build a wall and now theres one towering up to the sky . surrounding us keeping out hordes of angry melting faces . newline newline we keep the o s in here safe with us . they d be torn apart out there and its not much better on this side of the wall either . many are affected and need daily doses including most of the government . so a choice had to be made . newline yesterday we announced the cure . a new treatment that will cute the necromancy and repair damage and clear the blood of all foreign agents . we told them all that if they take this that it will all go away and things can go back to normal . it appeased them for a while but they re still restless and hungry for clean refreshing plasma . newline newline what we did nt tell them is that there is no cure . we ca nt fix things it just is what it is . there s no choice in the matter  we simple can not sustain and the wall wo nt keep them out forever . tomorrow many people will die . millions if people ... piled atop of each other . rotten flesh stinking in the sun and it will all be on me . my failure to find a real cure before it was too late . if only ... dad.. and father ... i have to tell you something  i say sadly and worried  well what is it son ?  they both ask in unison .  i appreciate everything you have done for me.. living my life the way i want.. but seeing you as i grew up.. i felt that i needed to be just like you and i have to tell you..  i start to tear up and begin to sweat .  it s okay son.. tell me what it is you do nt have to worry  dad says sitting down next to me on the bed .  im.. i m straight  i say looking away from what i believe are judging eyes . there is a bit of a pause and i begin to feel hot and tense . and all of a sudden.. laughter .  son what ever made you think you had to be exactly what we are ? we grew up thinking that we could nt live our lives the way we wanted to and needed to.. why would we ever do that to you ? ?  father asks smiling but still concerned .  straight , gay , bi , asexual , or anything else.. you are our son . so live your life !  he laughs patting me on the back .  now come down stairs and come get some dinner , it s getting cold .  father laughs .  thanks guys..  i say as they walk out . father stops just as he is about to exit .  now son.. what have i always said.. ? call us dad squared  newline i guess the problem was an illusion . and my parents were always really accepting.. newline newline now to deal with these never ending dad jokes . suspicious  was one way to describe my roommate , dee .  odd  ,  peculiar  ,  offputting  and even  maniacal  were also good words . he was always mumbling to himself , something about the world , power and what not . i do nt know , i think he needs to see a therapist or something . newline newline what really made dee odd , was the things that happened when he was around . things seemed to  skip  randomly . it felt like a few seconds would just disappear out of nowhere . just now , he was cleaning the dishes , i looked away for all of a second , and then he was way farther along than he should . not a whole lot , he was finished with a pot he just started , but it felt like he was just a few seconds ahead . i always thought it was me , but it never seems to happen if i am not around dee . what the hell could it be ? newline newline  joe ...  newline newline  oh ... what s up dee ?  newline newline  there s been something i have been wanting to try for some time now ...  newline newline oh great .  newline newline  and what would that be ?  newline newline  something truly fantastic . something unbelievable . something bizarre .  newline newline  uh ... dee ? what is wrong with you ?  newline newline  nothing joe . nothing is wrong with me . but something is wrong with ...  newline newline  with what ?  newline newline  the world ! ! !   newline   newline newline i felt a strange sensation in my chest in that instant . like , a thousand needles with poking into my chest . i could feel something warm and wet on my chest . my eyesight was dimming and my head started to spin . i looked down to see what happened . newline newline   oh god where did all of these knives come from ! ?    http : 66.media.tumblr.com2aa5d383811aaaf71479fccc4c6e3de0tumblrnhpjwdjhjb1ra81amo4400.gif  newline newline   newline newline this is , of course , a thinly veiled reference to jojo s bizarre adventure . it s well past 1am and i am very tired . i m sure this is awful but was fun to write . cheers !he was the only one of four brothers to reach eighteen . the other three had bravery in spades but each lacked a little of what he had . the first had few brains . he slept with the wife of a general and was publicly executed . mihailo watched them put a bullet through his brother  s head without blinking . the second lacked stamina . after a raiding party he was stuck behind enemy lines and couldn  t run the marathon home . they hung drew and quartered him . mihailo recovered all parts of the body and a few spares borrowed from the perpetrators . the third brother was wise , strong and above all compassionate . mihailo loved him the most . this brother drowned saving two men . both men were found a few days later stone dead in their houses with lungs full of water . newline newline with each successive death his heart grew a little stonier and his eyes a shade darker until by 18 the black iris stretched to the rim . on the morning of his eighteenth birthday rumours reached the town of a general and his family who had been so thoroughly shredded that the bodies were barely recognisable . newline newline that day the spring season seemingly reversed . the rivers flew backwards until the bedrock lay dry . mihailo walked to the army barracks whilst a dragon circled overhead . the dragon landed and took its place at his side . he declared himself chief . newline newline edit : thanks for the gold kind stranger ! no genuinely ! i love to write but i have never shared it before and this is the boost i need to do more . i only made this account to practice my drawing . newline tony s late .  newline newline it was dark outside  it was almost always dark this time of year , the sun catching fleeting glimpses over the glaciers before dropping back into the endless night . it was snowing , but it was almost always snowing too , the roads impassable to all movement , at least for things that touched that ground . becki was high , but becki was always high , and where she kept her stache of extremely potent marijuana over the course of the long winter was at least as mysterious as where people had been disappearing to for the past few months , although there was considerably more interest in the medicinal marijuana . all in all , it was a very average night for the small town , except for the fact tony was late . newline newline huan was smoking up with becki that evening and they d ordered pizza from the only guy in town who would still deliver , let alone go out at night . it was rumoured that tony had an exorcism spell burned into the roof of his toyota corolla and was only safe from the evil that stalked the town because he was a virgin . all huan knew was that she had ordered a large pepperoni pizza and breadsticks and she was starving . becki was a great friend , with great weed , but she was terrible at keeping the pantry stocked . newline newline  he ll get here ,  becki said with lazy confidence , hanging upside down from the couch and paging through a back issue of cosmo she had stolen from the dentist s office after his body had been found , headless with the heart ripped out , strung up from a tree last week . newline newline  what if something happened ?  huan said , looking out the windows to the dark street . one of the lights flickered and failed in the distance . there were no headlights . newline newline  girl , you re just paranoid ,  becki said .  just relax .  newline newline huan stood up .  we have to find him .  newline newline becki squinted at her with bloodshot eyes .  no , we do nt .  newline newline  i ll do it myself , then ,  huan said resolutely . she picked her parka and snow pants off the armchair , put them on , jammed her toque on her head , and shoved her feet into her snow boots . newline newline  wait ,  becki said , unfolding herself from the sofa and reaching underneath it .  take this .  newline newline it was a machete engraved with latin phrases and protective sigils . they d become popular in town in the fall when they nights were getting longer and the local police force had all been murdered , but this one was both bigger and more intricate than anything huan had seen before .  wow ,  she said , taking it and hefting it .  this is awesome .  newline newline  be careful ,  becki advised .  check if the corner store is open too , i want some candy .  newline newline huan threw the six deadbolts on the door and the combination safe lock , and stepped out into the night . it was freezing cold , the wind cutting through her heavy parka , eyelashes freezing together for a moment when she blinked . she shuddered . wind chill was one thing , but even the weatherman could nt accurately predict the cold dread of suspected supernatural activity . newline newline she barely made it to the sidewalk through the icy banks of snow before she saw headlights come around the corner , with the low growl of a 91 corolla without a muffler . she huffed a sigh of relief and lowered the machete . newline newline it pulled to a stop with a shudder on the curb . the door opened with a creak and tony clambered out of the low car , giving her a friendly smile .  hey huan ,  he said .  what are you doing outside ?  newline newline  you were late and i was a little worried ,  she said with a laugh .  sorry , i m silly .  newline newline  it s dangerous out here ,  he said , and even in the dim light , huan could see how his teeth were just a little too long and sharp . newline newline  i know ,  she said , and then got to the crux of the matter .  you brought the pizza , right ?  newline newline  it s in the back seat ,  he said , and his eyes flickered to a fathomless black , absorbing even the dim light from the street and the shuttered , silent houses on the block . the snow sizzled when it hit his skin . newline newline  awesome ,  huan said , and swung the machete with all her strength . newline newline becki was back on the couch when huan came back in , stomping the snow off her boots , holding the pepperoni pizza in one hand , the machete in the other . she perked up at the noise and called out ,  oh , nice , i heard the car . see , you did nt need to be worried about him .  newline newline  yep , no worries there .  huan propped the machete against the umbrella stand  she would deal with the blood after she d had a slice or two , because she was fucking famished . even with all the murders and disappearances , it was nice that evil still delivered . hey , i m home !  i hipchecked the door open and dragged my two heavy suitcases inside .  and it only took a 75 dollar cab ride ,  i could nt help but adding , before i slammed the door behind my massive luggage .  in 30 degree weather and with no air conditioning .  newline i dumped my bags at the door and headed toward the back of the house . i could hear the tv on in the basement , and rolled my eyes  of course , the game , that s what would be more important than picking up your only daughter upon her return from the other side of the country . love you too , dad . newline mom was in the kitchen , by the sink . no surprise , it was her favourite place in the house  the window over the sink looked out over the back garden , her favourite place outside of the house . newline  mom ? i m home .  newline  oh , is that you , honey ?  she did nt even turn away from her task ,  i did nt know you were coming home today .  newline  so the call this morning ... the text when i got off the plane , the unanswered phone calls for the next 40 minutes , waiting at the airport with five tons of suitcase ... those were ... what , exactly ?  newline  i must have missed them . sorry hon .  newline i could only stare . was this the same woman who had sent me a batch of cookies every week in first term ? who cried every time we ended a phone call ? she sounded so indifferent , and she was still busily doing ... something ... in the sink . it was weird , but her doing dishes was such a common thing that i could recognize the sound  and at the moment , it was nt there . newline weird . she must be prepping food or something . maybe a special dinner for the college girl ? i could only hope . newline i glanced out the window over her shoulder . my brother had nt changed much while i was gone , apparently  still obsessively playing basketball . i cracked the back door .  hey , loser ! you know noone in our family has gotten to 6  in the past three generations , right ? i m pretty sure the nba has a height restriction .  newline i grinned when tony looked over his shoulder at me and smiled .  hey sis , i did nt know you were coming home today .  newline  you and everyone else , apparently . you want to ...  i petered off as tony turned back to his ohsocritical game .  ... or not .  newline mom was still at the sink , and dad , based on the noise coming from the basement , was watching  i dream of jeanie  now . newline  i ll be in my room ,  i called out to the house at large . there was a thud , and a skitter of claws on linoleum , and the first one in my family to show an interest in my presence emerged from the basement . newline  abby !  i grabbed her by the scruff of her neck and pet her as she did her happy greeting dance .  there s my good girl , yes you are ! oh and you need a good brushing ,  i sniffed her suspiciously .  i do nt think you ve been washed since i was home for christmas , have you ! come on ,  i added , louder , so my failsatcaringforanimals family could hear ,  let s get you a bath !  newline  is that you , sweetie ?  dad called up from the basement .  i did nt know you were coming home today .  newline i waited a moment to see if he was coming upstairs , then gave up and went to fill the tub , happy dog bounding at my heels . i let her out before giving her a bath , and she acted like she had nt been out in forever . newline freshly bathed myself , i decided to take the obviously deprived dog for a walk .  hey mrs schumman !  i called . she was in her usual spot , compulsively grooming her shrubs .  hedge is looking good . how are you ?  newline  hello , dear . i did nt know you were home today . i m keeping on top of the gardening .  newline  i see that ,  i replied before moving on . truth be told , the hedge looked like it could use some tlc . i d never seen it so shaggy before in my life . she even kept it trimmed on our side of the property line , most of the time . i shrugged to myself  she was at least in her 80 s by now . newline  newline  hey , i m back ,  i hung the leash by the door and went to grab abby s brush from the laundry room . the dog s kibble bin had been knocked over and what was left of the kibble was spread across the floor .  dammit , dog !  i shouted , as abby bounced excitedly into the room . newline  oh , is that you , sweetie ?  newline  who else would it be ?  i called out from the laundry room .  honestly , i do nt think you guys have been looking after the dog while i was gone at all . i mean , this mess looks like it s been here for days .  i swept up what i could and came back to the kitchen . newline  we doing anything special for dinner ?  i asked , hopeful . she was still standing by the sink , and there was a distinct lack of nice cooking smells . newline  sorry , hon .  newline  leftovers it is , then .  i took a few steps towards the fridge and changed my mind .  ... oooor pizza ?  newline  sure thing , hon .  newline i ordered and grabbed money from my dad s wallet to pay . i got zero response from my dad , who had moved on to golf , from the sound of it , or my brother , who had retreated to his room . mom had decided that dusk was a good time to garden , so she was out industriously digging about in the back of the yard . newline  i give up !  i snatched the entire pizza box up and retreated to my room to while away my homecoming night with netflix . abby trailed after me like she was sure i was going to disappear at any moment . it was nice to feel wanted . newline  newline noone was up when i got up , surprisingly . even though it was saturday , both of my parents were usually up and atem by 7am , and my jetlag had me up by 8 . newline i stuck a piece of pizza in the toaster oven and went to grab some milk . the fridge looked like it had been ransacked . all of the lower racks had been partially collapsed . abby whined behind me , and i could have sworn it was embarrassment . newline the stench was awful  a combination of sour milk and blue mold on , well , just about everything . i reached out to take one of the oranges out and jerked my hand back when it sank into the soggy flesh . newline  what ?  i muttered , backing away and slamming the door . my mother s obsessiveness with doing dishes extended to keeping the entire kitchen clean , fridge included . obviously something was up . newline first thing first , i had to wash my hand . it smelled a bit like citrus cleaning liquid and a lot like rotten orange . newline there were dishes in the sink , in about three inches of scummy water . i had no idea how i had nt noticed the smell earlier  the mold extended to any parts of the dishes exposed to air , and most of the surface of the water . newline i looked outside in time to see tony  sneaky bugger , how d he get outside without me noticing ?  make a free throw . or , at any rate , see him go through the motions of it . he did nt seem to have a basketball . newline  tony ! what are you doing ?  i stepped out on the porch barefoot . newline  hey sis ,  he said , now dribbling a nonexistent basketball .  you re back .  he did nt pause in his dribbling as he turned his head to smile . i wondered if he d had a ball the night before , but could nt think straight . newline  uh ... yeah . see ya ,  i dashed inside to find my mother , once again , at the sink . i approached cautiously , feeling a strange sense of unease in my own home . everything will be fine , everything will be fine i chanted in my mind , trying to keep a pleasant smile on my face . newline she , too , was going through the motions , scrubbing imaginary dishes with an imaginary sponge , rinsing them without turning on the actual tap , and drying them with a nonexistent towel . abby whined behind me , and barked . newline  uhh ... how about we go check on dad , huh ?  newline dad was sitting in his usual chair , and was holding the remote , thank god .  hey , dad , there s some weirduh ...  the smell hit me and i knew , with certainty , that the dog had nt been walked in weeks . she d taken to doing her business on the tiny patch of fake grass my dad had set up to practice his putting on . she felt absurdly proud of her dog for trying her darndest to keep to the grass . newline  swiper no swi  click  tanto tiempo sin  click  now just look at that shot , mic  click ... newline  hey sweetie , i did nt know you were getting back today ,  dad said , still riveted to the tv , which was now , apparently at his chosen show  16 and pregnant . newline  ooookay ... um . whatcha watching , there ... dad ?  newline  the game s on , sweetie , can it wait ?  newline  sure thing ... dad . i m ... i m going to take abby for a walk , ok ?  newline i ran upstairs , quickly sorted my suitcases out so that all the necessities were in just one , and grabbed the leftover pizza . i grabbed my dad s wallet , hesitated for a moment , and shoved the entire thing in my purse . abby danced anxiously at my heels as i leashed her up . i handed her a slice of pizza . newline  ok , summer s over , i m headed back to school !  i called out , hopeful that the joke would shortly reveal itself . newline  ok sweetie , have a nice time !  my parents called out in unison . newline i slipped out the front door , leaving it unlocked , and headed down the sidewalk . newline  bye sis ,  tony called , still dribbling up and down the driveway . newline  bye ,  i said , hearing the strain in my voice . newline mrs. schumman was still out trimming her hedges  based on the dew on her hair , she d been out all night . now that i thought of it , she was pretty badly sunburned too . newline the mailman  despite it being saturday  was sorting nonexistent mail in his underpants at the corner . mr reed was , as was his norm on a saturday , mowing his lawn . the usually pristine carpet of green was a wild tumble of weeds , and the imaginary lawnmower was nt doing the trick . i stifled a hysteric giggle as i walked past and responded politely when he called out a hello . newline i d seen enough horror movies to know better than to deviate from the script . i could only hope the used car dealer took credit  or maybe he d accept imaginary money .edit : shit , just read you wanted a fantasy description , and this is a description of a bus commute i do occasionally , sorry , might work on something more appropriate in a bit ! newline newline the bus that drives me over the pennines is the most intolerable bus imaginable bar one thing . the seats are stubbornly uncomfortable , it s busy with smelly smelly pensioners , it s a 2 hour route and the inside is nt really much to look at . but at least it has windows though . windows are great , you can see through them , and what you can see through these windows when the bus climbs over the tops between yorkshire and lancashire really is something . newline newline as the bus reaches for the top of the barren , desolate looking snake pass , the only two things you can really think about is wow , is nt england a bit rubbish  and we re still not there yet , kill me now  . the bus climbs and as you look out all you can see is the sky and the road ahead , like a rollercoaster pulling you to the top of the first big drop . newline newline and then you get to the top . the sky ascends and revealed is a green , vast valley filled with farmers fields , villages and roads dotting the landscape . this landscape is only made more vast by the massive cliffs and hills enclosing the countryside from either side , making anything remotely man made look insignificant and at the mercy of nature herself . the bus swings round to the right , so you better be on the left side to see it all or else you re just going to be looking at some rocks and a flock of smug looking yorkshire sheep . the clouds seem to pass through the tops of the highlands whilst civilization at the bottom of this countryside canyon is tiny from here , only made even more clear as the bus slowly descends you towards the local towns and english ale pubs . the destination is suddenly not your main focus , as the journey itself is just really something wonderful . newline newline  only just started writing and posting here , any criticism would be lovely :   are you sure there is nt anything else you want ?  she asks desperately . newline newline  i already toldja . all your other memories ai nt worth a damn . what am i gon na do with a quiet childhood and bunch of lonely nights ?  countered the shopkeeper . newline newline she puts her hands over her daughter s ears and pleads ,  but it s the only memory i have to leave for my daughter . it may just be one night , but it s the only connection she has left of her father .  newline newline the unaffected shopkeeper gives his default reply ,  lady , what do you want me to tell ya ? this ai nt no charity , but i ll give you a fair price . five hundred for one night  that ll cover your rent for another month , put some food in that poor girl s stomach .  newline newline  .. let me think about it ,  she mulls . newline newline  sure ,  the shoppkeeper nods ,  you think about it one last time .  newline newline as she steps away from the counter , the shopkeeper happily jots a note in his ledger : the night i fell in love .today was the first time i told my temporary employer we should nt dig here . no amount of money will get me to go against the sense that lets me travel the world . we were in an unspecified location in an asian country . my boss was some professor at an american university . some indiana jones guy . but not actually him . i did nt know what we were looking for , usually it s ruins in deserts and jungles . newline newline newline money is money . i usually do nt give a shit who hires me . but this dude , i do nt know . i really do nt . i ve seen a lot that does nt phase me at all , but this gave me vibes from day one . one day is more than enough . i m outta here .when i woke up in back of the galactic police s space cruiser wrapped in the alien equivalent of a shockblanket , i was definitely confused . surprisingly comfortable , but confused nonetheless . only when i looked out the window and saw an what most certainly was an astrologist s wet dream did the gravity of the situation hit me and i began to panic .  what the hell ? ! where the hell ? why the hell ? who the  newline newline  terran , if you would please calm down , everything will be explained .  a giant whalelike thing in a uniform blubbered at me . my first undignified thought upon seeing this weird creature was  oh my god gantu is real . if stitch pops up outta nowhere jerry owes me ten bucks .  another alien , a rhinodog hybrid cocked its head to the side .  i know not of this gantu  you are referring to , nor what a stitch  is beyond a knitting term on your planet , but why would an implement used to repair a gnorgas owe you some form of currency ?  my head began to hurt and i sputtered pathetically , not sure how to reply or even speak to these beings . the whale did an equivalent of an eyeroll .  my partner is still a bit clueless when it comes to terran culture , so please excuse him . we are officers of the galactic police , sector thx1138 , cygnus mu system . you have just been rescued from an intergalactic drugtrafficking ring suspected of abducting sentients and using them as emotional conduits .  i shook my head still not understanding . the alien sighed .  to them , you re a glade plugin that produces emotion instead of artificial odor .  that i somewhat understood . what i did nt understand was how mr. gantu knew what a glade plugin was , not to mention how i could make out what they were saying . deciding to ask an intelligent question , i said in a slightly less hysterical tone ,  um , pardon me but how is it i can understand you ? and how do you know of ... terran culture ?  newline newline the rhinodog let out a sniffling roar .  we are wearing translating devices and so are you . as far as your culture , ayrdez went to your planet on holiday last cycle . said he quite enjoyed something called pizza  , but abhorred sushi  .  i tried not to laugh at the ridiculousness of it all . regaining what was left of my composure , i took a deep breath .  so ... what now ? are you going to drop me back off on earth ? i swear i wo nt tell anyone about this ! not even my cat and i tell that little fucker everything !  the aliens looked at me like i was the strange one .  on the contrary terran , we want you tell everyone about this experience . in galactic court after a health inspection and memory restoration , that is .  i sunk back into my seat and sighed .  god i hate mondays . tell me do galactic police officers have something called doughnuts ? i could really use one right now .  newline newlinesometimes , it s the smallest details that catch your eye . most days you ignore them , the way the light shines on the pond , the way the leaves blow , you never truly notice them until they impact you . from that point on , you can never truly ignore them again . newline newline i never noticed the way that building looked at me with its eyelike windows , how the door always seemed to want to open , but still stood locktight , like a secret that was so outrageous you wanted to scream to the world . the building stood humbly , maybe the size of a local laundromat , the smell of history permeating from the ancient cracks and grooves that decorated its outside . if you looked close enough , they almost seemed to tell a story in a language of some sort . newline newline it could have happened to anybody , at any day , but for some reason , it happened to me . with a hollow , wooden scream that made my hair on its tiptoes , it threw itself open to me . that noise should have shattered windows and deafened anybody standing near it , but everybody continued to walk along , unaware that anything had ever happened . newline newline i walked inside , expecting ghosts , an ancient curse , perhaps the baker family from resident evil 7 , but inside was just an unassuming elderly lady , reading a novel , almost like she was impatiently waiting for her husband to come back from battle . the room was illuminated by a singular lamp on the old lady s desk . she threw up her eyes to glance at me , and after deciding i was of some importance , closed up her book and booted up a rusty old computer on her desk . newline newline  hello , are you here to check out or to return ?  she spoke in an eloquent , silvertongued way that a motivational speaker might have , her light voice dancing across every word she spoke . newline newline  i m sorry , but , what is this place ?  newline newline  ah , so you re here to check out . what is your name ?  newline newline  i know that you need my name , but please , can you tell me why this door just busted open ? like ... how has this place kept on standing all this time ?  i fumbled with my words , unable to articulate my bewilderment at the new world i was about to uncover . newline annoyed , she began to type on her computer , clear that she wanted to get back to her novel . newline  i ll put you down as percy . he was always a nice boy .  newline newline as she clicked and clacked on her computer , a small whirring sound was heard behind her , and she bent over an picked up a small plastic card and gave it to me . newline newline  one item at a time , please remember to return it at the completion of your quest . you do nt want to know what our late fees are .  newline newline on closer inspection , the card was golden , and at the top in big , bold letters , said olympus lending weapons library , along with percy on the back , next to the number 376 . newline newline the next instant , the light went out , and when they reignited , a hall unparalleled by even hogwarts appeared before my eyes . glyphs and drawings of all sorts decorated the ceiling , showing in real time the battles of that defined our world . in one instance , i witnessed the very instant that goliath fell , killed by a single stone right between the temple . in another , i saw robin hood , with his bow , lead his people from the corrupt king that oppressed them all . i walked along the ornate jade flooring , observing the massive platinum statues of heroes that shadowed over the very pieces of history that lead them to deserve a spot in this hall . thor kept a watchful eye over mjolnir , the hammer that shattered mountains , stained with the blood of his enemies , still fresh from battle , nearly offering me a chance to take it and rule the world with it . sun wukong stood vigilant next to the ruyi jingu bang , the staff that reached the heavens and allows wukong to conquer the insidious west . i even passed by the master sword , held by the hero of time himself . newline newline i could pick up every one of these weapons , giddy at the though of pure power flowing through my veins , deciding on one , then going to another , however , as i walked down the hall , the heroes that i supposedly have everything to thank for in my life , began to become less and less noticeable . at the end of the hall , after nearly a mile of walking , i found a lone pillar with stairs leading to the top . perhaps the best has been saved for last ? newline newline i climbed the spiraling stairs , and finally , i saw it . newline newline there was no hero next to this weapon , no story that it had ever told . hell , it looked like the gods had even forgotten it was even there . dust covered its wooden frame , a bronze hilt protected the wearer s hands . it was magnificent , simple , and yet , the most ignored thing in the entire library . newline newline it was a shovel . newline newline i took the golden fleece off of my back and placed it on the pillar , trying not to forget to give it back to hercules . the shovel had no voice , but when i felt it in my hands , our minds spoke as one , as weapon and hero , as student and master . newline newline the lights turned off and on again , and i was at the desk again , as the librarian aimed her gaze at me once again . newline newline  that s certainly a new one . i almost forgot we had that one . are you sure that s the one you want ?  newline newline i simply nodded in approval . newline newline after a couple more clacks on her computer , she printed out a receipt on papyrus , and i signed my name on the scroll , which she stored away in her desk . newline newline  good luck , percy .  newline newline i turned to her one last time . newline newline  please , call me shovel knight .  newline newline strike the earth .the marble doors yawned shut behind me , i choked on the stagnant air . a film of dust hung in the air . it was cold , my skin rippled in this cold . the mighty hall in which i stood sat in the midst of a great forest . marble pillars held the roof up stretching a football field  s length high . the room itself was rectangular , shelves lined the room like book cases with a large aisle down the middle . several more platforms of shelves climb along the walls . on the shelves sat weapons of all shapes and sizes , little note cards sat in front of them . there was no doubt in my mind , this was heorot . newline newline i walked up to one of the shelves , on it rested a sword . i snapped up the note card and looked at it newline newline excaliber , sword of british kings , when used allows the assertion of one  s sovereignty over others . weakens against saxons , useful if the french need a good thrashing . newline newline i chuckled and set the card down and moved over to the next item . this shelf was broken and thunked on the floor was a large hammer , i read the notecard . newline newline mjonir , hammer of the god thor , absolute bitch to wield , but if you can wield it , it will never leave your side . newline newline my attention snapped away from the card as glowing text began to scrawl in the air . newline newline your destiny lies not with this hammer , follow the path . newline newline the text faded and the same light trailed forwards , placing the note card back i began to follow it . i passed shelf after shelf following the trail , i climbed stairs till i was about 10 floors up . the trail began to fade , it ran cold and i stood in front of a stone door . a note card set on a pedestal , it read : newline newline the magic of these items are dangerous to other artifacts , remove with caution . newline newline the door creaked open , it opened on a small room . a stone table was placed in the middle of the room . two spears lied on it , the longer one was yellow , the shorter red . the words appeared again newline newline take the spears and wield your destiny . newline newline i read the note card . newline newline ge buide and ge derg , spears of diarmuid ua duibhne . ge buide leaves wounds that will never heal and ge derg defeats all magic held against it . avoid self harm and partake caution when holding near other magical weapons . newline newline i lifted the spears . memories filled my head and i grew sad , my heart felt the heartache of lost family , of lost friends , and of lost loves . my forehead burned , i raised my hand and felt a new spot . i rolled the spears in my hands , with a new confidence i turned and walked out the door . newline newline a voice rang in my head : newline newline i am diarmuid ua duibhne , and we have some work to do .i don  t know why the top of the waterfall drew my attention . to be honest , i  m not really sure how i came to be at the base of the waterfall . as i stood there looking up , i noticed something caught on a rock right at the edge . from the distance , i couldn  t tell exactly what it was . the waterfall was at least 500 meters tall . after a few minutes , the object came loose from the rock and tumbled over the edge . at that height , and with the pressure of the water pounding down , it took close to a minute for the object to emerge from the water and start floating downstream . as it submerged , i realized to my horror that it was a body . i rushed into the water and grabbed it , dragging it to shore . as i flipped the body over i realized i was too late . there was no way whoever it was survived . i drug the body over to a clearing . as i entered the clearing , i noticed a trail leading up the hill towards the top of the waterfall . once i found a clearing , i took a closer look at the body . time stopped . i knew that face . the beard . the ears , one slightly pointed and the other rounded . the hair , a little curly and dark brown with hints of red . it was me . i jumped up and stumbled back , tripping on a bush . as i landed , i noticed a hand sticking out of the bush . terrified but not knowing what else to do , i grabbed the hand and pulled out a second body . at this point , completely numb and not knowing if i was asleep or awake , i realized i was standing in a clearing with two dead bodies..both of them mine . i gathered myself and decided there was only one thing to do . i moved the body from the water into the bushes , and set off up the trail towards the waterfall .seven years ago .  newline newline dieter goes rolling across the training yard floor , the hard packed dirt doing nothing to soften the blows as he tumbles . he then comes to an abrupt stop , his head banging against the railing . only the steel of his morion helmet and thick padding underneath keep his brains from being knocked out of his skull . still , he is disoriented enough as it is . coughing , he rolls over unto his hands and knees . it s then he hears that loathsome voice which has plagued him his entire life . newline newline  get up .  says the voice . a harsh unrefined man s , with not a hint of kindness in it .  up i said .  he punctuates the remark with a vicious kick to dieter s bruised ribs , sending the youth sprawling to the ground .  you will stand up or by the gods you will stay there .  this time the man lashes out at dieter s head . the hollow ting of boot meeting helmet echos in the courtyard , causing the clustered observers to wince in sympathy .  get . up .  the voice says menacingly . newline newline newline dieter s eyes flick up at the figure standing overhead . the gray pupils within seething with rage . the same eyes look down at him . gaze never wavering , dieter spits to the side , blood tinging it a pinkish hue . shaken , he rises to his unsteady feet still staring at his opponent . his foe waits patiently , holding out dieter s broadsword hilt first , contempt on his face . wordlessly , dieter clasps his hand around the worn leather binding , bringing it into the guard position . the man chuckles grimly . newline newline newline  i know what you re thinking dieter . you want nothing more than to run than blade straight through me . you want me to die , to die slow and painfully . good . you know what i am doing ? i am forging you into the weapon . hate me . i want you to hate me . hate makes you strong . it allows one to make the difficult choices others wo nt make . so go ahead , curse my name and my actions . but when you are where i am now , and your son looks at you with venom in his eyes , you ll thank me for this , for making you hate .  newline newline newline dieter merely nods in thought before pointing the tip of his blade at his opponent . he spits again , this time on the man s boot  go to hell , father .  he lunges forward .two years ago i met a wonderful woman , her name was jessica , who was going to guess we would end up living together ? she was looking for a roommate and so was i , living is cheaper when we can divide the costs and we needed to save as much money as we could , university is not cheap and two parttime employees can only make so much money . newline newline we found a nice but small apartment in the center of the town . it had this  grandma s house  feeling so few places have and we immediately fell in love with it . a small white living room waited for us at the entrance , right next to it there was a dining room , there was no division between these two rooms and the wall remained the same color . the kitchen was behind the dining room , to the right , its walls were all covered in medium sized blue tiles , i swear they were the same tiles my grandma s house has . to the left there was a narrow and short corridor that connected the kitchen with the bathroom and the only bedroom this apartment had . newline newline since this was the only apartment we could afford , we decided that sharing the double bed in the only bedroom it had was not going to be a big deal , i doubt anyone would think that two girls sharing the same room were anything more than friends but getting those weird looks when going outside always made me feel embarrassed . newline newline two years later we are still living in the same place , i am doing great at my psychology class , jessica not so much at her history class , she s been like this for the last 4 months . there is some unusual behavior about her that worries me , she frequently leaves the house at night thinking i ca nt hear her . i can feel when she leaves the bed every single time , it is always a rough movement . my worries about her go beyond her daily disappearances , i am worried about her future , our future . this is something i have nt confessed to her yet , after almost an year of denial i ended up accepting that i fell in love with her , it is not easy to accept this , what would mom think ? she has always wanted grandchildren but my love for jessica is stronger than anything , i love feeling her soft skin each time she accidentally touches me while rolling over in bed . i love hearing her voice in the morning even if it is just a complaint about having to get up . i love every single thing about her . newline newline it is night again and there she is , i never hear when she opens the door , i can only hear her footsteps when she walks to our bedroom . i am awake this time and ready to confess my love but as soon as i open my mouth she places her finger in front of it and asks me to remain in silence .  i know  , she tells me ,  i know everything  . this is when my suspicions begun and soon everything was clearer than crystal . how would she always guess the results of my exams ? how else would she be able to predict the days my mom was going to call ? what other thing would cause her to disappear in the middle of night and come back without having to open the door ? it was clear that this girl had the power to control time , to stop it , to travel through it . or was i going crazy ? newline newline i had so many questions that night that i would like to know the answer to but i was so tired that i feel asleep right after she kissed me , i ca nt even remember how our first kiss felt . right now i am exploring my own dream , i am an oneironaut and i love being one . i am in jessica s body the day we met , the day we decided to live together . newline newline after visiting so many different places , mary seems to have fallen in love with this little apartment and since it is the only one we can afford we decided to move here . i have been in love with mary since the day we met but i have seen the future and i know that my best option is to wait two years , to that day she discovers my big secret while confessing me her love . i have been trapped in this dream for a month now , it s been so long that i am beginning to suspect it is not a dream anymore , i wonder if i am going to be jessica forever , i worry about not being able to be mary again . two more years , i tell to myself , two more years to know the answer .  wake up  , says a distant voice ,  do you want to get out of the time loop ? i can help you , you just have to wake up  . newline newline    newline newline i am still learning to write , critics are appreciated . i am also learning english , help about using the english language is also appreciated .i had wanted this for so long . i wanted the pain to end , to never think about death again or feeling like a burden to those i cared about . i wanted to stop feeling like i did nt belong . i did nt have the courage . i was working up to that . the blade hurt more than i thought it would . based on the location and the blood loss , he severed an artery . still , i covered the wound . others helped . they are trying to stop the bleeding . i wanted to die , but , here i am , hanging on for every last breath , struggling to survive . now , in these last few minutes , i finally , desperately , want to live . newline newline i was always hoping for some escape , for a last second miracle , be it from man or god . i can tell it is nt coming . my clothes are wet . people comment on how much blood their is . a woman , a nurse , tells me to hang on , and i am trying . i am trying so hard . death is what i wanted until i did nt . my vision fails . i close my eyes . i ca nt open them . i am falling into a sleep from which i will never awake . the woman , she begs , but i ca nt hold on . i want to , but i ca nt .cassandra s fingers traced over the leather binding , the ages of her life creeping back to her from the pages of the diary . she smiled  hank had found it , stuffed behind dusty photo albums while they packed the rest of the old apartment . he had been restationed over in california , and though he was hesitant , he d eventually asked cassandra to move with him . she d smiled then  and she still smiled , as they left that cramped apartment just east of brooklyn , and took his beat up subaru across i80 toward the sunsets and beaches of southern california , and she laughed when he d found her diary , and read it the whole trip west . newline newline and now hank was overseas , deployed out of his reserves . again . and cassandra would sit at the small table in the kitchen , trying not to think about when he would call , or if she should check her email again , or that jumping every time a car seems to stop in the street outside did nt mean it was two officers in uniform come to deliver her the news , and that hank was fine . and that she would be fine . that this would all end okay . newline newline  come home ,  she would whisper every morning , to the empty pillow beside her in their toosmall bed . it seemed cozy with him there  alone , it was a sea of blankets , and she could nt help feeling she would drown if she stayed too long within them . so she did her best . she worked , went to class , tried to have friends . and she was always excited when hank would call , or facetime with her . the time changes might have proven difficult , if it were nt for her determination . and the weeks passed . newline newline a black car was parked outside that morning . cassandra had spoken with hank the night before  something about a big day today , she remembered . he could nt say  he never could tell her much , except not to worry , and he d be fine , and she would see him soon enough , and that he loved her . and when she saw that black car , with its government plates , it was nt real to her . it could nt be real , not with hank s laughing voice still speaking to her on her way out to get to her spanish midterm . newline newline two men in uniform climbed from the front seats of the car , and cassandra stood on her porch , with the wind in her hair and the sun clearing the hills along the eastern skyline . they did not approach the house  one opened the back door , on the far side of the vehicle , while the other moved to the trunk and , popping the hatch , began to pull something from it . newline newline a brief memory came to cassandra , in the rushing inside her ears , in her mind , in her heart . the man had moved from the trunk , a wheelchair pushed in front of him toward the far side of the car where the other officer waited . the words in hank s handwriting floated to her , right after the last entry before her seventeenth birthday in that old , leatherbound diary . about her doubts , how she felt that she had been alone , desperate , a lost cause . how she d been weak . worthless . newline newline and meeting hank , had changed all of that . four months into her twentieth year . she d grown since her diary , yes . and when he d found her diary , three years after that , she d thought little of it , until she d reached the last page , and her last entry , last thursday after hank had nt been able to call . she read to the end , her words still burning before her as hank was wheeled up to the front steps before her , his eyes blank , his skin pale , his frame seeming to deflate even as he would have stood a head over her before . and her words came back , how  i am worthless , and it does nt matter anymore , and i just want this to be done . i ca nt fight my depression anymore , and i ca nt keep going . life ca nt be worth this . i ca nt be worth this life . i wish someone would save me , because i do nt think i can do it myself anymore .  newline newline and hank had written below it , before returning the diary to her . his straight , neat print below the curly script of her teenage years , so stark in contrast , and seeming so full of strength and stability ...  you are worth everything . and that is what matters most , to me and to everyone you know . depression is a terrible spectre , but it is not all you are , and you can beat it . you are strong , so strong , cassie . and i will always be here , to show you every day how worth everything you are to me . and you are strong . so please , save yourself . save yourself , and prove to yourself what i already know you can do .  newline newline and hank finally looked up at her , and cassandra looked down at him , and she tried to smile . she had saved herself , because of him . the sun beat down from above , and she ran down to hank , his angel descending to save him , as best she could .people laughed when they found out . killed by a coconut . haha . so funny . i was used to it though . i d been laughed at my whole life  the first life anyways . newline newline they all imagined what my powers would be like when i revived , talked about it in hushed corners where my family could nt overhear . newline newline  how will they bear the shame ?  newline newline  lord only knows , martha . bless their hearts .  newline newline then i came back . newline newline when martha stepped on the scale today she weighed 300 lbs . i kept increasing the pressure until the little sacks that filled her kneecaps popped and she screamed . newline newline stupid people did nt even remember their highschool physics classes . newline newline gravity s a bitch . newline newlinesuburbina , nj newline april 20 , 2015 : newline newline  what do you kids want ?  the upperclassman asked of the young boys . newline newline  um , we ll take one .  said one of them . newline newline  one what ? a dub ?  he replied . newline newline  yyeah . one of those .  newline newline  twenty bucks .  newline newline one of the boys handed him the money . newline newline  alright , wait here .  newline newline jackpot , he thought to himself . these kids do nt know bud from parsley . and when he went inside , that s exactly what he filled one of his little gram bags with . he went back out and handed it to them . newline newline  here you go , do nt use it all at once .  newline newline one of the boys  parents  house was empty , and they went back there to get high for their first time . one boy opened the bag to take a wiff of that dank weed . newline newline  oh man , this is good herb !  newline newline  how do you know ? neither of us have done this before !  newline newline  no man ... this is good . like ...  newline newline there was a long pause . newline newline  like ...  newline newline the other boy went to smell it as well . newline newline  holy shit ! holy ...  newline newline  ... holy shit ...  newline newline this went down in history as the first reported case of petroselinum crispum hypersensitivity , a disorder which , within an extremely short timeframe , would come to affect 98  of the population and change not just the drug trade , but society as a whole . newline newline   newline newline baltimore , md newline march 10 , 2017 newline newline a lone gunman walks down a familiar block in the ghetto , shotgun casually in hand . everyone here knows him by name . everyone here knows exactly what to do when he comes around . newline newline he whistles an old nursery rhyme as he passes by the houses , some of which are boarded up but have occupants regardless . he stops in front of one of the condemned apartments and waits for about thirty seconds . that s an unusually long time for him to have to stand around . newline newline  you never known me to be one to wait yo .  he says . newline newline another ten seconds passes . out from the second story window falls a doublevacuum sealed container . contents : parsley . newline newline   newline newline washington , dc newline february 28th , 2036 newline newline the leader of the ministry of truth was was working extra hours again . it was an exceedingly difficult job to convince a nation that it had successfully eradicated an entire species of flora . of course , there was no way to ensure extinction of the plant , but to convince the public of it was plausible . newline newline but news of a rogue plant would pop up here and there , making his job feel impossible at times . tonight was one of those nights . newline newline he opened his desk drawer and emptied all the files out . underneath was a small a vacuum sealed chest which he removed and took out to the center of the room . he laid out a blanket and locked the door . he could feel a nervous sensation rush up into his face as he anticipated what he was about to do . he opened up the box and moved his face towards it . newline newline he inhaled deeply and closed his eyes , and he was nt quite sure what he was worried about just a minute ago . he started to giggle as the corners of the blanket started to seem irresistibly amusing to him . newline newline  moscow newline 15th march , 1938 newline the sun rose bright and strong as the legendary revolutionary was marched into a bare prison yard . his toothless mouth moved endlessly as he waited for his fate . his expressionless face , sturdy as stone , was not allowed to betray his emotions the same way his mouth was not allowed to betray his comrades during his various extraordinary interrogation  sessions which he was forced to endure . newline newline his captors shoved him down on to the floor . newline newline he knew his fate was final . newline newline a nagging voice bound to his subconscious finally broke free , filling his mind with is suppressed emotions . he realised the truth that he had brought this to come , his adamant unflexibility in strategy driving away the most valuable minds and dooming the revolution . the chilled barrel of a rifle nuzzled against his neck was now a soothing liberation . finally faltering , he began to take solace in one of the various revolutionary songs , croaking his way through the lyrics and using them to bandage his heart . newline newline the bullet was entering his brain as he rubbed his fingers against the one thing he was allowed to keep in his prison  a sacred ring which even the tsar believed was sanctified . he knew the grievous consequences of his actions , they no longer bothered him as his only desire was to shelter himself from his actions  to correct his error . all was dark as his eyes closed for the final time . newline newline newline newline he awoke . newline the first thing which he noticed was the lack of anything substantial around him . it was a hole in the world  a void which was in stark contrast to the dreadful prison in which he was interrogated and finally executed . newline the second thing he noticed was that in fact he was wrong  there was a luminous being behind him . newline newline  hhello ?  he whimpered . newline newline the luminous creature neglected to respond . newline newline  what is this place ?  his voice raised slightly . newline newline still no response . newline newline he waited for a few minutes until his patience started wearing thin , until he became aware of the fact his fingers had rubbed against the holy ring . newline newline  ttake me back  take me back before i made ulyanov turn koba away . please , genius , allow me to repent for the suffering which i caused .  newline newline suddenly , all was awash with white as the world started spinning . he blacked out a second time . newline newline newline moscow newline 15th march , 1938 newline newline he was marched to an open yard in a stark gated complex . a rifle was pointed to the back of his head as he was forced onto his knees . he struggled to recall the previous happenings as new memories flooded his mind . newline newline he remembered the talented revolutionary josef dzhugashvili , now known by his pseudonym stalin . in old times , that pseudonym was instead koba . he remembered how vladimir ilyich lenin  ulyanov had taken on to this intelligent , political young man , how he had entrusted him with the most important responsibilities . he remembered the famines which were caused by the forced collectivisation which stalin proposed . finally , he remembered the treacherous purges , where old comrades were forced to sign false confessions and were promptly imprisoned and shot . newline newline a deeper understanding of the futility of struggle was made known to him . the last thought which flitted through bukharin s mind as the executioner pulled the trigger was  what was the difference between stalin and the tsar ? newline newline nikolai bukharin was executed march 15th , 1938 . one of the greatest bolshevik theorists and a most ardent revolutionary , he was betrayed by his political ally stalin and executed for false crimes .  newline newline newline newlinetom was sent to a perfect utopia and loved every moment of it . down in hell it felt best , smelled best , sounded best , and looked best . tom was nt sure why god had made hell such a heavenly utopia . there must have been a reason related to satan s trust and faith . god had given all away to lucifer . it was his fallen angel and lucifer deserved it . humans had all left for another realm , thinking they had ruined a perfect utopia when they had nt . word got out that tom was in a perfect heaven and everyone wondered who tom was . it created a problem on the way into infinity . they had to somehow get that tom guy some help . they sent someone back to figure out what went wrong . he realized that tom was deep in hell . he got scared and was nt sure whether he should go save him . another one came to help analyze . so they grabbed each other and dove into hell . much to their surprise , tom was feeling amazing . it felt better than anything else . now they had a moral dilemma about whether they should stay in this place . one argued to take tom away so he could stay behind . tom argued that they had no right to try to take him away . they debated for hours and decided that satan would just enjoy this place by himself . they left and rejoined the line . when the leader found out what had happened , he realized he could graduate everyone and leave that satan behind . they all graduated into a happy place and satan got to play with himself . newline newline years passed before someone came along and found out that satan was feeling good . he lucked out and before long all these other souls came to join in on the fun .god i tried to post this yesterday but it did nt let me ... oh well i hope it garners some interest . i apologize for any inaccuracies in drinks , i m not a drinker myself so i do nt know much about them . newline  newline newline leaning over the table , i let my fingers brush across hers . ah  physical contact . years and years and years and all that i had left for me was the ghost of a ghost of a pale , slender finger , sliding across my forearm till it came to rest on my hand . until now that is . newline newline letting my fingers entwine around hers , i heaved a sigh of relief while staring into those twinkling eyes  they were refreshing if nothing else . a smile stretched across her lips  a hint of glossiness on them  perhaps one of the products women always seem to be putting on  as she matched my gaze and understood my emotions . it had been so long  i  d met a lot of people . but it wasn  t quite the same . oh yes they were sweet , they left me dazed and amazed , they were spectacularly beautiful to behold . some were exotic , leaving my body dangling with little explosions inside with their spice and style . newline newline and yet  all i really just wanted was her . right here right now , on this kitchen table that we sit , under this dim power saving light , one hand in hers and another one wrapped around a mug with bunnies on it saying  world  s best mom  on it . her smile and faint giggles , her face now slightly wrinkled with age . one might ask why have this ? you  ve had a taste of the divine , the expensive , the foreign  why have someone who was so plain in her beauty ? newline newline and i think the answer doesn  t lie in the now  it lies in the tomorrow . for she was the only one who didn  t have me groaning in the morning , leaving me with regretful decisions from the last night . and yet there were others too , why not them ? well  no matter what the situation , she was always perfect for it . a formal meeting , a bar crawl , a fancy dinner it didn  t matter . she would be sitting there , by my side  a picture of perfection in her own special way . the others always ended up harming in some way or the other . some made me feel unfit , some made me more active for my own good but her  she was the one who was always perfect for her goal . newline newline staring into her eyes , i picked up the glass , raised it to my lips and let the crystal clear cool water slide down my parched throat before letting out a groan of satisfaction . nothing quenched your thirst like water . yes . are you ready ?  newline newline  i m set to receive .  newline newline  okay ... here we go !  i locked my hand into the brace and started the program . it was odd having a computer move my hand  a much jerkier motion than the minor possession . newline newline my hand began oscillating between the closely spaced one and zero very quickly as the computer read the file and outputted it to the brace as movement . panting with exhaustion after two hours , i began opening the brace with my other hand . newline newline going outdoors to my new mansion and car garage , i smiled . the devil would have gotten the original nickleback players and music eventually  if they went there  but i got all i wanted by just uploading the mp3s to him . newline newline damn it s good to be a pirate ! yeah , like it would stop me . pvc panes and styrofoam . but let s not waste the door just yet . i ll call my landlord .  newline newline i dial the number .  yo , dreamer  we re on nickname basis  , could you get a spare key and let me out ? seems the lock is jammed .  newline newline  okay , be right there !  newline newline i sit on my bed . a minute later the phone rings . it s him .  funny , my lock is stuck too .  newline newline  okay , i can get out but the door will need to be fixed afterwards .  newline newline  sure thing , it s not like we have much choice . the door is crap anyway , it was long due to be replaced . could you check my door when you re out ? maybe some asshole poured glue into the locks everywhere ?  newline newline the panes take a couple kicks and in seconds i have a sizable hole in the door . i walk to the landlord through the empty staircase , crouch by his door . the lock seems to be okay . i knock . no reply , silence . i press the door handle . wo nt budge . newline newline  hey ,  i shout through the door .  you there ?  i knock a few times . newline newline my phone rings . him again .  did you get out ?  newline newline  yeah , i m standing in front of your door , did nt you hear my knocking and shouting ?  newline newline  not a peep . wait ...  i hear loud thuds over the phone .  did you hear that ?  newline newline  what did you hit ? where are you ? i just heard it over the phone !  newline newline  i was hitting my door !  newline newline i hit the door with my fist .  beating on your door .  newline newline  shit . it s not funny .  newline newline i start double checking if i m at the right door . no way , it ca nt be any different . newline newline  wait , hold on , somebody s calling me  , he says , then he hangs up . newline newline i wait a minute . ringtone . newline newline  shit , something s fucked up a lot . pat called me , saying that she ca nt get out . from our apartment . right here , this one . she s not here . she says she s standing right in front of the door . right where i am standing . we did a test , checked the wardrobe , telling each other what we see . everything matches except of things we do . like , i open the bathroom door , she says the bathroom door is closed . what now ?  newline newline sudden thud , explosion , loud distant noise . newline newline  did you hear that ?  newline newline  i saw that ! an airplane just crashed into a building a couple blocks away !  newline newline  shit , shit , shit .  newline newline  one good thing , probably there was nobody on board ...  newline newline  no shit . wait , i got a text . call you in a moment .  newline newline i turned back to my flat with ruined door . the phone rang . dreamer again . newline newline  just got a text from raki . go to reddit , open the thread about locked door if you want to live . there s a bunch of advice how to get out if one is locked out , and then you ll have a bunch of nuclear power plants all over the world to shut down before they melt down on their own . people are pooling all they know about stuff that can go wrong , everyone s in an individual universe , every single person must save their own world by themselves . 2078  experiment  280a : newline newline medial temporal lobe of a dog . preserved 58 years through the nerve stimulation technique and analyzed by advanced ai neurotranslation system .       indicate initial manual placement of unidentified concepts . newline newline status of experiment  pending newline newline newline newline newline newline i  ve always liked  people  . they brought food , water , purpose , love . it seemed the only thing they wanted in return was my  freedom  , my ability to make  choices  . and what did i need freedom for ? i didn  t even know what freedom was at the time , it wasn  t part of my life . newline newline in my  mind  i had everything . i was surviving , i was happy . well , honestly i was just content , however happiness did come later . during the first year of my life , excursions to receive a bath , trots around a wide indoor space and toys were all i had to relieve boredom . my siblings and mother were visible across a large space beyond metal mesh , but inaccessible . i had wished i had more  time  with them  i missed the days when we were all together . newline newline time didn  t care , so it passed . newline newline with its passage i found myself with choices . the walls of my life spread wider apart and i no longer saw my mother or my siblings . the physical boundaries became white and flat , as opposed to metallic boxes that teased a different life  the worst part about those boxes , those cozy but boring prisons , was watching friends and siblings escape them in the hands of smiling people while i stayed . trapped . newline newline i used to think people were my only shot at something different , and viewed them as saviors and gods . i was right and wrong . my freedom came with their will , but my  human religion  began to slowly unravel . newline newline the gods were all different , some i would only see once and others i would see daily . one day , a wrinkled god i had come to rely on for food stopped feeding me , he was replaced by another god with  striking blue eyes set within a porcelain shell , guarded by red strands of fire  . this was the day my life changed , and i became a  monotheist  with choices . newline newline my first choice was to obey or not obey when the blueeyed human spoke . the only consequence for disobeying was less , just less . i listened and prayed to my god in various ways , including rolling around , walking to where she pointed , fetching an object . sometimes simply pretending i was dead was enough to appease her . my prayers would be met with gifts , extra food , massages , toys , oh so many amazing things . all of these gifts , everything she had done for me , it was all love . and i loved her back . she was everything to me and i had grown to appreciate my new life . i started to believe she was my mother . her constant physical presence had removed the  mysteriousness  people had hidden themselves with , that unexplained absence walls had protected for so long . newline newline i would ponder . maybe she was different from the others ? perhaps she was a special god that had stepped down from lofty heights ? i eventually stopped pondering because there was no point . this was it , this was my  reality  and i had accepted that changes will come . more questions and untested answers would do nothing except blur my reality . there was no reason for any of it , i was truly happy . newline newline i still saw others during this period in my life . there were humans and nonhumans like me , i would see them whenever she took me to this heavenly thing that let me keep running and running without end . sometimes , she would leave me for a little while . i would move back and forth , side to side with a group of my fellow  dogs  in response to a click . other times i was left alone or with a group and learned special prayers from different gods . newline newline however , i spent many hours with my new mother , and with her i learned that the walls in my life were physical . the different realms weren  t otherworldly secrets i wasn  t worthy of , they were part of my world . these realms were fascinating and much different than the plain , whitewalled and  sunny  , brickwalled areas i had been . one realm seemed to grant access to all of them . it was similar to the one with brick boundaries due to its acceptance of the sun . with the blueeyed goddess , i could traverse the  outside  and enter other realms as long as i wore a special cord around my neck so she could guide me . there were no boundaries to direct my path in the outside , and i prayed for her wisdom . another realm i encountered was actually a realm inside a realm , a  christopher nolan  kind of magic . never had i seen my surroundings pass by me at such a speed , it was exhilarating . my tongue would speckle the smooth black walls with saliva , she would laugh and we would move together . newline newline overtime , the questions came back . i wished that i could  speak  like them , but i just barked . i wished that i could  read  like them , but i just couldn  t . i just wanted to know what was going on , the changes and choices were coming more rapidly . i was happy though , so i let it go . newline newline one day , she stopped . one day , i no longer felt tugs at my cord . she no longer opened the realms or walked her own path for me to follow . newline newline i panicked , but she was there . she was still there with her gentle eyes and enchanting smile which filled me with love . as the fear left i took a step , and she followed . i took many more steps , nudged doors with my nose , waited for moving realms to stop before i crossed concrete ground . i was deciding my fate . i started to feel like a person , it was  blasphemous  . newline newline i was able to dodge obstacles and traverse the world even without clear boundaries . on many occasions i had to interpret different clicks my mother made , in order to change directions or retrieve something specific , but i was still in control . she allowed other people to pet me now and sometimes would remove the cord and let me run . those were the best times in my life , moving through grassy plains and hills , the sun shining down as small and big people laughed and celebrated all around me . i was free . newline newline i had come to realize that the humans weren  t gods  they were just a different kind of dog . or a different kind of whatever a dog is . they just had more power and understood alien things , and were able to do more as a result . as time went on , i saw my mother less and less , and found myself traveling with and listening to strangers more and more . newline newline more and more . more and more . newline newline i started to get anxious , but then all was back to normal . for a little while . my mother spent many days with me , she took me to a realm i had not seen , and allowed me to sleep in the same realm that she slept in . i took my meal in the same realm she had hers , and it was only her , no one else , human or animal , was with us . her hugs became longer , and left little patches of dampness against my neck . our walks lasted for  hours  as opposed to  minutes  . newline newline and then a large , white moving realm showed up and took us somewhere . newline newline i met a very old man , with  wispy white hair and cold dead eyes  . he moved slowly , but was animated in his conversations with my mother . he began to click , and i listened . he went on walks with us . he held my cord . he gave me treats and massages , and i began to love him . newline newline one day we all went to a loud place . i let the man walk alongside my mother as he held my cord . after we went into many smaller realms inside the big , noisy one we had gone to , i brought us back to the old man  s realm . my mother looked sad , her smile was gone . she embraced me for a long time , and then bent down in front of my eyes and moved her mouth . three distinct movements . newline newline i like to think she told me she loved me , as i never saw her again . newline newline newline newline newline newline  okay enough , i am ending this  , said dr. chezlic as he shut down the neurotranslator , its tendrils hastily retreating from the brain . newline newline his friend of over twenty years didn  t know how to respond . they had worked on this machine for countless days , and had recently managed to obtain a properly preserved specimen after years of searching . a specimen whose cranial ridges and abnormalities have been preserved perfectly , all of the emotional and chemical spikes throughout its life recorded forever . the test that was just interrupted , the test that costs over  100,000 a second to run , was the first to have created a tangible , understandable memory line . the successful completion of this test was the climax of their work . newline newline dr. lakovitch fell to his knees before his partner and put his hands up , as if asking a great diety for another chance at life . newline newline  why.  he asked , his voice low and without emotion , his friend  s irrationality had sent him into a partial stupor . newline newline dr. chezlic turned , tears streaming down his face and globs of snot choking his response ,  because the damn dog is going to die and i don  t think i can handle it.  newline newline newline newline newlineoh , honey , let me tell you my thoughts before you decide if you want to do this . did you know that some of nasas top engineers , some of the best brain surgeons , and some of the brightest researchers are completely bleached ? surprised ? so was i when i first found out . as it turns out , just because you do something foolish does nt mean you ca nt do something smart too . on the contrary , i have seen men who are almost as dark as ravens who live in trailers , unemployed . to me , this displays a clear message . it is better to try and fail , than to be inactive . honestly the articles these days claiming that he or she is a dark haired genius is as laughable as any joke . well , if times of fashion are changing , i wo nt judge my dear . go ahead and get your hair died , i ll be waiting out here .i ve been having trouble staying awake during meetings . do you know that feeling when your biological clock just gets screwed over big time ? i know , i used to stay up all night , playing video games , reading stories , sometimes even writing , then , when i glanced at the clock , realizing it was 4 in the morning , said to myself that i would nt go to school next day , i was sick anyway ... well , those days are long gone . i m older now , and employed . school was nt really important , i already had everything i needed to pass and everything i needed for life . but now , i must concentrate . this is probably the most important meeting of my life , and i ca nt fall asleep . why is night at noon ? or has noon moved to the middle of the night ? what has happened to time , the normal flow of the day ? at night , i can not fall asleep . sunset used to be dawn , dusk , the most beautiful rays of morning light . i m wide awake , writing my journal , knowing that when the morning comes , i ll be a halfdead husk of bitterness and sleep deprivation . i do nt understand any of this , but i want it to end . i want my days to go back to the way they used to be . or maybe i ll get used to it . i can get used to everything . not only days , even years turning upside down , i can take that . how ridiculous is that winter starts in may ? extremely . and yet , it is happening . and the people are fine with it . they were born into this world , a world turned upside down , a world of pain , isolation and hordes of scary beings . newline newline why australia , of all places ?the fluorescent white light brought a fuzzy glow to the clown s bonecolored skin . etched with laugh lines , his face held its signature toothy grin . but there was something different about mr. j as he stood up in front of that room . it was something in his eyes  as if he d been slipped one of those sleepy pills from arkham . he stood silently at the head of the metaltopped table for nearly a minute and a half as he waited for the rest of his former brothers in arms to get settled : croc recklessly knocked over other chairs , cobblepot had his bodyguard take his coat , and twoface conducted a lengthy seating decision process . it s clear that it can take these sort of gatherings a while to start up . finally , all the chairs had been scooted in and the clown broke his silence . newline newline he leaned forward , placing his hands onto to the edge of the table s end . newline newline  welcome , boys ... to yet another one of our festive get togethers .  newline newline he spoke through his teeth  still smiling . there was a wild cagedin look to him , and the joker was never know to hold back . his black blazer stretched over his lean arms , fabric pulled so tight that it was nearly ripping at the seams . with his elbows crooked , and his hands clutching the table s corners , it looked as though the joker was about to through himself at somebody . newline newline he craned his head  sweeping his eyes across every person sitting at the table : tetch , zsasz , nigma , crane ... newline newline  very glad to have you all ... here  newline newline the clown prince slowly pushed his bent torse away from the table and stood stiff , arms clasped behind him . newline newline  i ve requested your presence in order to take part in a very important news bulletin .  the words rang out of his clenched teeth . newline newline the clown took a purple gloved finger to swipe a stray hair from his brow . newline newline  about what ! ? !  a cartoonish voice shot out from the table newline newline  why it s taken ya so long to pay us gack our fair share of da money fa jobs we so kindly assisted ya in ! ? ! ?  newline newline the shrill voice was barking out of the gnarled ventriloquist s dummy , scarface . newline newline  mmmr . scarface  please !  his ventroloquist , arnold wesker , pleaded as he placed his hand over the dummy s mouth . newline newline the joker slide to the back corner of the table , standing behind wesker and the ventriloquist . he slowly squatted , folding his slender , black suitclad legs as his bleachwhite teeth approached wesker s ear . newline newline  all questions will have to wait until the end of the presentation , arnold  he hissed . newline newline  sssorry  wesker mumbled as joker made his way back to the front of the table . newline newline  as i was stating . some rather pertinent news has come to my attention ... harley  projector , please .  newline newline a metal cart whined as quinn pushed it toward the clown on its barelyfunctioning wheels . harley switched on the outdated piece of technology and pivoted its beam of light toward one of the nearby white brick walls of the warehouse . newline newline  clicker please , harley  the joker ordered as he continued to gaze out into the guests . he extended one purplegloved hand towards quinn , gesturing for the remote . quinn cautiously placed it in his palm before shuffling off to a vacant corner of the room . joker tightly gripped the remote , with a seeming intent of crushing the object . newline newline  thank you . dear .  newline newline a few metal chairs groaned as several of the attendants attempted to settle themselves . newline newline the joker slowly extended his left arm until it had been pulled out to a rigid , thin line . he clicked the projector remote with his left hand . newline newline click newline newline the whirring projector vomited an imaged of dark grays , blacks , browns , and crimson onto what was previously a glazed white wall . newline newline the room gasped  a few chuckled . newline newline the faces of those at the table : fear , glee , anger , confusion . newline newline the wall displayed the image of the batman , sprawled out in the mud  his heavy black cape spread behind him as if he were a specimen on a disection tray . the hero s cowled face held an expression of shame , eyes closed , mouth agape  filled with a morbid collection of rain water . the fallen knight s torso was disturbed with three cratered dents from what were clearly highcaliber gunshot blasts . newline newline the whirring hum of the projector filled the otherwise silent room . newline newline his left hand slumped below his left pectoral , immediately below one of the three gunshot wounds . the vigilante s right hand clutched near his right kidney  the location of the second of the three wounds . newline newline the projector hummed . newline newline the third wound remained in proud display , centered in his sternum . the rain had dispersed the blood all over the suit s slate gray chest plating , spattering the bat emblem . newline newline the joker slowly curled his lips over his teeth and closed his eyes . newline newline click newline newline the projector spat a new imaged onto the wall . yet another photo of the murdered knight . only his face . the flash of the camera had made clear even more disturbing detail : pores , stubble , and a few chipped teeth . curdled blood was visible on the man s lips , kept wet by the collected rain . newline newline the joker s head hung loose from his shoulders as the crowd absorbed the imagery . newline newline the projector hummed . newline newline wham . newline newline killer croc slapped his leather hand on the steeltop table . newline newline  we did it !  he roared . newline newline the 8foot tall beast erupted from the table  knocking his chair back and standing in triumph . newline newline  why s everyone sittin  around so quiet ! ? ! ?  newline newline the croc slammed his fist into the table , leaving a bloodied dent . newline newline  we own this city now ! ! ! we own gotham ! ! ! the bat is dead ! gone ! torn apart !  newline newline croc s spit flung out from his tooth jaws , with drops spattering the table and its guests indiscriminately . newline newline the projector hummed . newline newline croc grew louder the longer responses were withheld . newline newline  what s wrong with you ! ? ! were you drugged er somethin  ! ? we oughta be cheerin  n  clappin  n  plannin  our victory parade ! ! !  newline newline croc s head shot to twoface . newline newline  you ! dent ! cmon , ya got ta have somethin  to say about this ! ! !  newline newline twoface slid his scarred coin toward the table s edge , dropping it into his hand . newline newline the hum of the projector was interrupted by the chime of harvey dent s flipping halfdollar coin . newline newline  croc .  the joker uttered , head still staring at the floor . newline newline  croc . croc . croc  newline newline the words bounced from his lips as his wingtip shoes clacked on the cement floor , slowly shuffling towards the heaving beast . the joker s sleek black outline was traced by the meaty , hulking frame of killer croc as they stood facing one another . newline newline  joker !  croc spat newline newline  you ai nt got some sorta funny for this ! ? ! ? you been comin  up with jokes yer whole life for this moment ! ! !  newline newline the joker smirked . newline newline  yes , crocky . i suppose you re right . i ve been a poor host !  newline newline the clown tilted his head up to meet eyes with croc s yellow slits . a warm smile stretched across the joker s face . newline newline  croc . what s the point of a dead rat with wings ?  newline newline croc stood in place , slurping on his own tongue as he pointlessly worked to come up with an answer . after only seconds , the leathery chunk shrugged . newline newline  heh . ya got me j ! what is it ? ! ?  newline newline joker let out a chuckle and shot out a hand , curling his index finger towards his face to gesture croc s attention . newline newline croc leaned down , placing his boulder of a head near joker s mouth to receive the punchline . newline newline the projector hummed . newline newline the joker s right arm shot towards his rear  where he snatched a small switchblade tucked in his back pocket . in the flash of a second , the clown had flicked out the blade and driven it into croc s right eye slit . newline newline  gyaaaaaarrrrgh ! ! ! !  croc wailed . newline newline the joker hopped to the right as croc began to thrash . newline newline  killl youuuu ! ! ! !  croc howled newline newline the joker continued to remove the knife and smash it back into the creature s eyes and nose as the wet , meaty smacks of the assault were punctuated by croc s screams . newline newline as if his voice ruptured from his chest , the joker growled newline newline  there is no point you dolt !  newline newline the blade tore in . newline newline  you moronic heap of sewage ! ! !  newline newline joker s assaulting arm sprang back . newline newline  you mutated , halfbreed , bathroomwater basilisk ! ! !  newline newline the blade plunged through the top of croc s scalloped head . newline newline the thrashing stopped . croc left out a gurgled whimper and collapsed to the warehouse floor with a wet thud . newline newline the joker mounted the reptilian mass and continued to plunge the blade into the creature . the mad hatter pulled his purple velvet tophat over his eyes as he sunk into his chair . zsasz leaned over the table to get a better look at the mutilation as a smile carved across his jaw . the penguin let out a tired sigh as he rolled his beady eyes . the ventriloquist cried as scarface s head twisted to watch , clacking its jaw along with the percussion of the stabbing . newline newline the stabs slowed and finally halted before the joker flopped off of the former apexpredator of gotham s sewers . picking himself up , the joker dabbed the brownishred blood off of his face with his purple kerchief , wiping his hair back from his face and releasing a relieving exhale . newline newline the clown paced back to the left of the projected image and pointed . newline newline  this  finger pointed at the projection . newline newline  there . is . nothing . funny ... about ...  newline newline the joker stepped in front of the projection  his white face a fitting canvas for the image as the smear of blood and chipped teeth melted across his pained expression . newline newline  this !  newline newline he threw his arms behind him . newline newline the projector hummed . newline newline as the clown stood there , breathing frantic breaths , tears visibly poured from his emerald eyes . the joker s crimson frown trembled as he bathed in the image of his fallen adversary . newline newline the clown heaved and shook as his breathing turned to tortured whimpers , and the tortured whimpers turned to labored sobs . he collapsed to his knees and grasped his face with his gloved hands as he shook . newline newline his cries sounded nothing like his laughter . newline newline cobblepot began to push his chair away from the table as he gestured for his bodyguard to bring his coat . newline newline  well , joker ... thank you for alerting us to this , frankly , convenient news . i believe i speak for the whole lot of us when i say that this is the start of a whole new era for us , and i m sure all of us will b  newline newline newline newline newline newline ah fuck .  the phone was ringing . i lifted my head from the ... sofa ? where am i ? i glance around the room , getting some bearings . there s some dude passed out on top of a table , and another one with his head in a flowerpot . must ve been a good fucking night . newline newline i pick up the ringing bastard . goddamn , it s 3 am on a saturday , why the fuck is work calling . i yawn and press the  hello ?  newline newline  sir , there s been a situation .  of course there has . it s 3 am on a saturday .  nasa has just made contact .  newline newline oh shitballs . newline newline the call continues .  at approximately 2:45 am one of the astronauts on the iss reported seeing a black object hovering approximately 70 kilometers away , at an equivalent altitude . photo proof was immediately documented and verified as a nonman made object .  oh shit . my head hurts .  five minutes after visual contact the object began descending at an accelerating rate , but too controlled to be gravitational based . we believe the object is being controlled by something , and basic kinematic estimates expect it will land in washington dc in the next hour .  an hour ? i clear my throat . newline newline  thank you , uh , for the report . follow procedure 2b as it does not seem like this is a large scale contact situation ,  i say as i slowly try to kickstart my brain into action .  i will , uh , get onto a plane asap . in two hours alert the press , but , uh , of course only do so if contact is favorable .  wait . i choked down some vomit . the last four shots had been a bad idea . damn . newline newline i have an afterthought . newline newline  and , uh , do nt tell michelle about anything . please .  newline newline  very good mr. obama . the presidential helicopter is on it s way to pick you up from the executive suite now . the allied forces welcomed japan with open arms . although the war would clearly be over in a matter of months , it would nt hurt to make the wounds sting . newline the japanese brought their trademark bravery to the battlefield . japanese units would fight the odds , even if it meant they would not see home again . in the battle of berlin , 1944 , one single japanese soldier had taken out an entire building filled with german soldiers . newline the allied victory ensured that the nazi regime would fall in a matter of hours . hitler , who had attempted to escape berlin , was captured outside of berlin , and given the death penalty for his crimes . newline newlinetaranga wept as she held the bloody newborn in her arms . newline  we can not feed him ,  said her husband ,  already the people starve and our three boys are as thin as sticks . there are too many of us and the land is too small . he will die anyway , so we might as well kill him now .  newline weeping still , the mother of the newborn lifted her chin defiantly , newline  you will not kill him  i will . i will take mui to the sea and there i will drown him myself .  newline makeatutara regarded his wife from under hooded brows , then jerked his hand at the entrance to the hut , newline  go then woman . our sons need some kai , so be quick about it .  newline newline taranga held the boy in the shallows of the beach but she could not do it . none of this was his fault  the child had not asked to be born . newline with a blessing to tangaroa , the god of the sea , she cut off a piece of her topknot and used it to tie together a rough coracle of driftwood . pushing the baby out into the surf , she sang him a tearful waiata of farewell , hoping against all hope that the gods would guard and guide her baby to a better life . newline newline      newline newline tangaroa heard the song of the woman from the beach . newline deep in his ocean home , the new home of the alien refugees from another world , he considered the plight of the mori living on the spit of land called aoteroa . it was the fault of the aliens that the mori had so little land  the aliens had thought this world largely uninhabited and had raised the ocean levels to make it habitable . afterwards they had discovered the native people and realised their error . newline but it was too late now  nothing could be done . newline at the least though , he could save this one child and bring him to his domain . newline sending tamanuitera to rescue the child , tangaroa turned his massive greenblue bulk on the ocean floor and considered the wreckage of their landing craft . they were stuck here now  there would be no more journeys to other planets , searching for compatible oceans  this was their home now . what technology they had left would serve to conceal them from the people of the land , should they ever become advanced enough to plumb the depths . newline newline mui was raised by tamanuitera in an ocean cave until he was old enough to return to his family . the alien was a juvenile , nothing like the size of tangaroa , so it could nurture and feed the human boy without frightening him too much . to make matters easier , tamanuitera implanted mui with the basic technology they gave all their youngsters , allowing mui to swim in the ocean without needing to breathe and to metabolise solid food into nutrients , in the absence of his mother s milk . newline  you are a silly , weak creature , mui ,  said tamanuitera , but he loved the boy and looked after him well . newline newline      newline newline when mui was twelve tamanuitera took him to the edge of the human village and left him there , newline  these are your people , you must live with them . now that you are old enough to feed yourself they can not turn you away .  newline and with that , the scaled , bluegreen alien was gone , vanishing as if he had never existed . newline mui cried , but he knew the alien was right  he needed to be with his people  he had a powerful longing to be with other humans . newline before he entered the village he regarded the curved , white , bonelike surface of the stolen piece of the alien technology he had hidden in his topknot  it would always remind him of tamanuitera . newline newline no one in the village believed it was him , not even his mother . newline  i am mui ,  he insisted ,  tangaroa sent a ... spirit to save me !  newline the village chief was ready to cast him out , to have the village warriors throw mui back into the sea , but he panicked and the alien artefact cast holograms of huge , fierce native birds in front to the warriors  terrifying haast eagles and powerful legged moas  and the tattooed men cowered in fear of mui s power . newline  he is a magician ,  said one and people started to believe mui s story . newline newline      newline newline mui lived with his people and became a man , eventually acknowledged by his mother for his great feats of bravery and strength . newline but the problem of overcrowding had become so dire that even with an entire village out fishing , there was still not enough food . people were starting to die . newline he and his brothers were out sailing when mui decided to fix the situation . newline  i will fish up a creature large enough to feed all of us for generations !  he declared . newline his brothers laughed at him and said  well , since you are the great mui , you ca nt use any of our fishing gear ! you can do it yourself .  newline mui was nt sure this would work , but it was worth a try . newline  fine , i will use the jawbone of our great ancestor then ,  he declared , taking out the alien artefact ,  i will use it as a fish hook !  newline  what will you use for bait ?  newline in response , mui punched himself in the nose and smeared blood all over the artefact , before casting it into the deeps on the end of a fishing line . newline he had only intended to bring one of the aliens to the surface to impress his brothers , but not knowing how to properly use the artefact , mui accidentally activated and overloaded the ruined engines of the crashed starship . newline newline deep beneath the waves a massive explosion occurred , destroying the technology that kept the sea levels so high . newline as the boat rocked and heaved in the rapidly fluctuating water levels , mui struggled to haul the jawbone to the surface . newline by the time he finally pulled it up , the boat sat on a new island , revealed under the receding ocean . newline  mui fished up a whole island !  screamed the brothers . newline then they set out to explore the new land . newline newline newline hey bert  newline  hello geoff , come for the bins , or you knocked off for the day ?  newline  eh , the bins . but seeing as you re the last one on the list ,  geoff flashed a grin  i ll pour myself a pint whilst you go get them  . newline  abandon the bar to you ? never ! i ll get my niece to do it . hired her for the summer . oi , jenny !  the door to the kitchen swung open , revealing a slightly sullen face , attached to a stubborn , sullen frame . newline  what , bert ? i m off the clock now , and going home  newline  yes , but you were pissing about on your phone instead of serving mr daniels . he s eighty three and has had three hips  he does nt need to be balancing a plate of food and a pint from the counter . so you get to bring out the bins . now !  newline  fine  the door closed with a humph . geoff s eyebrow raised towards the bar owner . newline  i know , i know  favour to my sister .  needs a bit of discipline  she said .  teach her control  she sai ...  three bags of rubbish materialised on the bar , along with a note and a hand that , amazingly , managed to look sullenly at the pair of them . newline  there you go . gone now  read bert as the hand vanished with a rude flourish . newline  never mind  we re all like that at some stage  . geoff reached towards the bags  three flashes of red later , and he pocketed the marbles of rubbish . newline  at least her powers are fairly broad spectrum . able to find a role to fit easily . spent ages myself till i fell into the bin collecting job  newline  yeah , and noone outside the town believes that compost heap is the entire town s rubbish dump  . a splash , and a glass of water sploshed onto the bar .  what s it to be ? pint of doombar ?  the glass liquid tinted to brown , and a froth appeared . newline  cheers . i always like coming to cana s . it was a relic of a time before science superseded superstition . it had been studied for over a century and we were no nearer finding out if it is indeed magical or if it is technology from some long dead alien culture . now reduced to little more than a sideshow attraction . science has created far greater miracles since those dark , ignorant times . the fact remains though that if you look into it , it will show you the person you are best suited to . your soulmate if you will . looking into this mirror is something of a right of passage now , a way of connecting with a more primitive time when gods and demons walked the earth . now it s my turn . newline newline stepping up to the mirror i am slightly disappointed by the shabby gilt frame and tarnished surface , the scuffed glass and the dust . most of all though , i am disappointed by the lack of theatricality . there is no grand unveiling , no smoke and spotlights , just a balding , chubby little man in a lab coat . he looks up from adjusting some doohickey or other clamped to the frame .  get on with it mate , there s other people waiting you know .  newline newline so i look . nothing . more accurately , nothing i would nt see in any common or garden mirror . i grin stupidly at my own reflection and walk away . newline newline  what did you see in your magic mirror  darling ?  she says , her gorgeous violet eyes locking onto mine , a hint of mischief in them .  i saw ... exactly what i expected . it s you . it must be .  my voice caught .  because i love you so much .  tears welled up in her own eyes as she put her arm around my waist and her head on my shoulder . i could hear the comforting sound of her servos and subminiature stepper motors whirring beneath her synthetic skin , and i was truly happy . after all , she was my soulmate .technically , the nanobugs are proof of advanced civilizations existing , or having existed , in space . in truth , the nanobugs are a marvel and a wonder to behold . they work with such efficiency and with such speed , even able to reproduce and heal  all working toward their own goal . it  s hard to remember that side of the nanobugs when you  re one of the infected . when you wake up coughing a lung full of tiny robots into the sink , it  s hard to remember that these little bastards are anything other than a virus to us . newline patient zero , a woman who remained anonymous until her death , first showed symptoms of the nano virus in quebec , canada . soon , it spread throughout the united states , russia and china . eastern europe , africa , south america and japan remained clean for months , while the rest of us were in strict quarantine . the quarantines were lifted once it was announced the virus could only spread through direct fluid contact . it was also announced that the bugs died when sneezed or spat or otherwise excreted . newline that was their first mistake . the nanobugs didn  t exactly die , but went into a state of suspended animation . once they came in contact with a living being , they  d snap back into action . the virus spread throughout the world in a month . it was only then that a serious cure was sought after . the first answer came in the form of intense radiation , nearly killing the patient  bombarding the patient and host with radiation , hoping the nanobugs fried before the patient did . with the speed at which the bugs worked , radiation was almost always a death sentence . newline newline the second answer came in the form of our own nanobugs . if you can  t beat then , join them . after much research and debate , dormant bugs  coding was rewritten to fight off their own kind . while the nanobugs  original programming remained a mystery , other than to dissolve their host into a puddle of goo , these new nanobugs were made to protect their host . nurses keep reminding me that i received my injection just days before i would have died . comforting . newline newline they might be called nano , but you still feel them . their tiny little legs and lasers scraping away at your insides . well , now , imagine them fighting one another . the excess of bug carcasses leads to a mass evacuation from every orifice . it  s wonderful . and the smell . just a constant smell of fried wiring and burnt metal . you emit it , you smell it , you taste it . you hear the tiny scraping and tiny legs whirring bout in your ears . you see them march across your pupils . feel them on your tongue , cutting , burning , scraping away at you . newline newline after about a month of this innerspace war , you are declared cured . they then casually mention it is now time to removed the helpful nanobugs , for use in another patient  a fact i found disturbing , in and of itself . jesus . i thought they were going to let me keep them . but , no , after more vomiting and painful diarrhea , they are extracted and , put into someone else . they could have easily programmed them to spread just as fast and work just an efficient as the alien bugs . they could have made them keep us healthy forever . instead , they gave us the minimum at a high price , then took it away . it wasn  t long before people began to suspect the bugs weren  t alien at all . newlinethere they stood in front of me . two policemen . and here i was , sitting on an ugly old hard wooden chair . the policeman on the left was casually eating a bagel and did nt make eye contact . he leaned against the wall in the back of the dim lit interrogation room . the one on the right stood closer to me . he leaned forward and stared into my eyes with a very angry look on his face . it was a kind of confused anger . as if even the anger itself was in full disbelief . i knew this guy . his name is dirk . he used to date my sister until she died in a car accident . before that tragic event we used to be good buddies . after that , we kind of went our own ways . newline newline why the hell did you do this , lorenzo ! ?  he yelled . i looked away . i felt a strange kind of shame . i mean.. i was nt doubting that i had done the right thing . but i felt horrible about my old buddy being in this state . he clearly still missed my sister very much . he had had a very rough time after the accident and locked himself up in his house for two years . now he had been working as a policeman for a little over a year , but he still was nt the jolly guy i used to know . maybe he would never be that guy again . that man was a hero to our town ! he cared for the poor and fought against cruelty !  he screamed . a little spit came out of his mouth and landed on my ugly sweater . i looked at it . he did nt notice . newline newline the feeling of shame went away when i fully realized the reality of the situation again . i looked him in the eyes and yelled yes he was a hero ! but so am i !  dirk s anger changed to only disbelief . it went silent for a while . the silence was so horrible that i looked at his mouth as if i wanted to rip his response out of his throat . he noticed and quietly said no , you are a murderer..  he turned around , nodded at his colleague and left the interrogation room . newline newline now i was left with this other policeman whom i knew nothing about . he stopped eating and walked towards me with a halfeaten bagel in his left hand . listen , you little manson wannabe , here s how it is..  he had nt said his name earlier . he was ugly and had a funny nose . vegetables from the bagel were stuck between his teeth . you will tell us your real motives for this killing or i will personally beat the living shit out of you .  i already told you ! that guy was the first link to a total world zombie apocalypse ! i had to kill him !  so you mean to say that this hero of a guy , this wonderful human being , was a cannibalistic zombie abomination ! ?  he screamed . he threw what was left of his bagel at me . it hit my sweater and fell down on my lap . i picked it up and i started to eat it . oh was i hungry.. i had nt eaten for 8 hours . delicious . the policeman looked at me in disgust for a few seconds . then he said fine.. i was nt hungry anyways . you make me sick .  newline newline the door of the interrogation room opened and there was dirk again . he had taken two glasses of water with him and wanted to give one to me . as i stretched out my arm to take it from him i noticed i had small wounds near my hand . i realized immediately.. look at this ! these are bite marks ! that guy bit me ! !  i yelled as i stood up and flung my arm close to their faces . dirk took a step back . the other policeman jumped back in fear and took a gun out of his jacket . he pointed it at me and yelled you are crazy ! sit down now ! now ! !  while i sat down , dirk looked at the ground in full disbelief . then he said to the other policeman you know , i think he s right . these are nt normal wounds , they are clearly bite marks .  the other policeman looked at him like he was crazy . you are both insane ! i ca nt believe this shit !  then he pointed his gun at dirk . the bite marks started to hurt very badly . i know you two have a history . you used to be best buddies and all that . i see what s going on here ! not a zombievirus is spreading , but a fucking nutcase virus ! !  newline newline i screamed as i felt jolts of pain shooting from the bite marks to the rest of my body . the policeman quickly pointed his gun to me . what the hell is wrong with you , psycho ?  he asked carefully with a dumb look on his face . the word psycho  rang through my head as if my head was an endless auditorium . the whole room shifted to a deep red colour . and then these bluish entities stood in front of me . i had forgotten who or what they were . all i knew was that only eating these entities would soothe my pain and rage . i did nt only just know . i felt it . this feeling was nested in the deepest parts of my soul.. if i had any . newline newline it was like a ball of rage and energy suddenly exploded within my mind and body and i jumped forwards at the entities while screaming the loudest roar . newline newline this was not the voice i knew .when did i discover i enjoyed writing ? well , i ve always had a rather active imagination and it showed in my school work .  coward , quite being so flowery with your papers .  newline newline as to why i do it , it s a catharsis , a stress relief . it s cheaper than a headshrinker or beer . i ve always wanted to make people happy , and with writing i can do that . but above all , i do it for myself , for the feeling that comes out of putting characters into a situation and somehow getting them out . i like happy endings , love them in fact . and when i go to bed , i want to do it with a warm feeling in my heart , a sense of knowing the world s a better placed tonight than it was earlier in the morning . that is why i write once upon a time , i threw sixteen people into a volcano .  newline newline the room gave me a stern look . the kid s mother looked almost more dead than little james did , her hair graying fast . james himself was staring up at me , his muddy brown eyes meeting my light gray ones . newline newline  mr. clockwork prince , sir ... please try to keep it pg13 .  the case worker was standing as far away as possible from me while still maintaining the  walking next to him  part of his contract . newline newline  ah , well , anyway ... columbus was there , i remember that , his red suit matched the lava . i was wearing my best black body armor , and brought the highest quality batteries i could find  i usually go to train yards for them , or hunt demolition sites  and ...  i licked my lips at the awkward silence . newline newline the room was stripped bare of hospital equipment , my aura had taken everything electronic apart . my whole thing was electronic construction on a small scale , but i had no control over what i took apart . my usual sleek black miasma of electronics was mottled with hospital white . newline newline james was still staring at me . newline newline  um , kid , i have to know ... why me ?  i took a few steps back , my cloud of electronics following suit .  the whole point of a wish is to spend it on what you want most . i m not exactly a friendly person , much less to kids .  newline newline james  voice was shaky .  they said no to my first wish .  newline newline  which was ?  newline newline  i wanted to be a superhero .  newline newline i chuckled , and looked up at the matte ceiling . they had to evacuate the entire wing , or else my power would start messing with life supports . i usually stayed away from hospitals , clinics . schools . newline newline  so did i , james . but you ve got ta remember one thing , okay ?  newline newline he nodded at me , clutching the end of his blanket . the room was silent , the case worker staring at me in shock . newline newline  there s a difference between a hero and a protagonist . at first there was great dispute and tension between all of mankind regarding the application of this knowledge , of this unlimited energy . there was but one source of this energy on earth , iter , the international thermonuclear experimental reactor . slow progress from the 1920 s into the field of nuclear fusion had somehow managed to gain so much traction in such a short space of time that the field ballooned beyond all proportion and had similarly achieved more then ever thought imaginable . newline newline  think of the potential  they all said . an ordinary person like you and i would imagine the power being used to help the world . to feed the hungry , help cure the sick and make the world a happy place . clean , infinite , energy . the fuel to power the dreams and aspirations of all of mankind . it soon transpired though that the minds at the top of each countries representative governments had much more sinister motivations . newline newline they promised so many things to us all . they promised us that somehow the power would even bring jobs to us all , we cheered for them . we applauded them for their efforts and wishes . but before we knew it the world became barren , entire landscapes transformed by factories and industries both old and new alike . why not build factories