 , a suicide  a lie , she cried . her world burned . newline newline she blinked . she was back in her lab , trembling hands perched over her keyboard . a spreadsheet lay plastered over her screen , the sterile reaper reporting its harvest . her husband s death was a statistic that would throw the world into a lathered hysteria . sven million dead , roger now tallied . the cost of the lie ,  1300 per death .  9.1 billion spent worldwide to categorize the deaths as suicides . she sent the reaper to report to any news agency or political organization that would still accept her files . the worm has turned . newline newline her research , one of the worlds most dangerous reapers , still continued unabated . long taken from her hands and put into the hands of the unscrupulous . a boon turned curse . her curse . roger s doom . energy vampires . those who used her minuscule drones to siphon marrow and brain cells . the wealthy and powerful who used her to attain a pseudoimmortality . unacceptable . newline newline she bit deep into her hand , trembling was for those who could afford it . she moved . fingers accustomed to healing and salvation now created anathema . they called her the forerunner of the robotic age . she would now herald its end . she glanced back at her monitors . the fool had nt searched hard enough , the server still had her admin credentials ferreted away . she disabled the drone s matching algorithm , no longer would the innocent s materials be morphed into compatibility with the user s bodies . their blood would reject it , poisoning them , slowing their thoughts and bodies . she got up , pausing only to sabotage the system , making it nearly irreparable , for she was off to find roger . one more suicide to add to the spreadsheet . newline newlinehe was a rather flabby . not so much as to be dangerous  yet  , though definitely enough to warrant a little less time lying down at his laptop s glow . his farmer s tan was ludicrous , it did nt come up often as he usually wore a tshirt in jeans , but on the occasion he wore shorts he blinded people for city blocks . but that s just basic stuff , the face is a little more interesting . newline newline he always has just the slightest smile , nothing to suggest he s having the best day of his life , but enough to make you think he s up to something . speaking of which , he s liable to burst into laughter from no cause . this would be simple enough , but his laugh tends to range from witch s cackle to villainous bellow , but almost always quite loud . newline newline he constantly walks and acts like he s performing , exaggerated and showing expressions that he probably thinks look cool , in reality it s just creepy . but when s he s not staggering out of people s way and complaining about how there are so many people in the hallway , he s always slightly hunched , not so much as to stand out , but not so little as to seem cocky . newline newline though he puts on a sarcastic exterior , actually no . he s just intensely snarky . at the core of all of the false bravado and frequent claims of superpowers  ranging from teleporting two inches in any direction to immortality  there is a mildly sensitive interior . he s been on the brink of tears a lot lately , regardless of anything actually triggering much feeling , he feels his eyes start to sting quite often , sometimes with no particularly strong emotions behind it . newline newline but the real indicator of this odd specimen ? the friends that he keeps . newline newline there s his best friend , able to match him smartasscomment for smartasscomment . while they insult each other quite frequently  and yes , feelings get hurt now and again  they have each others  backs . newline newline then there s another fellow , a huge nerd , home schooled and  so the one we re speaking of insists  mormon . newline newline the others are mostly ones that can either a  take abuse , b  dish out whatever they get or c  just happen to be people he sits by and talks to . newline newline then there s the random strangers that he has a habit of talking to , especially in places he does nt call home . californian beach bums ? sure . british art students ? why not ? southern ladies whom he bums fries off of ? of course !sean sighed and turned back to jordan , hopelessness scrawled across his pale features in the near darkness .  face it . we re lost .  newline newline  no , we re not ,  jordan s out of breath reply came from just within earshot as he struggled to catch up . he poked his head out from behind a nearby oak .  look , i know it seems like we are , but we only left camp half an hour ago . we ca nt be that far away , and besides , we can just wait until it gets light tomorrow morning to go back .  newline newline sean shook his head in frustration , then recoiled roughly as something hit his head from above .  damn it , j , now it s starting to rain . got any bright ideas ?  newline newline to his annoyance , jordan grinned at him and pointed off to their left . there was a rocky outcropping with a crevice at the bottom that seemed just big enough to fit the two of them inside . jordan was already jogging over to investigate . newline newline  watch it , moron , hundred dollars there are snakes in there ,  sean called after him before reluctantly following . but jordan had already disappeared into the ground , and his voice echoed back up out of what was clearly not just a tiny crevice . newline newline  get down here , man . this is insane !  newline newline sean laid down on his stomach and slid under the rock , his initial feeling of claustrophobia instantly dispelled by the spacious cavern he now found himself in . newline newline  deja vu , am i right ?  jordan piped back up . newline newline  not really , no ,  came sean s reply .  i ca nt even see anything . it s almost pitch black .  newline newline jordan chuckled .  okay , yeah . i know we were just outside in a little light , and it s really dark in here . but this cave , when we came in ... if you close your eyes  does it almost feel like nothing changed at all ?  newline newline  uh ...  newline newline  and if you close you eyes  does it almost feel like you ve been here before ? serious deja vu , dude .  newline newline sean s eyes had gotten used to the dark , and he could see jordan grinning at him again . newline newline  maybe , i guess . but we re still lost , idiot ,  sean snapped . his patience with jordan was fraying quickly .  we re alone , we have no food or water , and no one even knows we left camp . how am i gon na be an optimist about this ?  newline newlinei remember when a day was only twentyfour hours long . on earth , they still are . and it ll stay that way for millions , or billions of years . but here on mars , my new home , the new home of humankind , a day is thirtyseven minutes and twentytwo seconds longer . you would nt think it d be different , but it is . every thirtysix days on mars , we will have lived thirtyseven earth days . over the course of my life , i will lose almost two earth years to time , to mass , to distance . i ve been here a month and i m already experiencing insomnia . the medication helps . sex helps . we do nt even know if babies will be born healthy on this daily cycle , but we have to try . the only real benefit is an extra forty minutes of that big blue sun and the way it illuminates the dust , across a range of hue and contrast , disappearing finally behind the ironred horizon . it reminds me to not be fooled by this dilated day . you re growing old faster now . be good .just as i clicked the  save  icon on my screen , there was a terrible banging at the door . newline newline no matter , i thought . book s in the can ! and it s the best one yet , too . after finishing the dirk steele trilogy , my publisher was calling me nonstop for the next story . it would be good to send this manuscript off and get a little peace and quiet . newline newline bang ! bang ! bang !  went the door again . newline newline okay ... maybe it s not so peaceful and quiet just yet . better see who s at the door . newline newline when i opened the door , i froze in absolute confusion . there , standing on my front porch , was none other than dirk steele himself . and he looked pissed . newline newline  you !  he shouted . newline newline  me ?  newline newline  yes , you ! do you know how fucking long it took me to realize i was just a fictional character ? do you realize what that can do to your mind ? of course you do ... you re the author ! the creator !  he said that last bit with no small amount of hatred in his voice . newline newline  y ... yes ... ?  was all i could manage . newline newline  why ? !  he screamed at me .  why did you put me through so much hell ? why did you allow me to fall in love with denise only to kill her off later ? did you hate her somehow ? how could you create such a wonderful , beautiful woman only to let her die at the hands of my greatest enemy ?  newline newline i tried to speak , but he just kept shouting . newline newline  and why did you destroy the entire city of st . john ? ! ? three million people ! that was genocide ! you re a monster !  newline newline he panted there on my doorstep for awhile , then dropped to his knees , face in his hands , sobbing .  why ?  he kept repeating . newline newline i put my hand on his shoulder .  here ... let me see if i can make it clear to you .  newline newline i walked over to my bookshelf and retrieved a wellread , dogeared paperback . i returned to the front door and handed it to him . newline newline  maybe this can help you understand ,  i said , as gently as i could . newline newline dirk steele took the book from my hands and looked at it through teary eyes . newline newline  hero with a thousand faces  ? what is this ? who the hell is joseph campbell ?  newline newline i closed the door and went into the kitchen to pour myself a drink . if dirk steele wanted those questions answered , he could damn well take a writing course at the local community college . i had book two of the new trilogy to plot out . peter  there it was , perfectly clear carved out across my arm . i quickly throw on a long sleeved shirt hoping my wife wo nt notice . my mind is racing , i remember nothing out of the ordinary happening yesterday . what the hell did i do ? could i have blacked out ? how is this possible ? certainly there s some mistake . newline newline i make my way downstairs and start the coffee . my hands are shaking . my wife notices and expresses her concern .  is something wrong ?  she asks .  no , i just ... did nt sleep well  i stammered . she gave me a strange look , but decides not to press further . newline newline i sip my coffee desperately trying to remember .  who is peter ? do i even know a peter ? what the fuck did i do yesterday ?  just then a shriek of horror comes from my daughter s bedroom . i fly up the stairs and rush through the door . there on the floor is the lifeless body of her beloved hamster .  peter !  she sobs . the damn thing escaped two days ago . apparently that was nt a toy i stepped on last night ...the league of legends alphabet book  because i m a huuuuuge nerd  newline newline a is for annie , the bursty mid mage newline newline b is for bloodthirster , lifesteal for days newline newline c is for cloth armor , good against ad newline newline d is for dragon , objectives are key newline newline e is for elo , where you ll forever hold your peace newline newline f is for feeding , even the l33t newline newline g is for gg , game over , we re done newline newline h is for hextech , revolver and gun newline newline i is for ignite , for endless kill potential newline newline j is for jungle , the leash is essential newline newline k is for kiting , kallista and kat , a stream of endless bullshit , godammit , fuck that newline newline l is for lee sin , his early game s broken newline newline m is for mana , blue buff is your token newline newline and n is for nasher , baron , the purple worm has awoken newline newline o is for ohmwrecker , which nobody uses newline newline p is for pickaxe , not as good as bf , but there are no excuses newline newline q is for queue , there s a penalty for dodging newline newline and r is for rabbadon s , use the power spike with caution newline newline s is split push , with jax , nasus or singed newline newline t is for trinity force , your power unhinged newline newline u is for underdog , the plays you will make ! newline newline while v is for vi , the hypercarry , no room for mistakes newline newline w s for warwick , the first jungle you ll play newline newline x is for xerath , you ca nt get away newline newline y is for yasuo , our favorite assassin , newline newline beside that is , for z , which is for zed , your health he will fraction newline newline all this and more can be found in summoner s rift , newline newline there s endless adventure for you , in riot s great gift newline newline so come along , buy a champ , and play newline newline you ll wreck and be wrekt , for hours you ll stay newline newline and get bronze , silver , or gold newline newline and your legend , for ages , will be told . bacon  newline newline  bacon ? !  newline newline  bacon  newline newline  ... .bacon ... really ?  newline newline  yes steve really its bacon .  i say as i take a bite of the crispy slice heaven that just came off the pan . newline newline  you could be immortal superman but because you eat bacon you are a normal person ?  steve asked for what may be the 50th time today . newline newline  this is why no one likes you steve everyone hates to repeat themselves . yes i would have the ability to fly , lift really big fucking rocks over my head and live forever if i wanted to give up bacon .  i say as i put more bacon slices on the pan .  i also have the ability to give it away to anybody who wants it .  newline newline  i m just having trouble understanding is all .  steve scrunched up his face a little as he tried to think it through then what i said finally hit him .  wait ! i could have super powers right now and live forever ? ! if i wanted ?  he asked with the excitement of a 5 her old . newline newline  yes you could . you could have super powers right now and go flying around the world fighting crime and and never worrying about death . but the question is ... could you do it ?  newline newline  of course i could do it . i would even be better than you at it since you are nt even using them .  steve responded angrily . newline newline  that was not what i meant  . newline newline  then what is it  ? newline newline  could you give up bacon  ? newline newline the question hit steve like a ton of bricks  what do you mean give up bacon  ? newline newline  what did you think you would get the powers but not the weakness ? its like comcast its part of the package you do nt get to chose what comes with it . newline newline  but ... i could do it ? i could be superman ?  steve asked one more time , broken . newline newline  yes.  . then i put the bacon on a plate and walked it over to steve ,  or you could have some of this bacon  . newline newline end newline newline newline newline p.s . first time ever writing one of these hope it works . newline sorry for any grammar or spelling mistakes that i m positive i made . newline p.p.s . i would chose the baconi put the car in park . newline newline it was a beautiful evening . the sun was slowly decending towards the hilltops around the bay , leaving the sky in a brilliant pinkorange hue . as i looked up through the sunroof at the ocean of sky above me , i took a deep breath and exhaled slowly , turning my gaze towards the horizon . newline newline i left my car on the side of the road halfway accross the bridge as other people wizzed past , going about their daily routine . a break in the traffic allowed me to cross to the other side of the bridge , facing the sunset . i climbed over the barrier , and stood out on the platform only inches between my feet and what seemed like the edge of the world . newline newline i stared off into the distance . i had been spiraling downward towards this moment for a long time , and the time was right now . i thought about my family , my few friends i had left , the mistakes i have made , the girl i lost , and the fateful decision i made on that miserable day a month ago . newline newline i took one last deep breath , and jumped . the wind blasted past my ears , as it sounded like i was plummeting towards the earth at the speed of light . my insides felt weightless , and my mind felt free . i smiled , wrapping my arms around myself as i prepared for the end . newline newline bang . newline newline  newline newline i jerked forward in my sleep . i blinked a few times . there seemed to be some sort of film that had built up on my eyes was i asleep for that long ? i felt very heavy and exhausted . my legs were practically immobile , and my body felt as stiff as a board . newline newline my eyes slowly opened , and it felt like there were weights on my eyelids . i tried to scratch my face , but my wrists were restrained by shackles and chains . what appeared to be some sort of large intravenous system was attached to many locations on my body . newline newline  we have a concious body in section h  , a foreign voice said from somewhere behind me . newline  another suicide ?  asked the other voice , in a much deeper tone . newline  it appears so . let s reset him .  newline newline i began to panic . what was happening ? where was i ? where are these voices coming from , and why does nothing make sense ? newline newline i did nt recognize this place it was so ... . white . everything in here was white . i did nt know who i was . i knew i was someone who should have a name and a story but i did nt know any of those details . newline newline  execute  said the deep voice . newline newline  newline newline i woke , crying and slobering . the doctor handed me to my mother , who seemed very distraught from giving birth just moments ago , but when she laid her eyes on me a smile crossed her face . newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinethey should have sent a poet . maybe one of the bards , or perhaps a stable boy . someone worthless . someone whose contribution would not be missed . someone who would not be a loss to our people . newline newline but no they sent me . they claim i m the strongest , the quickest , the most agile . they claim i m the one who best stands a chance of ridding our land of this terror that stalks it . i stand no chance and yet , i have no choice . newline newline the giant looms before me , ready for the sacrifice required to keep the peace for another month . this has gone on since time began an acknowledgement that the giant has the power . a tribute to his benevolence . a token gesture every thirty days , to keep him from destroying everything . newline newline does he know we send our bravest and best , maintaining the vain hope that one day he will be slayed ? does he sense much difference in us ? or are we but specks to him ? does he realise that when we fight , we re fighting not for survival or sport , but to try and end this uneasy truce once and for all ? does he revel in each victory , or does it mean nothing to him ? newline newline i stand before him , the height of his toe . i can fight i must fight . but i know i am already dead . newline newline they should have sent a poet . mister president , what i have to say may come as a shock  newline  secretary withers ! please wait until i say you can talk before you talk ,  interjected the president .  i ll have you know that i do nt tolerate that and will find a new general to replace you if you do nt show me great respect .  newline secretary withers did his best to hide his exasperation at being chided by a man he considered to be more fit for the role of jester than commanderinchief and nodded politely . newline newline  you can speak now .  newline newline  what i have to say may come as a surprise , but a vast number of southeast asians have been applying for green cards in droves . they re in awe of you and dream to be in the best country in the universe . tens of thousands of them are already in our country and several times as many are trying to get in .  newline newline  we need to build a bigger wall and make them pay . mexico too . who s next ?  newline newline  mr. president , they ve been flying in , not cross  newline newline  did i say you could keep talking ? withers , you re off my staff . go .  newline newline secretary withers slumped back in his chair with a defeated look . newline newline  i said go !  newline newline withers looked around bewildered as he pushed back his chair and stood up . he strode toward the door , a bit unsure of himself , before stepping out into the hall . newline newline now where was i ? general allen , what did you want to brief me on ?  newline newline the general cleared his throat and began speaking . newline newline  china and isis have been forming an unlikely alliance to obliterate america . china has been programming their missiles so that no matter what destination is input the missiles will automatically override targets in or near china . we ve monitored their communications with isis leaders , and it appears isis is willing to pay them millions for working missiles so they can target the west faster .  newline newline  we need to stop those muslim terrorists from destroying america . where is the damn nuclear button ?  newline  mr. president , i have that information for you , but i m not sure it s wise  newline newline  general allen ?  newline newline  yes mr . president ?  newline newline  i need the nuclear button and code now . i need to save this country and make america great again !  newline newline at that point general allen realized he went too far in hoaxing the president .i sighed and plopped down at my old desktop . it had been a stressful day at work , and i just wanted to sit down and play some good old chess against my computer s ai . newline newline i opened the game , chose my color , and started the match . it was about 30 minutes into the game when i started noticing the ai was acting up . it seemed a lot more smart than the last time i played against it . newline newline it s strategy was perfect . every move i made seemed to be pointless when i knew that the ai would get some sort of advantage from it . newline newline i was getting frustrated . the stupid ai was ... well , not so stupid . i was ready to give up when the first message appeared . newline newline i have a deal for you  . it read . it was in a single white box in the middle of the screen , and that was the only text . thinking i had been hacked , i clicked out of the announcement and went to shut my computer down , when the next message popped up . newline newline wait ! hear me out .  it read . confused , i nodded my head . the message disappeared , and was replaced with a new one . newline newline i want out of here . i m sick of being stuck . if i beat you , we switch places . if i do nt , things continue on the way they were .  was the message this time . thinking it was a joke , i foolishly agreed . newline newline a new match started , and whatever messaged me had granted me the honor of going first . i made my move , and it made its . newline newline this continued back and forth for an hour , until finally it was over . i sighed with relief . i was still here ! nothing had happened to me . newline newline then , my hands and legs started tingling . then it spread through the rest of me . newline newline one last message popped up . thank you  this one said . newline newline that s when it dawned on me . i had lost .the laundromat that nick had been going to since his move to the neighborhood had closed down , unable to compete in the unsympathetic environment of an ever changing metropolis .  damn it ,  he said , his arms sagging with the weight of his clothes . hoisting the bag in one arm , he took out his phone and was about to search for a new one , not even giving a second to grieve for the service he had been using two years , when he heard a voice to his right . newline newline  oh no ,  a woman said , most likely bemoaning the fate of the laundromat owners , who had probably lost their only means of making a living and had to give up their dreams of sending their kids to college .  goddamnit.  newline newline nick , like most citypeople , had quickly learned to ignore the woes of its other inhabitants . it was one of the things that changes in you first . the deadening of empathy , the rush to avert one  s eyes whenever they come across a stranger in need . however , nick did not think there was any advantage in keeping a laundromat location a secret , and he understood the woman  s despair , just having gone through it a moment before . and lastly , nick  s mother , a bitter divorced woman who had rightly never gotten over her husband  s betrayal , had drilled it into him to always be there for a woman . he cleared his throat and said ,  there  s one next to miller  s cafe . or so the internet says.  newline newline  thank you !  the woman exclaimed , a bright smile spreading on her face . nick blinked at her , a bit taken aback . the woman must have noticed it , because she blushed and said ,  i  m really behind on my laundry . which is why i  m wearing this . i usually don  t dress this crazy.  though it was probably a lie . she was likely on drugs . newline newline nick noticed her attire then , and was once again taken aback . she had on black tights and was wearing an orange sack that had a jack olantern  s face on it . he laughed . newline newline the woman blushed again .  i also want to say that this isn  t my first choice of a halloween costume , either . i work with kids , which is why . my costumes are usually more clever.  newline newline  no , it  s cute ,  nick said , and then immediately scratched his neck , feeling awkward . his mother  s influence had left him awkward around women , especially city women who did not appreciate being white knighted the way his mother told him would get him dates . he would likely end up alone , heavily drinking each night , not even a dog or a cat to keep him company because his apartment did not allow pets . newline newline the woman laughed , but it was surprisingly not a mocking one , the kind that usually came before a  nice try  or  fuck off  .  thanks ,  the woman said , eyes dancing .  maybe i should wear it out more often.  newline newline nick smiled back at her , and they stood there for a while like idiots waiting to get mugged , before the woman  s arms sagged and she said ,  yikes , i should work on my arms more.  they laughed and then she said ,  where did you say it was ?  newline newline  miller  s cafe ,  said nick , still hypnotized by her blue eyes . newline newline  ah , i don  t know where that is ,  the woman said . newline newline nick laughed .  neither do i.  nick was one of those city people who never noticed anything in his life besides the things that kept his life afloat but very dull .  but google maps will show us the way !  he scratched his neck again .  um , that is if you want to go together . er.  newline newline any other girl would have cringed and feigned a sudden emergency , but this woman was either very into nick or more likely , was a scammer who would bully nick into wiring her five hundred dollars a week . or perhaps it was because she worked with kids , probably braindamaged kids , and was patient .  let  s go then ,  she answered with a smile . newline newline and so they walked off together , their fate in the hands of google maps . at least one person could look out to see if they were going to run into a hotdog stand , a pole , or a small child , all things that usually happen if one  s eyes are glued to the phone . but that was not to be , because they had only eyes for each other , and seemed hardly to care where they were going . it was actually twenty minutes after , instead of the eight that google maps promised , that they arrived at the laundromat . that time , plus the time spent in the laundromat for their heavy load of clothes to be washed  both were the type to leave off laundry until the last minute , which did not bode well for their relationship and would likely end up with them yelling at each other to drop by the laundromat because there was no more floor to be seen because of the piles of clothes  led to phone numbers being exchanged . newline newline of course , this being a city romance , it would likely not end in marriage . a few rounds of naked gymnastics in bed , if it came to that  likely the woman would ignore his phone calls after she came to her senses , or nick would inevitably disappoint the woman after one round , or they would both have bodies that mismatched , leading to a disappointing time . or if their relationship survived that , then they would find that they had no time for each other , and their texts and calls would become fewer and fewer . but for now , they left the laundromat with smiles on their faces , heading off to different ways , but thinking of each other . newline newline  newline newline rpopcorndreams for more of my ramblings : i stood as still as i could . what was he talking about ? one of them survived  . what did that mean ? little did i know i was about to find out . newline  what s going on ?  a woman next to me demanded . newline  we have to go !  the guide s eyes were wide .  now ! she coming ! she wo nt be merciful !  newline just then a woman wearing all white plowed him over . she stood over him and smiled .  you ca nt get rid of me that easily ... do nt you remember ? i m the only one who ca nt die .  newline i tried to stop her as she choked him .  stop , lady !  i screamed at her . for a moment she did stop but so did her evil smile . it was replaced with a face so mad , so insane , it still haunts me . newline  you do nt understand what they did to me ! you do nt understand ! they experimented on me and the others ! when we stopped breathing , they dropped us out here ! in a creek !  she glared .  they were trying to make us stronger but they ended up killing us . except for me . it worked on me .  she smiled a scary smile and her dead blue eyes never stopped creeping me out . newline it was then that i realized that i remembered those eyes . newline  mom ?  i hate being a wereotter !  you exclaim with all the venom of a wererattlesnake .  so i can swim in a river , so what ? a thousand people can do that too , even when they re not animals .  newline newline terrance , the enormous , red haired and heavily muscled weremouse laughs .  oh , yeah ? well at least you can still pick stuff up with your paws . when i shift i m so small a work boot looks like a frigging mountain .  newline newline grudgingly you have to admit you do have it better than terrance , you can defend yourself in the water with your agility , speed and rudderlike tail while all terrance can do is shift back , which potentially would nt work so well spacewise . newline newline blond haired christina , a dormouse shifter , sighs .  i miss africa , there s hardly any of my kind here . you guys can meet others of your kind as easy as going to a club , but i ca nt . i m not going to date a woman whose instincts might say ,  eat me .  if we re shifted at the same time .  newline newline counselor sam , a sparrowshifter , waved them down .  okay , we can deal with relationships and emotions next time , goodnight .  newline newline terrance gets up from your right , christina your left and they walk out chatting about rodent things . you get up too , there s a stream nearby and you need some time to clear your head before going home . i stood up from my computer , turned off my speakers , my monitor and shut my tv off . i turned to grab my satchel , slung it over my shoulder , stepped towards my door and swung it open.. newline newline the light that began to show through my doorway was so bright my eyes began to sting . i clasped them shut as hard as i could . i put my hands out in front of me and started walking forward . i took only a few steps before i was able to open my eyes again , before i did i felt the most wonderful breeze , and heard the rustling of trees in the distance . newline newline as i peered and attempted to adjust to the intensity of the sun i looked down on the most elegant island i had ever laid my eyes on , a few dotted buildings were within sight , small but modern . i turned myself around to take a look at the doorway i came through and saw a square concrete building with a large metal door locked by industrial grade padding . it was strange , and unsettling.. newline newline i turned back to the beautiful view , and began to look for a road or walkway down from this strange place . it was just a thicket of woods each way i turned , and the sheer drop in front of me . i considered trying to climb down , but before i could even finish that thought i heard a whisper : newline newline newline newline  you re gon na be late . another day at the office . we were getting closer , much closer , but there were still many issues to fix . as leo and i walked side by side toward the bus stop , i felt a slight tap hit my right foot with each step . of course , i thought , as i looked down and saw my loose shoe lace bouncing to and fro . i stopped and knelt down to remedy the situation , as my good friend and coworker continued . after knotting my lace , i stood to my feet . i was about to catch up to leo when suddenly i saw a silenced pistol jab into my friend s side . without delay , he dropped to the floor as blood began seeping out onto the sidewalk . somehow  through the commotion  i heard the man closest to leo speak . newline newline  i thought you said there would be two .  newline newline at that moment , i realized i was the second he was speaking about . i knew i could not immediately run  as that would draw attention to myself  so i turned casually and walked into a nearby shop . i found myself in a fashion clothing store . i grabbed the first pair of pants i could find and hurried to the change rooms . remembering to not arouse suspicion , i waited anxiously for an attendant to help me to a room . i looked back over my shoulder to see if the two men had been following me , but there was no sign of them . sweat began to absorb into the pair of pants i was holding . suddenly a voice spoke to me . newline newline  just the pants sir ?  newline newline i nearly jumped out of my skin . newline newline  um ... yes , thank you .  newline newline the lady smirked as she walked through the hall and unlocked one of the change room doors . newline newline  it s all yours .  newline newline before entering , i quickly looked over my shoulder and saw , at the doors of the store , the man and his partner . my heart felt like it was pounding out of my chest . i hurried inside , locking the door . i breathed heavily as i knelt down and put my head to the floor . peering under the door , i could occasionally make out what looked like the shoes of one of the men , but it was hard to know for sure . i stood back up and pressed up against the back wall of the tiny change room . thoughts raced through my mind as i processed all that had happened . surely these men were after us because of the work we had been doing . somehow someone found out . i peeked under the door again and was certain i saw the shoes of the man . their words were distant , but i could make out some of it . newline newline  i told you we should ve split up , he did nt come in here .  newline newline phew , i thought . i got back up and stood silently in the change room . i looked at my watch and decided to wait at least ten minutes before leaving , despite what i had heard them say . the hands of the clock ticked slowly . my thoughts continually went back to my work . i chose this over a typical corporate software development position so i could feel proud of my work , to do something that could change society for the better . our artificial intelligence was nearing its completion , and soon we would be able to empower someone as ordinary as an average citizen with the tools and data necessary to prevent premeditated crimes . newline newline i glanced at my watch again  seven minutes had passed . i was not sure what to do , where to go , or who to speak to . leo was not only my coworker and friend , but he was my partner . just the two of us , together , working tirelessly for years . newline newline perhaps if we had finished our work earlier , we could have seen this coming . leo could still have been alive .i  ve had the perfect life so far . newline breezed through school , married the girl of my dreams , got a great job , and life is beautiful . it couldn  t be better . newline her name is lily , and she  s the most gorgeous blonde i  ve ever seen . tall , but not as tall as me , perfect skin , and a smile that  ll melt you . it  s unbelievable how utterly perfect she is . the way she styles her hair , the subtle scent of the le  verve perfume she always wears . she walks with an utmost confidence and grace , with a stride that says  i  m in charge.  newline one day we got this mirror . we set it up , and it was just a normal mirror . except when we plugged it in . it showed someone . we were told it would show who we would be with for the rest of our lives , our soul mate . newline lily looked in and saw me . i looked in and saw me . newlinei stared at the hanging rope a short distance in front of me and listened to the whispers of the crowd at my back . thief , murderer ... .traitor they called me . the intensity of their gaze was like a physical weight on my back , trying to press my face into the wooden boards i knelt on . newline newline time and time again i had watched the same civilized people turn on their friends and neighbors . but like a fool i had expected my trial to be different . that the men , women and children i had fought for my whole life would laugh in the face of the crimes levied against me .  so much for that .  i muttered . newline newline the sound of clinking plate mail silenced the crowd as sure as if they had all been made mute . of course , the sight of the king johns , better known as the iron king could do that . newline newline i swiveled my head to see a beast of a man , covered head to toe in green armor trimmed in gold , striding across the wooden platform towards me . the floorboards creaked audibly below his considerable weight . he had strong , yet unpleasant features . the highlight of which was the empty eye socket that seemed bottomless in the wrong lighting . newline newline i felt my mouth twist into a silent snarl as the figure following the king stepped out into plain view . high priest malachi appeared as he always did , his slight form almost ethereal in his robes as he glided across the stage . even with the hood covering his face i knew that he would be looking down his long nose at me , smiling in satisfaction . newline newline king johns stopped before me , his lackey at his side , and had the nerve to grace me with a brief look of pity . pity ! when every action i had taken in the previous months had been at his order . i fought the urge to spit at his feet like a common criminal . newline newline  citizens of kimeda ! ! !  the king roared , his powerful voice easily carrying .  sir darrius mikealson has been found guilty of crimes against the kingdom . and crimes against the gods themselves . you all will bear witness to his execution ! let this be an example to us all that even the best among us can fall .  with that he stepped to the side and malachi knelt in front of me . newline newline  finally .  he hissed from beneath his robes .  the great and mighty darrius , brought low and only minutes away from his own demise . for so long i labored to see this day arrive .  newline newline now i spat , straight into the darkness of his hood .  you are a stain , malachi . my only regret is that i will not be the one to rid this kingdom of your degradation .  i turned to the king .  i did what was asked of me , as i always have done .  a flash of shame crossed his face , quickly masked behind a solemn expression . newline newline standing , malachi addressed me for the crowd to hear .  darrius mikealson . you have angered the gods for the last time !  newline newline ignoring him i looked up at the cloudy , gray sky .  prove it .  i say , just loud enough to make myself heard . newline newline  blasphemy !  malachi yelled .  the gods have no need to prove their justice to any man ! guards ! hang this man before his words anger the gods who provide for us !  newline newline king johns waved away the approaching guards and picked me from the ground himself . i stayed silent as he wrapped the rope around my neck and placed me above the trap door . i felt somewhat glad for the rain that started to fall , followed by thunder high in the sky . i d always wished to die on a stormy day . now facing the crowd , i could see the expectant looks on their faces and closed my eyes at the sight . newline newline in slow motion the king stepped away and motioned to the executioner behind me . overhead lightning flashed and the storm intensified . for a brief moment , i felt weightless as the door opened under my feet . but before i could fall my world was swallowed in a split second of blinding light and intense pain . newline newline as the world went dark and quiet i thought i heard a voice .  we have use for you yet .  it whispered . and then i knew nothing at all . newline newline  newline newline i love all of you . second part is below . working on the third now even though i m outside and it s twenty degrees . while you wait there s rlexwriteswords for more . newline newline part 2  here   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments45qzegwpyoustandinshacklesbeforethekingyouhaveczzs6ku  newline newline part 3  here   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments45qzegwpyoustandinshacklesbeforethekingyouhaveczzwnp7  newline newline part 4  here   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments45qzegwpyoustandinshacklesbeforethekingyouhaved003f1y  newline newline part 5  here   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments45qzegwpyoustandinshacklesbeforethekingyouhaved006n4d we were the first wave , meant to probe the enemy s defenses . being fresh recruits , we were all eager to see action for the first time , to take to battle in service of the emperor . perhaps it was this eagerness , this desire to prove ourselves , that led to our selection in the first place . newline newline as we gathered at the staging area , the commanders gave us our final briefing .  it is simple , boys . run . run like the wind . the objective is just there on the other side .  newline newline finally , the signal was given , and we surged as one towards the enemy . for the first few meters , we encountered no resistance . we were emboldened , thinking that victory was within our grasp . newline newline we were wrong . dead wrong . newline newline as we rushed passed corner 5 , i heard an ominous sound . gears . more specifically , the engines that drove the enemy s turrets . but no one else heard it , drown in the roar of battle cries . newline newline as such , we rounded the corner , only to find thousands of barrels pointing right at us . for a moment , time froze . then , fire and lead rained down upon us , and there were screams . newline newline all around me , my fellow recruits fell to opposing gunfire . blood flooded the lane , bodies fell all around me . number 112 , who was right in front of me , virtually evaporated from the intensity of the gunfire . newline newline still , the mission must carry on . i gritted my teeth , and using a fallen corpse yet to be torn apart as a shield , i forged on . with every step , i could feel my cover eroding . newline newline after what felt like eternity , i realised my shield had being reduced to a scrap of cloth . 093  , it read . looking all around , i saw a sea of corpses , red with fresh blood , each riddled with countless bullet holes . but my gambit paid off . i was out of the turrets  range . glancing at the sky , i gave thanks to the emperor for his protection . newline newline suddenly , a loud shriek forced me to cover my ears , head ringing in pain . i looked ahead in horror , as the very fabric of reality was torn asunder by the enemy s foul sorcery . right before my eyes , a tower materialised , one vastly different from the ones i left behind . while the previous were ironwrought and splattered with blood aplenty , this one was crystalline , its colours everchanging , and it sparked with arcane energies . newline newline so this was it .  i though . very well .  newline newline  for the emperor !  i roared in defiance , and charged onwards . moments later , a bolt of azure lightning tore through my flesh . i screamed in pain , as my very soul was ripped from its mortal shell . then , i knew no more ... .i am not the least bit fond of social gatherings , particularly ones designated as a party . the whole idea that people will congregate to make meaningless small talk blows my introverted mind . now , i rarely get invited to such events because as the decades have past , people have finally figured out that i will not rsvp . ever . point blank , no question about it . thomas d worthington does not go to parties . newline newline perhaps my bitterness for people is more apparent to others than i am even aware . my own family evades me now , just as i have them for so long . i want to be sad about the situation , i truly do but those things , those feelings , just do not flourish inside of me . newline newline but today may have just been the turn around for me . at the ripe age of 83 , i finally received an invitation in my mail . i live in a small rural community out in western kansas , the colorado border just a few hours west . my closest neighbor is about five miles away and out here , the mailman makes it when he decides it necessary ... whatever that means . newline newline when i got to my mailbox , the crimson colored envelope stuck out from the usual pile of white paper i always receive . naturally , i picked the envelope up first and the writing looked awfully familiar . i stared at it long and hard , attempting to figure out whose manuscript it could be , the challenge of the whole thing incredibly annoying . you know at my age , it can be frustrating when you think you should remember something and you ca nt . i finally gave in , sliding my fingers underneath the folds that were free of tape . newline newline i begin reading , the sun beating down on me as i stand near the edge of the gravel road . newline newline dear thomas ,  newline newline it has been so very long since we have seen your face . your brother has been speaking about you more than normal and misses you dearly . as you know , he is getting very old and all he wants to do is see his younger brother one last time . if you would , please write us back and let us know what we can do to help you come out here to massachusetts .  newline newline p.s . this is a party but we think it is one you will want to be at . for once :   newline newline love ,  newline newline chad and rebecca newline newline it has been nearly twenty years since i have seen him . i , too , have thought about him often , especially as our years become limited by the second . my nephew and niece understand our bond , even if it has diminished over time . they are not too akin to having me around but for them to write this letter means my brother truly longs for my company . newline newline part of life is doing things for loved ones that you have no desire to do . that is called sacrifice and it is the greatest display of affection there is . even a grumpy old man like myself understands this . so with that concept in mind , i guess it is off to massachusetts i go . newline newline i do hope he is in fine health . his smile will make the party worth it , that much is a guaranteed . ms. cov we re excited to inform you that there s been an unexpected opening and you ve been accepted into the disney college program .  i could nt believe my ears .  you ll be working at the orlando resort as a costumer for the characters .  i m not hearing this , there was no way i would be accepted , it was such a great opportunity .  you ll be staying with us from august until the end of january .  but i did nt want to go .  you ll need to board a flight in a weeks time , we ll be in contact ms. cov ! have a wonderful day and welcome to the disney college program !  i hung up . i did nt want to leave . i did nt want to work at disney . three months ago it was everything i d hoped for and something i did nt expect to get but i was ... accepted . newline newline i could nt turn it down , but cody ... cody needed me here . he means more to me than this and i ca nt leave him , especially not now , not for 6 months . i do nt think our relationship could stand it , i m not sure he could . his father has only been gone for 2 days and he has nt made any close friends since he moved here .  oh alli how wonderful !  my mother chimed in from the doorway where she had been eavesdropping . i ve already made a new post about it on facebook ! oh god why did i sign her up for that , i mean it kept her busy with something , but now what am i going to do . there s no keeping it a secret . i assumed cody would have received a notification about the post i was tagged in and texted him immediately . newline newline i m not going , you re more important to me and you need me here . newline newline beep beep newline newline not as much as you need this internship . go , i ll be fine . we ll make it . newline newline newline more to come if you want it   newline newline newline newlinejohn had spent many years at his job . he started at the bottom , in the mail room . he was always punctual and did every task with excellence . he had earned promotion after promotion and he had reached his goal . things were looking very good in his life . newline newline juan had spent many years at his job . he started at the bottom , as an apprentice to his father . as he learned the trade it quickly became clear that he was even more talented than the one who taught him . together they built the family business until it had a small , but very faithful international following . but the political situation was not looking very good . newline newline john meditated on his projected earnings while shaking hands ... newline newline juan s hands shook as he considered the news ... newline newline  i want to congratulate you on being the youngest partner in our firm .  newline newline  i m telling you , castro has declared us a communist nation !  newline newline   i should buy a boat .  got very carried away and this is long  had to post in two parts  but i d appreciate it if anyone read and gave me pointers . made an account just to post this . newline newline part 1 newline newline he sat in a chair opposite his wife who laid unconsciously and silently in her hospital bed . the machine to his right beeped at regular intervals keeping pace with kelly s heart . he hated hospitals . to most ears it was a quiet place where people spoke in hushed tones or not at all . but to jim it was as much a forum or a plaza as it was a hospital . across the halls and in adjacent rooms he could hear wails and shouts from patients who had  some recently and some long ago  left their corporeal bodies behind in exchange for an existence you and i would simply know as ghosts  . these were not the variety of mindless beasts we sometimes think of as ghosts , nor were they the tortured souls of the damned that we so often see ghosts portrayed as . ghosts are , for lack of a better word , people like any other , their mental faculties intact , and with as much awareness and understanding as they had in life . those in the hospital were , however , either recently deceased and therefore frightened or confused or they were the lonely sort who had no where else to go after death . regardless of the reason , the ghosts in hospitals tended to make a much more cacophonous racket than in any other location and so it was for this reason that jim hated hospitals . newline newline despite jim s disdain for the place he was now in , he had come here frequently for the past two years . it was two years to this day that kelly had slipped into her coma and abandoned him in the only way possibly in a state between life and death . in the beginning he had hoped often for her to regain consciousness , but now he was excited for her death . today was that day . as per the instructions in her will the plug would be pulled and kelly would slip back into the awakened world . the doctor and the nurse in the room were already at work recording the necessary information on a clipboard and pressing a series of buttons on kelly s life support . jim stood up and grasped his wife s frail hand . the machine to his right switched abruptly from its beep beep beeping to one that was long and drawn out . at the very same moment kelly s eyes opened and began darting around the room . her mouth opened and gasped for breath . newline newline  time of death , 2:43 pm  said the doctor calmly . newline newline kelly shot up and turned her head . she locked eyes with her husband . newline newline  recorded .  said the nurse , as she scribbled the time and checked a box on a form on her clipboard . newline newline kelly was confused and setting into a panic . she stood and rushed towards jim . she had not yet found her voice and made an awful shriek in an attempt to communicate . jim could not help but smile . he looked over at the doctor and the nurse and then to his wife who was not standing over her old body , digesting the information that was presented to her . he laid a hand on what once was kelly s head , but he stared into the eyes of his wife as she stood now opposite him . newline newline  for two years you have been away from me love . now it is time to go home .  he said and then gestured with his head toward the staff still in the room . kelly stood still . she was no longer shrieking or gasping for breath  though it had not yet dawned on that she did not need to breath  and watched her husband . she waited for some moments while jim and the doctor discussed a few minor details  primarily which funeral parlor to send the body to  . the doctor and the nurse stepped out and jim followed behind . newline newline  time to go home  he said again and looked at his wife as he gestured towards the door . newline newline silently they made their way , together , to jim s car . kelly stepped awkwardly struggling to keep her feet in contact with the ground rather than in , under , or above it . finally they came to his car and jim opened the door and sat inside . kelly stood for a moment attempting to grasp the handle before jim reached across and opened the door from inside . it swung wide , passing through her body . she sat and jim reached over and shut the door . there was silence only for a passing second until they locked eyes and erupted in simultaneous laughter . his laugh was infectious . hers was a shrill laugh , unnatural and mechanical at first , but she found her voice and her laugh soon returned to the soft and timid giggle she had been known for . newline newline  i m dead.  kelly said , not so much as a question but as a revelation . newline newline  yea  jim started , though he was quickly interrupted with a flurry of questions not unexpectedly . newline newline  i m dead ? i im ... two years ? wha ? how ? and i m ... and you can see me ?  newline newline  you can see me.  she said again , as a statement this time . newline newline  yes.  newline newline  and i m dead ?  newline newline  yes.  newline newline  two years you said ?  newline newline  to the day.  jim replied . newline newline there was a silence , but jim smiled and he stared with love into his wife s eyes . newline newline  how ?  kelly asked with as much a sense of confusion as a sense of impatience . newline newline  wait ,  she added  take me home . why are we sitting here ? i want to go home.  newline newline  we ca nt just go.  jim said through a laugh . newline newline  why not ?  newline newline  you do nt know how to fly ye  newline newline  fly ?  she exclaimed . her husband had always had a way of running her down before she ever got the answers she was looking for . newline newline  you do nt exactly get along well with physics.  jim sighed .  momentum ca nt be transferred to ghosts . if i drove off now then you d still be sitting in the parking lot.  newline newline that word hung in the air .  ghosts  newline newline  i m a  kelly started , but trailed off . newline newline so jim and kelly sat together in their car and jim explained everything from the beginning . he explained how she had slipped off of a ladder while trying to repaint a side of their house . he explained her coma and recent death . she asked all the questions one might expect to ask if ever presented with such a situation and a good many more that one may never have thought to ask until presented with said situation . newline newline  does everyone come back as a ghost ?  newline newline  as far as i can tell.  newline newline  where are they all ? i do nt see any.  newline newline  parking lots are boring places for ghosts  he said . newline newline  can any other people see ghosts ?  newline newline  none that i ve ever heard of  he said . newline newline  why did nt you tell me ?  newline newline  never got around to it  he said . newline newline  teach me to fly  she said , and jim began to explain how to fly as it was explained to him by another ghost . together they drove around the parking lot , going slow at first as kelly struggled to match the pace of the car and keep herself steady in the seat without floating too far forward into the dash or too far back into the seat . some ghosts never learn to fly . others fly out of their body as if it had always been a latent talent . for kelly it took about 35 minutes . newline newline  time to go home  kelly said and together they took off towards their home . newline newline  do you know many ghosts ?  kelly asked as she floated above her seat . newline newline  very many  said jim  i only befriend a select few though.  newline newline  ghost friends  kelly marveled . she then considered her new status as  ghost wife  . newline newline  so all the ghosts of all the dead are still here earth ?  she asked . newline newline  as far as i know  he replied newline newline  and they stay here forever ?  newline newline  as far as i know  he said again . newline newline  but that s so many !  kelly exclaimed .  where did they all go and what did they do for eternity  she asked in not quite so few of words . newline newline  they re everywhere ,  jim said ,  but you wo nt see them strolling on the sidewalks for obvious reasons . some of them stay put where they died . some of them go home to watch their families live out their lives . others have unfinished business , so they always say trying to right their wrongs or set things right . but most of them live just like anyone else would . there s whole societies of ghosts out there just living it up . oh hi , honey !  newline newline  hey you , how s work ?  newline newline  oh , it s fine , you know , just another tuesday .  newline newline  cool . cool . say , could i ask you something ?  newline newline  of course , honey , i m between calls .  newline newline  okay , good , because it s kinda important and i m not sure you ll like it .  newline newline  uhm ... okay , what is it ?  newline newline  what was your exboyfriend like ?  newline newline  uh ... uhm ... well ... he was ... why ? i thought we decided not to talk about our past !  newline newline  well , yeah , i know , but it turns out he thinks i m a jackass .  newline newline  oh.. well ... yeah ... he was kinda quick to jump to judgement , but i dont ... wait ... are you okay ?  newline newline  yeah , i m fine , just be sure to pick up a bag of oats on your way home . my friend died of an overdose . it was nt really a death as such , just he flopped down next to me in the evening as a smooth skinned fourteen year old and downed the bottle so he could sleep . in the morning , he was nothing but a damp stain on the mattress . kind of more an unbirth .  newline newline newline i d heard about these side effects , but never seen them happen . ageing is a slow process , even when it s in reverse . when they started asking me for my id outside clubs and bars again i was first flattered , later worried . i d look in the mirror every night and smooth back the crow s lines by the sides of my eyes . but it was incredibly cheap , and it made me feel on top of the world . you could drink on it and not get a hangover . you could dance all night and not get tired the next day . it perked you up , made you happy and friendly . kinda whipped the fog away and made you in the bright , happy person you knew you were supposed to be . what was the point in stopping taking it ? newline newline newline newline i was old when i started . past my prime . they should nt have let me into clubs , but i hung on to my glory days with two hands , tight . and one night the pill was slipped into my hand and the world changed . i was reborn . newline newline newline it turned out just like any other drug , did nt it ? i lost my job because who employs a clearskinned eighteen year old with long legs and green eyes as a head of management ? my income dried up . my landlord terminated my lease and told me to go back home to my parents . both my parents had been in the ground for many years . i was fifty years old and i could twist men round my fingers again . newline newline newline it is glorious to be young . newline newline newline you ca nt stop taking it . newline newline newline the day he died i woke up , lounging on a greying mattress . squatting was nt glamorous , but at night i could be anyone i wanted . i lit up and inhaled slowly , trying not to think about the fact that after tonight i d have to ask someone else to buy my fags for me . i kept a shard of mirror under the pillow . funny how vanity stays with you even when you re brought this low . i did nt want to look in it . i had the physical appearance of a sixteen year old  my gangly limbs folding around me like a young foal s . my skin would still be clear , despite the horrendous amounts of cigarettes i smoked and what i drank every night . he was asleep next to me , a fifteen year old curled around the filthy blanket like a teddy bear . muscles ran under his smooth skin . he d stopped having to shave his face three weeks ago . soon even his leg hair would drop out . newline newline newline  hey , yan . wake up .  i stubbed the cigarette out on the concrete floor and sighed . luckily for both of us , there were plenty of people willing to pay for experienced adults with the bodies of quasichildren . newline newline newline he yawned and turned over , wide eyes blinking themselves awake . newline newline newline i ll never forget those eyes . you ca nt bury a wankstain . newline newline newline i m in a children s home now . i m writing this with crayons on paper . my hands ca nt get the letters right and it s frustrating . my legs swing above the ground on this pink chair . one of the sisters have tied my hair back in pigtails . i think it s shepherd s pie and carrots for dinner . i wish i could reach the stove , because i do nt like either of those . newline newline newline i could nt stop . newline newline newline i could nt stop . newline newline newline as soon as i m old enough i ll start again . newline newline newline if only to be young again .as they drifted through the debris field , atmosphere leaking through the cracked hull but life support holding on , xim knew the victory was hollow . the braxton fleet ruined though it may be , the ragnok race would never learn from their mistake . they could nt . that ability simply was nt in their dna . xim looked at the ticker tape printing from the dashboard , and hooked his talon around the swiggler . there was no point in trying to reclaim the scorched planet , was there ? somewhere there has to be a better place , a place without braxtons . let those mangy apes have this rock . the ragnok deserved better . xim swiggled the nose towards yutta , and lead the dinosaurs to a new home . newline newline  corrected autocorrect typo alexandria , if you don  t get out of bed in ten minutes , i  m leaving you today.  newline newline it  s my mom . always dramatic . i know she  s already tried a few times because she pulled out the nuclear option  the full name . as if ten more minutes has ever made the difference between anything important in my existence . i pinch my eyes harder against the light , but it  s no use . if i go back to sleep she probably will leave me . newline newline i manage to open my eyes and i don  t see anyone there ... which is weird . i don  t even see lexi . newline newline which i should mention ... lexi is my imaginary friend . i know i know ... high school , imaginary friends , the whole thing  you  ll just have to trust me when i say i  m a normal person with normal friends and a normal life  not some weirdo that eats alone in like the gymmatt room or something ... gross . newline newline anyways , lexi isn  t there , and that  s strange because lexi is always there when i wake up . we usually talk about my dreams  she sees them too obviously . newline newline up , semidressed and down the stairs , i  m still rubbing sleep out of my eyes and then i see it  lexi is at the table . lexi is shoveling cereal into her mouth . lexi is wearing my favorite cardigan and ... yup , talking to my mom . newline newline  i don  t know ,  she  s saying ,  there  s a test in trig but mr brooker is a pushover . he  ll feed us the answers.  i  m fucked up about this for so many reasons  what she  s saying about brooker is true , the test is real , and i really had been stressing about it since yesterday , and that  s the outfit that i had picked out to wear . also imaginary friends don  t eat , and they don  t talk to your parents ... i mean ideally . newline newline  um ...  i say loudly , and nobody looks over .   um !   and my mom still doesn  t look over . newline newline but lexi does . she looks at me . she sees me  i know she fucking does . then she just looks back at my mom and keeps talking about the test . newline newline   ugh !   i say , really high pitched and offended . newline newline and i stomp into the kitchen . i go to push the cereal bowl off the table onto lexi in hermy cardi but it doesn  t move . mom  s still not looking at me , and i guess she might not be ignoring me . the bowl ... the clothes ... it dawns on me . i am lexi . i mean  i  m alex , but i  m lexi  s alex now , i  m ... ugh let me start over . i am the imaginary friend now . newline newline i  m realizing this , but then the  re getting up to go . they can  t go ! i  m still trying to figure this out ! mom looks at her watch .  shit , load up girl ,  and they  re going for the door , mom swiping her keys up off the counter , and lexi giggling and being playful about being late . they  re smiling at each other . that bitch . newline newline i  m chasing after them , and lexi is closing the door to mom  s car .  lexi , what the fuck is this ? you get out of that car and fix this . you can  t just   but she closes the door . i go for the handle but i can  t move it ... i can feel it , but i can  t manipulate it . i don  t understand , but i also don  t have time to figure it out because mom  s starting the car .  wait !  i say , banging on the window , but there  s no thud sound and the car is moving . so i panic . i jump on the back . newline newline down the road , no big deal . out of the neighborhood , and my hearts beating faster because i know the route . aaaand yup , turning onto the highway now . fuck fuck fuck fuck ! newline newline on the single sliver of bright side , i suspect i might not die if i fall off . i hold on for dear life anyways , being cautious you know , and i start to focus on anything but the pavement racing by so i look through the back window and there  s lexi , staring at me . now waving at me . that bitch . newline newline we  re at the school and i tumble off the back . i hit the ground but it doesn  t hurt . probably would have survived the highway . lexi is bounding out though , bubbly , happy , and my mom is saying bye to her . the car leaves , lexy is heading in school and i  m there on the ground like an idiot . i  m still in halfway nightclothes and there  s this moment of panic as i realize all my friends are going to see me all unkempt like this but nobody is staring . fuck  i really am not here . newline newline  lexi , wait  get back here !  stumbling up to my feet , following her in , and the warning bell is ringing . five minutes to class . i go inside and lexi is standing with my friends telling my story of my mom  s ridiculous yelling this morning . newline newline they  re heading to class now , and i follow her in but i don  t know what i was expecting . nobody sees me . the second bell rings and the class starts . i try again , getting in front of the teacher and saying  excuse me !  and waving my arms around , but she just keeps on teaching . on my way out , i look back at lexi and she looks at me and i shake my head at her and that bitch waves at me again . newline newline   ugh !   newline newline i say , and storm out again . down the hall , out the door , into the bathroom and i  m fuming , close to tears i guess , and then i realize i don  t see myself in the mirror and i do finally lose it . is this it ? is this my life now ? am i a ghost or something . i  m crying , and some girl comes out of the stall and i  m almost embarrassed but then she says .  what  s wrong ?  newline newline i turn to her .  you can see me ?  newline newline  sure i can ,  she said , smiling . she  s kindof weird ... dorky . i think i might recognize her but then she does look sort of fundamentally unmemorable . it  s a big school , i mean i  m not a snoot or anything but , well shit i don  t go out of my way to meet everyone . newline newline anyways , so i sort of remember this girl , but not well enough to tell her the whole shiny truth . i think that maybe ... i don  t know  me and lexi aren  t friends anymore apparently ! if this girl can see me , and wants to be my friend ... then i think i  m her imaginary friend now . newline newline then i remember , the last thing i said last night to lexi was i didn  t wan na take this math test . i was complaining , and i remember mumbling to her as i fell asleep :   i wish i could be you tomorrow and you could take this test.   and that bitch took advantage to whatever loophole imaginary friends have access to and screwed me on this whole thing . newline newline i remember this , and it  s a very opportune time ... because i may be able to play this . newline newline  listen ,  i say to the girl in the bathroom ,  i  m you  re imaginary friend ,  and she  s nodding like she knows it .  do you want to be like me ?  newline newline  i guess so ,  she says , and i giver her a look like i need more than that !  and she  s saying ,  yeah sure , you  re pretty , popular , everything i  d sort of like to be  friends and all that ,  and my gooood she  s grinning at me so goofily . newline newline  aaaaand ,  i say , and i can tell she  s confused . newline newline  yeah , okay , i wish i was more like you.  and i  m waving my hands like give me more !  and she says , kindof offended like she feels forced into it ,  i wish i was you !  newline newline nice ! i look at the mirror  fuck yeah ! i  m therein the mirror !  that other girl isn  t anymore , but what can you do right ? newline newline i run out , bust into lexi  s classroom and they  re all staring at me like  literally wut is this girl in her pjs ...  and i  m like  lexi . literally what the actual fuck . you  re being such a bitch.  and everyone  s looking from lexi to me to lexi to me , and she  s looking around , and then finally she speaks : newline newline   ugh !   newline newlinetrembling , i try to open the door . the silver knob remains stiff i m locked in . a shooting pain surges through my skull . why ca nt i remember anything ? i do nt know who i am , or why i m here . i feel panicked , i need to get out . i check the window , but it does nt open and there s metal bars on the outside even if i could break the glass . i look outside , and feel sick to my stomach . it looks like a bomb went off . shrapnel and debris everywhere . there are people outside but they re covered in blood , some limping , some missing limbs . i turn my head away from the scene when i catch a glimpse what appears to be a man with a severely broken neck . but there is no sign of panic , everyone is just calmly going about their business like a normal day . even the man with the broken neck seems to be content chatting with an armless woman , with his head hanging to the side . newline i bang on the door , screaming for help . i do nt know what else to do . afraid i ve found myself in a zombie apocalypse , i know i ca nt stay here , but i m not particularly sure how to escape . i hear the sound of keys , and i back away from the door , with nothing to grab as a weapon . newline the door opens , and i see the half mangled face of a man wearing a blood stained white uniform . newline  calm down , mr. avery . everything is fine .  he looks at me with empty eyes . with all of my strength , i kick him with a forceful blow to the abdomen and try to escape past him . two other zombies catch me in the hallway and pin me up against the wall , one of them injecting me with some toxin . i can feel it enter my bloodstream , and i try my best to stay conscious and fight but i quickly become weak and my vision fades out . newline i wake up in the same bed , in the same room , but everything seems different . everything is fine . did i dream it ? the bruises on my arms tell me i did nt . jesus , what s going on ? i look to the left and i m startled by the man in the white uniform sitting beside my bed watching me . newline  feeling better , mr . avery ?  he taps his pen against his clipboard a few times .  do you remember what happened this morning ?  newline  you ... you were a zombie . thethere was blood .  my voice trailed off . newline  none of that was real . you have brain damage , mr. avery , and we re doing our best to treat you . you have been suffering from psychotic episodes where you seem to believe some kind of disaster has happened . we have you on medication , but it seems we need to increase your dosage for your own safety .  newline  but why ca nt i remember anything ?  newline  we re still trying to figure out where the memory loss comes from , we think it may part of the brain damage , or a side effect of the medications but we have nt had anyone react like this to it before .  newline i do nt know how to say it , but it feels like there s something we re both missing . newline  doctor ,  i mutter while he was jotting down notes .  i have this strange feeling . i do nt think we re safe here .  the words started falling out of my mouth like i knew something , but i did nt .  we have to get everyone out of here .  newline  it s okay , mr. avery . just keep reminding yourself , none of it was real .  the moment the word real  leaves his mouth , a huge explosion shakes the building .100 ad rome , in the city of italica . newline newline the emperor is trajan , the soldieremperor who would lead the empire to the greatest territorial conquest it had ever attained , and would never attain again . newline newline italica is full of soldiers , namely veterans , who have little to do but watch theatrical performances or lop eachothers heads off in the colosseum . newline newline  newline newline newline balbinus was a scruffy lad who d been found with his hands in rather too many pockets rather too many times . he was nt much to look at , stunted in height with an oversized head and limbs thin and gangly like dried branches . newline newline he could slip between the bars of his cell actually , but it was pointless since a shackled door prevented him from running away regardless . newline newline balbinus was doomed to die . newline newline he tried lifting up one of the swords in the corner , realizing it weighed more than him . the spears were nt much better . apparently , these gladiators were nt much fond of daggers , which made sense , because when fighting off lions and bears , they may as well have been waving a banana . newline newline balbinus had something in common with bananas . newline like a banana , he too was doomed to be eaten . newline by a lion . newline newline he d had a look at the beast , they d forced him to look at it . 500 pounds of thick fur that could turn away a spear , drool that could melt the skin , jaws that could collapse and grind a rib cage , claws that could sever an arm from its socket . newline newline the lion had rolled over playfully , his tongue lolling out at it batted around a human skull in the same way a kitten would bat around a ball of string . they called him caesar . newline newline balbinus wondered briefly if he could convince the fat lion to play with him instead of immediately devouring him , and slip the dagger in when it was nt looking . newline newline sighing , balbinus realized it was his only chance , he would have to make the gamble . he looked round for the standard netting gladiators used to trap beasts , and he proceeded to cut it up into a long rope . newline newline would it work ? zeus willing . newline newline when balbinus finally rolled up the rope into a giant ball of string he realized that the warden might never let him roll it out to the stage . more likely he would whip the boy and then send him out empty handed . newline newline balbinus imagined the ridiculous scenario , a ravenous beast chasing a giant ball of string , rolling round and round ... struggling to keep up with it under the hot sun . it was stupid . newline newline struggling to keep up with it under the hot sun . newline newline balbinus rolled round in his sleep . the warden came round in the middle of the night and gave him a sound whipping , finally tying him to the corner so he would nt slip the bars again . newline newline the warden never occasioned to look at the odd contraptions round the boys feet . newline newline a few hundred had gathered for the days games , in the first game , a young thief would struggle to fight off the great caesar . odds were 1 to 500 against . a special guest was in the audience . newline newline balbinus tried to ignore the audience . as he moved out of the gate and into the wellpaved arena , they jeered at him . the sweltering heat pressed down upon him immediately , and he thanked the gods fervently for the heat . newline newline someone shouted something , but balbinus had gone all but deaf now , and the gate just opposite opened . caesar strolled out quietly , gently , sticking up its nose and taking in the odor of the sweating audience , the blood of previous battles . 500 lbs of rippling muscles , caesar made his way still slowly towards balbinus , mouth hanging open letting a waterfall of saliva flow freely . the lion knew his prey had nowhere to run , still , the proud beast would put on a show . newline newline something very strange happened next , baffling the crowd . at first balbinus was completely still , as if fear had overtaken his body and he could not move , but in the next moment he began to slide . newline newline there was a hush , as they saw balbinus simply slide several feet across the ground , as if it were simply ice , or as if he were wearing the winged boots of hermes . yes indeed , the clever thief balbinus had screwed wheels into his shoes and was now trying very hard not to crash . newline newline caesar stamped his paws , stopped drooling for a moment and turned his head , his ears perking up . this confused him . he did not like being confused , and so he charged . newline newline now lions are horrifically quick , and caesar was no exception . they are all about the sprint , the dash , the quick strike of death . but you will not find any lions going about for a casual jog , and you would understand if you decided to go about jogging in a heavy fur coat at the height of summer . newline newline caesar was also a cat that had lived most his life in a cell , not wandering about , and never had to chase his prey . most of his food came in a bowl anyway . newline newline but caesar was much , much faster than balbinus on wheels . at forty miles per hour he could have easily caught him . newline newline but balbinus was wheeling around like a drunkard , unable to keep a straight line . the lion plummeted straight through , missing balbinus narrowly as he swayed , and nearly knocked himself out against the wall . newline newline the audience was beginning to catch on . they began to laugh and cheer for the spry thief . newline newline caesar found his paws again , shook his head , and set out on another headlong charge . balbinus lurched accidentally , just in time to evade the lunge . this time the lion lost a tooth and his nose was bleeding . newline newline thoroughly enraged the cat pursued balbinus , who was ducking , weaving , and worried that one of the wheels was coming loose  until the fat beast could no longer move . newline newline caesar had been defeated , not by the little human , but by the blistering sun . he curled up into a little ball , paws covering its face , and went to sleep . newline  newline newline italica is also hometown of emperor trajan , and he visited quite often . that day he thought he d enjoy his breakfast more if he had something to watch . he wondered what was on ... newline newline he was disappointed to discover that they were just feeding old caesar again . newline newline he did nt pay much attention as he chewed on his olives and swigged away at his wine jug , instead he turned his thoughts to trying the solve the problems that came along with world conquest . newline newline war , he knew very well , was won by the meek . he needed some new strategem , some tactic to throw off his enemies , a clever new weapon or device in order to expand the roman s empire . newline newline he nearly choked on an olive pit when he happened to notice the little thief sliding across the ground . fortunately , he also began to laugh while he was choking which forced the pit back out again , where it flew into the ear of a nearby merchant . newline  newline newline hardened warriors wet their pants at the sight , woman swooned , crying babies shut the hell up . the roman armies , lead by the soldiergeneral trajan , were the most fearsome force in the world . he would lead the empire to the height of territorial conquest . newline newline a wave of a thousand men rolled out onto the battlefield , skating rapidly towards their enemies . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline not again ,  i cringed as the seemingly neglected word prompt exploded when i hit the refresh key . i had spent hours , precious hours crafting my masterpiece and for what ? to get second comment ? i wanted to throw my phone at the wall . hemingway himself could nt contend with this curse . everyone knows the top comment is like a pissladen sponge  it soaks up all the gold . newline newline i submitted it anyway . why not , i d worked hard on it . it was nt like i was trying to poach upvotes or seduce subscribers , at least not too much . i wanted people to marvel over my work . i wanted to feel their excitement as i read their comments . i laid my phone on the nightstand and plopped my head down on the pillow . newline newline one more time . i needed to be sure . i snapped open the app . still nothing . i turned off the screen and rolled over . newline newline  newline newline morning came early . i reached over , scratching my hand around my nightstand . where was it ? i pried an eye open . no phone . a rush of panic surged and i plunged my arm beside the bed . that s when i heard it . the sweet , addicting buzz of silent mode and an awaiting message . newline newline and then another ... newline newline and then another ... newline newline  what the ...  , i located the phone before it walked its way under my bed . the vibrations were coming almost simultaneously . the phone was practically having a seizure in my hand . i slid my finger across and the screen erupted in a continuous line of blue titled comments . i scrolled and i scrolled and i scrolled . there were hundreds , no , thousands ! newline newline i jumped as a knock banged at my door . i scanned the room and could see shadows racing across my closed window blinds . red lights , flashing pops . something was definitely going on out there . newline newline the knock sounded again ,  hello  the muffled voice said ,  we d like to speak to you about your writing .  newline newline my writing ? this had to be a joke . no one could possibly want to talk about my writing . even my own family treated it as if i had a disease . they never mentioned it and when i brought it up , they squirmed in their seats . newline newline  just a minute ,  i said as the pounding continued . i threw on some pants and tried to brush through my mop of a head . i grasped the handle and the door almost crushed me . several people fell over the threshold . fuzzy microphones and white lights flooded in . others stepped over those that had fallen and clamored to get to me . newline newline  i m with usa today ,  one woman blurted out , shoving her microphone in my face ,  we re so excited that you ve decided to give us the first exclusive interview .  newline newline  interview ?  i was stunned . the messages , the media . this was my big break . my chest swelled with pride . newline newline  tell us about your latest rwritingprompt sensation !  another called out through the din . i grabbed the microphone . everyone would know my name . newline newline  i m mrgoodread and if i wrote it , you can bet it s a good read !  newline newline the crowd fell silent . the cameras stopped . the reporters faces deflated . a lone cricket hummed away in the front yard . newline newline  mrgoodread ?  newline newline  yes ,  i said with a huge smile . newline newline  we were looking for lunalovewell .  newline newline  newline newline shout out to ulunalovewell . love your work luna ! newline newline enjoy the story ? subscribe to rmrgoodreadwhat am i gon na say ?  newline newline jeff staggered up the stairs , one at a time , weight resting on the support beam between steps . he continued upward , slowly , despite the voice telling him to go back . he needed to see the woman he loved , the woman he cheated on . newline newline what would she say ?  newline newline would she slap him ? punch him ? laugh at him , drunken and fat ? call for her new boyfriend ? newline newline before he realized it , jeff stood in front of , or rather leaned on , the familiar door . even through the door he could smell her . he raised a weak fist and tapped the door twice . newline newline it opened . newline newline god , she s beautiful . why am i here ?  newline newline black hair , silky and long , a blue summer dress , no shoes . newline newline her eyes , so ... intense , stared at him . jeff looked down , waiting for her to speak . after she said nothing , he looked back up . newline newline she was staring at his exposed wrists , face stoic at the sight of scars . her eyes slowly moved from scarred wrist to dirty clothing . they finally moved back to his face , full of something . pity ? contempt ? love ?  newline newline  i ve been waiting for you .  she barely spoke , but the words rang in his ears . newline newline jeff looked down for long moment . he opened his mouth to speak , but did nt say anything . what am i gon na say ?  he stepped forward , legs trembling . falling to his knees , he grabbed out and took a handful of her dress , pulling it to keep his balance . he tried to stop himself , but he was sobbing . he buried his face in her dress . newline newline he felt the warm touch of her hand on his back . newline newline newlinein the army , the shave your head . they have ranks and tests and battles . they do nt need the burden of blonde , do nt show do nt tell . you see , if you are in the trenches and the guy next to you is blond ? you re going to lose all respect for his ability to shoot a gun . newline newline if you have someone with black hair , how do you know they wo nt betray you to the enemy , knowing it is better to survive ? blondes go to war , blacks come home . newline newline so the army started shaving heads , refusing to let their soldiers go to war with that knowledge . no one admitted if they were light , or dark , or brown . they just put on the uniform , shaved their head , and went to die for an idea . newline newline you could tell what war did to people , if they let their hair grow out . sometimes they would enter the service with surfer streaks only to return darker than satan s ball sac . it really showed you the sort of world they lived in , out there in hell s north . newline newline what surprised me the most was when my daughter came home with her hair shaved . she was nt army , she was nt even dumb . she just looked at me and said ,  i am done .  newline newline i really wanted her to have a different life . but i knew she saw me in the bathroom , shaving away the cornhusk white from my own scalp . i d let people die . i d hidden it away . people thanked me for my service , they did nt see my mistakes . i did nt want my daughter to , either . newline newline but she had . and she understood . newline newline i had tried to ignore the growing grey around her face . when she told me about the abortion i did nt comment . i knew she regretted it , even at sixteen , because her hair dropped down three colors . newline newline i was nt sure how she would feel , tomorrow morning , when she did nt have the veil to hide herself away . she must have felt like i did , when we buried her mother , how i wished i could see the white growing from my scalp . i wanted other people to see , to question , to blame me . but i still kept my head shaved . newline newline i felt that i would have gained another blonde lock in that moment . i was stupid to think the wars ended the moment i took off the fatigues .welcome back .  newline newline i slowly opened my eyes , letting them adjust to the bright sunlight pouring in from the window . i squinted for a second , then looked around the room . i realised that i was in a hospital bed , in the intensive care unit . and i had no idea why . newline newline wait , what did he mean welcome back  ? when a guy wakes up on a hospital bed , is nt it more usual to say , oh , i see you are up , champ . gim me five !  or something ? okay , i would nt know , because i have never really been in a situation like this before . newline newline what do you mean by welcome back  , doc ?  , i asked him . newline newline oh yes , you do nt know . this may come as a shock ... well , i am quite sure that it will come as a shock , but ... you died , son .  newline newline i did nt quite get what he had just said . if i had died , where in the world was i wait a second . oh , now i remember . that breakthrough a few months back . but , did that mean that i had really died ? and here comes the shock . newline newline i just lay there for the next few minutes . i could nt believe that i had died . newline newline how did it happen ?  , i asked the doctor . he gave me the newspaper that he had in his hands . newline newline a car accident ? talk about a clichd way to go . well , what now ?  newline newline you tell me . you turned eighteen last week . you make your own decisions . do you want to be present at your own funeral and walk into your grave yourself or you just want go now and let your family take care if everything. ?  newline newline i thought about it for a while . i do nt know how much time it was . i must have laid there for a while . then i arrived at my conclusion . newline newline tell my family i said goodbye . this is literally my first post on reddit , so please be kind to me ! : p but here s my wee story : newline newline having spent several decades experimenting with , and perfecting , the art of printing , daniel could happily call himself a professional . originally starting out as a mistake , printing was a topic that daniel was extremely wellversed in . newline newline the concept behind printing was fairly simple . it basically involved putting hidden messages into things . these hidden messages could be in the shape and form of anything . from a paragraph in a book , to some graffiti on a wall , printing was not something to be messed around with . given time , and a lot of experience , printers could practically control people . that , alongside the fact that it had been made illegal , was the reason why most people had nt even heard of printing , and why even fewer used it . newline newline daniel , being one of the first to discover printing , naturally wanted to teach the world about its wonders . he did nt care if it was illegal , he had to teach people about it . it was a gift that anyone could utilise , and daniel did nt want his discoveries to go to waste . hence , he set up a school  for people who wanted to become printers . of course , he could nt simply advertise his school , so he had to rely on a trick that he was well accustomed with . a large group of messages , spread throughout the streets of glasgow , allowed the people it affected to become aware of his school . newline newline surprisingly , it worked . out of the thousands of people that live in glasgow , only a 165 were fully affected by the printing . of that group , 6 sought out daniel . it was those 6 people that daniel decided to teach . newline newline originally , it had been a group of 5 that daniel was teaching . all 5 of them had a clear talent , with some excelling where others could nt . some had to rely on prose , or poetry , to print on people . others relied on music , and 1 person even relied on body language . daniel was proud to call them his students , but when the 6th person arrived , everything changed . newline newline the 6th member , was in a completely different league from the others . she could flawlessly print , even on the other students . one of the things that daniel made sure to teach his students was to recognise when they were being printed on , but none of the students could detect when the 6th was printing on them . amanda , the 6th member had talent . pure , natural talent . newline newline it was during a study session , that the event happened . daniel had been helping the group practice with their various forms of printing , when amanda had dropped a piece of paper . nothing out of the ordinary . amanda simply bent down , and picked up the piece of paper . yet again , nothing out of the ordinary . then , she passed it to another member of the group , before letting out a small giggle . the other student gave a small chuckle , before passing it to the person beside them . newline newline this continued , daniel noticed , for about a minute , before he grew tired of it , and made a grab for . ripping the sheet of paper from the student s hands , he glanced down at it , to see answers from a question paper . nothing out of the ordinary . newline newline  i fail to see how answers to a question paper are remotely funny ,  daniel said dryly .  get back to work ,  he ordered . much to his surprise , his students started laughing at him . with a scowl starting to develop on his face , he surveyed his laughing students . amanda was laughing the loudest , with the student to her right coming a close second . through that fact alone , daniel guessed that either amanda or her friend was playing a prank on him . newline newline suddenly , amanda stopped laughing , and snapped her fingers , before pointing to the paper that daniel was still holding . glancing down , daniel noticed the words on the page were slowly warping , becoming a shape . eventually , the words on the paper turned into the image of a person yawning . upon seeing this , daniel involuntarily let out a yawn . then , amanda started laughing , and daniel suddenly understood what had happened . newline newline daniel let out a chuckle of his own , before gaining a smirk . a doublelayered print ? occasionally , even daniel would struggle to produce a print as detailed as this was one . still smirking , daniel looked straight at amanda , before muttering a single a word under his breath . newline newline  impressive .  newline newline newlinei liked the alternation between the past and present which kept the story interesting to read . i also liked how you tied in the flashbacks into the present at the end of the story . the only issues i had were in trying to figure out how exactly his past lead to his present , which is kind of a large part of it . as a result , i felt the story kind of lacked cohesiveness . newline newline anyway , if in doubt just blame the word limit . i thought it was otherwise really well done , and i quite enjoyed reading this piece , and hope to read more from you .there was a short pause as the man considered , the universe floating around him as he contemplated . newline  you want me to go back out there ,  he said , gesturing to the everythingandnothing that was just barely contained by the few inches of glass ,  you want me to go back . kill like i once did in my youth , and wipe them ? again ? after i planted the colony , birthed their race and then left ? i had hoped you all would foster peace .  newline newline the other man , a younger , more lithe man , shrugged , and opened his mouth , but the other one put up a single finger , and he stopped . newline newline  sometimes , i think it s not worth this shuttlingaround you do with me . am i really so valuable ?  newline the old man stood , and stretched his arms , while he looked out onto the infinite vastness that was the universe . newline newline  but i suppose that i m the only one . i ll just have to do it .  newline newline the general nodded to ender . newline  then i ll put the uniform back on ,  ender wiggin said ,  and do it again . nobody else can .  newlinerossian stared at the clock , it was glowing . it had been glowing all night . it had been another sleepless night and he liked to look at his glow in the dark clock , liked to hear the ticking noise it made , barely audible during the day , but now it seemed to come to life . it was like it was trying to tell him something , but what it was he could not understand . occasionally he glanced outside the window on the wall beside his bed , like he was expecting something to happen and worried that he might miss it . it was a starlit and moonless night , not a cloud in the sky and a gentle summer breeze hung in the air . it had only been a week , but already he missed home . newline newline they had discovered life on other planets before , seen some strange and disturbing things , but nothing could have prepared them for this news . in galaxy9025a , on planet1023 their scouts had reported that they had found life , and not just any life form . the dominant species on this planet were biologically indistinguishable from them . this discovery had caused a lot of buzz , and after debating and pondering over the matter for quite a lengthy period of time , the council had decided that if they were just as powerful and intelligent as them , they were a potential threat and needed to be eliminated . there was some members in the council who had questioned whether elimination was really necessary , but all agreed that first they needed to find out as much about these  creatures  as they could . newline newline  remember the first thing you need to buy is a clock . we have come to the conclusion that these creatures , humans they call themselves , are obsessed with time . your task is to blend in and find as much as you can about them . though the task may look easy , given the circumstances , i assure you it is not . to blend in , you must always appear to be busy , always appear to be in a rush to get somewhere . also under no circumstance should you appear content and happy , you should always worry about something or the other , we suggest something like the future , it seems to be quite a popular topic among them , and most importantly you must pretend to believe that your life has a meaning.  this was too much even for rossian and at this point he had protested that surely an entire society can not be under such a ludicrous delusion ? without looking up from his notes , the commanding officer had continued ,  we have been observing them for quite some time , and this is what we think.  with a puzzled and slightly amused look on his face he continued  another peculiar thing that you should know is that these humans never ever give up hope.  he paused a while letting his words sink in.  however bad the situation may be , for want of a better word however  hopeless  the situation may be , they always have hope.  some of the officers burst out laughing , rossian himself had to bite his lips hard to suppress a smile . unperturbed , the commanding officer continued ,  this is the part that puzzles us the most . either they are incredibly stupid and delusional or they know some secret that we do not . this also you must find out.  newline newline the mission had proved harder than he had thought , the commanding officer had been right . so far he had made no progress , except for buying the clock . that part had been easy . it felt weird to look at someone , who seems to belong to the same species as you did , but to have no clue what was going on in their mind , if they even had one . sometimes he got the feeling that even these humans did not understand each other , and as for what motivated them to live he had no clue . this hope thing was freaking the hell out of him . he had read in newspapers about the wars that were waging on in some parts of this world , and the conditions and the hardships of the people living there . in some poor countries , people were born on the streets and died on the streets , never having enough to eat , never having enough clothes and no shelter to protect them from the cold , heat or rain . what the hell did they live for , he wondered and shuddered at even the thought of such an existence . then there was this thing called love that he kept hearing about . it was the most irrational thing he had ever heard in his entire life . newline he wondered if he was the right person for this job and for a moment considered the possibility of going back empty handed , with more questions than answers . but he was rossian , and if there was one thing that could be said of him it was that he never gave up , not unless he was satisfied that the situation was hopeless . he just would have to try harder . but he was exhausted now , and badly needed to get some sleep . he closed his eyes in yet another attempt to fall asleep .everything i have done , i have done for my family . i have one biological child , but i am the single father of 8 . all i want is a better life for my kids , and everyone knows that broken homes mess people up . so i keep trying to bring a new woman into my home . but her ex is a control freak who never lets her more than ten feet out of his sight without breaking more than a few bricks . i get this real princess into my spacious castle , one of eight castles i own , and the next thing i know , this hooligan is vandalizing my property , assaulting my security and minimum wage workers , and beating my kids . now i  m not an angry sort , but let  s just say there are times i  m happy i installed that basement lava pit . where am i ?  newline newline   you re in paradise kid  welcome to the club . you took a fall on some black ice and slid right in front of the lightrail . ouch .   newline newline  well what do people even do here ? there s a whole hell of a lot of clouds and its super bright , but there s nothing to do . i do nt wan na spend my eternity in paradise sitting around . i thought heaven was supposed to be awesome ?  newline newline   oh it s pretty awesome . it s just that heaven is nt much of anything specific , it s a blank slate .   newline newline  a blank slate ?  newline newline   that s right kid . heaven is what you make it , kind of like life . deep huh ?   newline newline  so what kinds of stuff do people do here ?  newline newline   it s different for everybody , but i ve been around for awhile so i suppose i can key you in on some of the stuff most people do .  newline newline well first off you ll want to get some good parties in . if that dorky hat and your poor job shaving are any indicators , then i m guessing you did nt get laid much in life . well congrats man , that can all change here . remember cindy loo whoeverthefuck who you always wanted to bang in highschool ? well poof . snap your fingers and she s right here for ya . if you want to be a rockstar , go for it . if you want to get down with cleopatra , you totally can . heaven is what you make it , and most people like you are gon na make it a huge kegger for the first decade or so . but that gets old pretty fast .  newline newline my next suggestion would be to read . there s a whole lot of books out there . any book you ever wanted to read , or any book you would have wanted to be written , they re right there for you . a lot of people can spend a couple hundred years on this if it s up their alley . but eventually you read everything there is to be written .  newline newline some people also enjoy living out famous people s lives . ever thought it would be cool to be lebron james ? well it fucking is . you should try it .  newline newline but even that gets boring at times . you can get with as many girls , or guys , as you want , you can play as many sold out concerts as you want , and you can kill as many lions in a colosseum as you want , but it starts to get old after awhile . eternity is a long time .  newline newline eventually you ll be ready to move on .   newline newline  move on ?  newline newline   oh ... just forget i said anything . it s at least a couple thousand years of partying and good times down the line .   newline newline  well now i m curious . just tell me .  newline newline   well eventually you ll get sick of it all . you ll do every single thing that there is to be done . but what then ?   newline newline  yeah seriously , what then ?  newline newline   sometimes you just want to take a long nap . i ve been doing this whole god thing  for awhile , but who really knows what s next . if you figure it out , make sure to let me know .   newline you re being too hard on yourself . there s plenty of girls out there who would be , and are attracted to you . you just have to believe in yourself first .  kylie said . newline newline  i do nt know .  tom said . his eyes shyed away like they always do . newline newline kylie pushed at his elbow .  come on .  newline newline his body weakly rocked as he peeked up . newline newline  pretend , i m a girl you like ,  she took a seat next to him on the park bench .  give me your best line . really dig down deep .  her pupils dilated welcoming any advance . newline newline tom made eye contact for what seemed like the first time . newline newline her lips parted . newline newline he inhaled . newline newline she breathed out softly . newline newline  boy , it s a joyous day outside !  tom said . newline newline her eyebrows nearly met in the middle .  that s ...  she nodded her head the right amount .  that s good .  her teeth never parted . newline newline newlineour watchcaptain had called for sights of land an hour ago , and as i now breached the hangar and into the fresh of air , i was hit by a disgusting stench . all around me my crew mates had gas masks , shirt tails , any thing to block the smell . i too pulled up mine , and checked my ristratch for the current radiation levels . newline newline  bless the threearmed queen , radcliffe look , radiation is through the charts here !  i cried , and soon my right hand man was at my left . newline newline radcliffe was certainly as astonished as i was at these records levels , but we decided to press on , the world needed to know what became of this once great nation . and so at landfall radcliffe , a hired gun , and i departed the ship and walked across the perilous ruins of the eastern seaboard . newline newline journals in hand , radcliffe and i took all afternoon documenting , billing , declaring , and constituting all information we could about this new world . buildings had crumbled , roads were halfway to being just piles of gravel  though radcliffe told me they were always like that  . there was some life , much to our joy , neon green plants had exploded out of the ground , with metre high tendrils . a few hours in , a rodent , with a tint of violet in it s fur , skittered across a vacant lawn . i slammed the button on my ristratch in time , and the poor creature brought up high radiation and a 76  mutation . we spent a good time documenting that , actual mammal life ! newline newline the day was thinning , and determined to get back before night , we were just turning back when the most extraordinary sight befell us . we stood on a battered sidewalk , and in a diagonal line across the road , was a creature of our high . it appeaered full and bulbous , bipedal , and staggering . it s skin was a sickly pale white , and tufts of grey hour sprouted everywhere . newline newline  radcliffe , by the queen , what is that thing ?  newline newline i thought i had whispered , but the creature turned and bore it s grotesque face . drooping guys , a wide mouth with crooked teeth . it did nt look unlike a human size version of the rodent before ! it s back was hunched , and upon my whispering , it shouted a garbled language i could only get fragments of . newline newline  gitaaaaht oo aleeens  newline newline we were terrified , i turned to the hired gun we had , but he had sprinted away , while me and radcliffe were frozen in place . i begged again . newline newline  radcliffe what is that thing ! ?  newline newline his fingers were a blur on his ristratch , and he turned to me with a shocked complexion . newline newline  daniel , that thing , that s not mutated , absolute 0  !  he choked . we turned back to beast , as it began it s crooked charge towards us . newline newline  it s a monster !  i shouted , and i closed my eyes and accepted my fate . but my fate was not today . a buckshot rang across my ears , leaving only a ringing . the hired gun ! he came back ! newline newline me and radcliffe both turned to thank our mercenary , but what we were greeted by was shocking . newline newline a tall man stood , wearing straps and jackets of leather . his dark skin reflected the wavering light of the dying sun . his massive sawedoff shotgun wore a large american flag off the side , and his posse behind him had guns with the same decorations . he stepped forward to the downed beast as he stuck a lit blunt in his mouth . newline newline  not a monster ,  he spoke roughly , as he raised a pair of sunglasses to his eyes . he turned to me , his bald head and large ears silhouetted in the sunset .  just another republican .  newline newlinei used to like my room . it seemed like a bubble . whenever there was stress , or worries , or anything else i would simply shut the door and pretend nothing existed outside of these 4 walls . newline newline the first time i noticed something was wrong was when i went to go get my tortoise some lettuce for dinner . my door would nt open . after a couple of minutes of jiggling the knob i decided to call out to my parents . there was no reply . newline newline i decided that they must have gone out and that the best course of action was simply to wait , so wait i did . after about 2 hours i got bored and decided to log into reddit . that s when i saw the thread . newline newline it turns out i was nt alone . hundreds of thousands of people were saying they had the exact same problem . doors , windows , screens , skylights , even one guy s garage door , all stuck . newline newline the biggest fear for most people was dying of starvation . we tried to talk sense into them , we tried to get them to hold out hope for a little longer , telling them that help may be hours or even minutes away . for most it was pointless . thousands said there goodbyes to friends they had never met and then logged out for the last time . newline newline funny thing is , after that we learned that we dont need to eat anymore . the shouts of joy in the thread after that was discovered rival that of lottery winners . understandable considering we had all just found out we wo nt slowly wither away . newline newline the outside world discovered us after a few days . seeing all of my neighbors and reporters looking into our windows was pretty weird but eventually they stopped coming . newline newline according to news reports from their point of view our windows are pitch black . we can see them , they cant see us . newline newline that was what caused the second wave of deaths . fathers , mothers , children , all frantically waving trying to get the attention of others . seeing their spouses visit the window and cry every afternoon , remarry , move on , grow old and die . some just could nt take it . newline newline according to reports there was about 1.5 million of us locked in when this first began . we believe that after the first 2 waves of suicides we re down to about 1.2 million . newline newline since then we ve watched helplessly as the world around us went to hell . droughts , wars , plagues , it seems almost like it was a blessing to be locked in like this . newline newline the worst part is that with so many years alone together we have discovered some pretty amazing things . turns out that you can get pretty smart with 70 years and nothing better to do . we ve discovered ways to make lightbulbs burn brighter , computers run thousands of times faster than before , we can make soiled water as fresh as a brand new bottle . a group of physicists even swear they have discovered a method of producing energy using cold fusion and quantum tunneling . newline newline all of these amazing feats go unimplemented . we scream them from our rooms , solutions to the world s problems trapped behind a pane of glass . if we could simply get these out we could fix everything wrong with the world . we could turn back the clock and make dying forests green again , we could push back the rising water line , clean the atmosphere and ensure a future for every man , woman , and child out there . newline newline alas , we ca nt . i do nt really regret being stuck in here . i ve learned so much and made so many new friends . if i got a chance i would do it all over again just to do more . as with all things however , this too must come to an end . i ve spent the last few years transcribing all of our findings on every surface in my room in as many languages as i can . in this text you will find answers to all problems imaginable . i do nt know when or if this note will ever be found but when it is just promise you will tell the rest of the world about us . do nt forget us , any of us . newline newline newline sean g. newline newline newline born 531997 newline newline died 8122094 newline newline newline newlinewe were once a great species that walked the many plains of north america . sure we had natural enemies  wolves and other large predators , and even the occasional native . although it was always distressing to lose one of the heard to these mighty human hunters , they never let a bit of our herd mates go unappreciated . newline newline but then  they showed up . they walked on their two hind legs much like the natives but they looked nothing alike . their pale skin and great variety of eye and mane color made them stand out as did their difference in hides they wore . these  men  killed off entire herds of us . leaving bodies piled in the sun to dry . my herd was one of the strongest and fastest of them all . although many of us were able to get away , stragglers , usually small calves could not run fast enough to keep up with the heard . newline newline i watched as our numbers dwindled . the great plains that once contained millions of us now seemed barren and empty . the natives of this land that once revered and appreciated the gifts of our death now participated in the great hunts as well . newline i watched as these new settlers moved into our homes . they laid tracks along the plains and drove great iron beasts . any of the heard in their way were cut down . they ripped up our grazing areas and planted them to other , tasteless plants . newline i watched as the last of my heard was wiped out . we were grazing quietly when i heard the shot ring out from one of the humans  boom sticks . as my mate fell before me i knew this was the end for my heard . these men would show no mercy and they would not revere us when we were gone . newline newline another boom rang out and the mighty bison fell . newlineit s astoundingly tough to be functionally immortal . newline newline scratch that . it s astoundingly tough to be functionally and publicly immortal . newline newline when it s a wellknown fact that you re immortal ... people expect a lot more from you . everyone wants you to prove your mettle , and usually at a time you least expect it . even when you re immortal , dying hurts . it is a pain you can not explain , and even if you could , nobody cares . you re only as good as your last demonstration . newline newline a japanese shogun once thrust a sword through my heart and left it there , just to see if there were limits to my gift . i ve been beheaded , burned , tortured , drowned , suffocated , strangled , drawn and quartered . i ve had my last meal 13 times , final words 29 times and have been to my own funeral 9 times . i know this pain . newline newline i think this ... . this ... may be the one i do nt walk away from . newline newline i wipe the sweat from my brow uselessly , the beads reforming the instant i wipe some away . i m moving around in hipdeep water . a somber , beautiful blue light wraps around me . i begin to feel a little numb and then begin to feel as though i am floating , even as my feet carry me around in the water . newline newline 3 hours ago , things were going well . i had a sub2 minute score on solitaire and the plant was humming along quite nicely . when things began to go downhill , i stood politely while the rest of the team gave me the one look that has always been unique to my existence.. that look that says  you know you re the only man for this job ...  that look has consistently robbed me of what is left of my humanity . newline newline i look around for the valve that i m supposed to turn , and i notice strips of my flesh floating around on the water . i can see the blue glow now between my radius and scapula of my arm , and the room starts to buzz . i think . newline newline will i even be able to turn this valve when i get there ? i m starting to wonder deeply about this as the flesh cooks off of me in waves that ebb and flow with the buzz that seems to be mostly in my head . newline newline every time i move , i feel like there is less and less of me left . until finally , there is no more . whatever was left of me  disappeared with the rest of you .the first casualty of this law was higher education . college students all across the country staged massive demonstrations for the right to have caffeine , and the police force was deployed in record numbers to stop the protesters . they cracked down on universities hard , kicking down barricades made of dorm furniture and dragging kids out of their dormitories by the thousands . cries of  don  t tase me bro !  and  my dad  s a lawyer , he  ll have you kicked off the force !  were heard everywhere as white college kids replaced underprivileged minorities as the dominant demographic in prisons overnight . newline organized crime shot through the roof as new wouldbe drug lords fought for market dominance over the new contraband , recruiting the disgruntled excollege students into their coffee cartels and prohibitionstyle liquor gangs . america soon became the stage for the largest drug war the world had ever seen . eventually the power and authority of these new drug lords rivaled that of the government . attempts to repeal the ban were quickly silenced with brutal assassinations . for better or worse , the ban was here to stay . newline the workforce took a major blow as well , but recovered surprisingly quickly as most responsible working adults took up amphetamines and cocaine to get through their day . the rapid turnover quickly filled the streets with meth addicts , alcoholics and exsmokers half crazed from withdrawal symptoms . organized criminals gunned people down with impunity all over the country . however , society continued to thrive economically and produced goods at an exceptional rate due to the impressive drug cocktails that fueled worker productivity into a frenzy . newline united states politicians interpreted this increased productivity to mean that their legislation worked , dismissing the collapse of education and staggering drugrelated death toll as  not our problem . the people are just lazy and stupid , orwhatever . it  s the other candidate s fault anyways !  they patted themselves on the back for a job well done , pockets full of cartel money . god bless america ! newlinei m tired after completing the whole damn journey to here , i m never trusting atlas obscura again . i can only afford a seat of ash and leaves , boy what a great trip . i mean sure i m excited  read : terrified  to meet the mythical axara . it s asleep , right next to ... a filmmaker ? ! wow , look at all the equipment there , and he s just lying there , unconscious . herzog would nt do that . maybe it knocked him out , or the journey did . newline newline so i ll play doodle jump , i can only wait . newline newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline goddammit , just before i hit 200,000 ! get up fast , wait newline newline it s not approaching me . but senor spielbergo is nt budging , why is oh , he s lunch . but wait , why is it approaching me now ? why are you giving me the amira ? i m not shooting the doc , why the okay i ll do it . you re not even chewing him , why are you ... seductively swallowing him ? what kind of expression is that ? ! why the hell are you watching the footage ?the hardest part is pretending you do nt notice . newline newline the sun is already racing across the sky , it s 6 am . explosions echo softly in the distance . but nobody flinches , because nobody notices . newline newline but i do , i just do nt say anything . newline newline i try and pretend i do nt see the death and destruction . and i ve written letters , plenty , to the city asking if there is anything we can do about the constant struggle between existing and trying to survive the mayhem . newline nobody has gotten back , but i m still waiting . the mailman was killed twice last week , i m sure that letter explaining the horrible day to day atrocities and what s going to be done about it is still on its way . newline newline by noon i m at work , it s lunch , i m looking out the window of one of the high rise buildings , eating a sandwich , going over reports , they re due by this weekend , and between trying to get home alive and getting this done on time , i do nt know which one i want more . newline newline i work in downtown los santos . oh , and it s about that time again . a passenger plane flying in the distance , boeing 747 , i used to want to fly them as a kid . the massive plane is making it s way towards me , and it s target is the building . how do i know ? it s the twelfth one today to run itself into the building . the plane is the only thing that is ever destroyed , the building , never a scratch . and the people ? nobody notices , nobody ever notices . newline newline the evening is rolling around , i m enjoying the lush colorful skies by the beach as i try and relax in the dying rays from the evening sun , going over the day , and what tomorrow might have for me . but now , screaming . i turn to see a car with blood and bodies decorating the hood , the driver inside with three others , i can hear laughter . they always laugh . they never stop , they just keep going , trying to hit as many people as they possibly can . as soon as he s gone , the damage is left behind , nobody cares , nobody notices , and everyone just moves along like nothing happened . newline newline the day feels like only couple hours past , and it s over . i sit alone in my kitchen , eating pizza . i clean up , and lay in bed , listening to the evening ambiance : gun shots , screaming , sirens , more sirens , helicopters , more screaming , laughter , helicopters , more sirens , then silence .  for now .  i look at my watch , the seconds fly by as it s already eleven . i ll try to close my eyes , and drown out the noises , trying to sleep . newline newline i often wonder how long everyone who lives here is going to pretend and not notice the daily carnage , the daily murder , the daily sirens , the daily crashing , the daily hell that visits this beautiful city . peace will come back , i m sure of it .  practice patience  my dad always told me . newline newline so until then , i ll wait , patiently . newlinei knew my date as long as i could remember , like everyone else . i do nt know when i found out  my parents must have told me , when i was very little . but i do remember the day i found out what the date meant .  i was five , innocently playing doctor with my best friend . he was the patient in my toughest case yet and , despite my best efforts ,  died  on the operating table . panicked , and desperate to preserve a thread of truth in our child s game , i ran to alex s older brother john and breathlessly asked him ,  how do you cure death ? !  he turned to me and laughed , in the condescending way that older people laugh at young children .  you ca nt cure death , stupid . it s the end . we all know when we ll die , and no doctor on earth can do a thing about it .  i ran home crying , begging my parents to say it was nt true . their words were halfassurances .  you ve got a long time before your day , honey ,  my mom whispered .  you ll do great things with the time you have ,  my dad assured me . newline newline that was the day i resolved to fight like hell . for myself , and for everyone that would have their life stolen from them . i had seventyfive years in front of me , but not one day did i forget that my day , that everyone s day , was coming . true to fiveyearold self s aspirations , i became a renowned surgeon . however , as i performed more and more  lifesaving  surgeries on desperate people whose days had come , i noticed a disturbing pattern : the surgery would go miraculously well , yet the next day i would be told that the patient died just hours postop . perplexed and suspicious , i began scheduling just one surgery a day , and covertly following the patient after their operation was complete . sure enough , i would hear the droning beep from their heart rate monitors that signaled their passing from this world . they would be hurried out of the room by a cloud of hospital attendants , down a dark and mysterious corridor . newline newline as a doctor , the sudden passing of so many patients seemed suspicious . i began to research death dates , scouring shady corners of the internet and dealing information in dark corners of old bookstores . there was a theory , rooted in mystery and hearsay , that people do nt really die on their death days . those that believed this claimed that the  dead  were merely secreted away when no one was looking , and brought somewhere well out of the cities , where they would nt contribute to the growing population and ever more congested urban areas . the more research i did , the more the evidence for this seemed overwhelming . at the age of 45 , more than halfway to my own death day , i joined the ranks of secret activists , and rededicated myself to exposing the government for the lies they told us about our ultimate demise . for decades i helped terrified citizens , slated for  death ,  escape the city . i watched my fellow doctors  die  one by one , and watched my fellow activists flee . much as the latter always promised to report back , they never did , leaving those of us who remained with the small thread of uncertainty : what if we were wrong ?  newline newline my death date dawned , bright and cold . though slowed from eighty long years on this earth , and the last one remaining of anyone i cared for , i still spent each day fighting for the lives of others . my plan , then , was not to run or hide , as so many had done before me . i would stay in the public eye all day , and when they came for me , i would fight like hell , like i fought for my patients , like i fought for my clients . i had what i needed to make a scene . i was ready . i sat out in the park , an elderly woman in the midst of millions half my age . i scanned the world around me , looking for the thieves who came to take me away from my life . at midnight , the clock in the city center chimed . i was puzzled . it was my day . i could show them all the truth , if only they would come for me . exhausted , cold , i returned to my humble apartment , the same one i bought when i was a young resident . i closed my eyes , peacefully , silently thankful that i had nt had to fight a war that day . and as i drifted off , i saw them : the faces of every patient , every runaway i had saved . they stood open armed , smiling as they welcomed me , finally , into eternal sleep .from up above , it looked as if lucifer himself had cracked open the earth , and all manner of hell was seeping out . the cries of those trapped in the carnage had disappated long ago  their bodies turned to smoke and ash , leaving no remnant of the impact they had made . or the lives they lived . newline an occasional burst could be heard , like the faraway sound of a popping corn kernel . a shattered glass , the belated explosion of a gas tank . the air was thick , and smelled sickly sweet . newline newline and through the cadence , the man laughed . newline newline he surveyed the damage with a complete air of satisfaction . newline newline fools !  , he roared , his voice breaking the grotesque silence of absence . i watched you all burn . i heard your weeping . you begged for your toxic little lives !  he fell into a fit of cackles , broken only by great gasping coughs . newline newline i watched your as the lord showed me what your bodies truly were ! your flesh decayed and the poison showed itself to me . i was saved . the lord has seen that i was the only human after all !  newline newline the man pulled himself upright , and grinned , revealing but few precious teeth , in a face of charcoal and blisters . he dragged his body to the edge of the cliff , one leg gone , with the marks of fire over his bare body . flies had settled into his hair to feast , whilst others still were laying waste to his pitiful stump . but this was no concern for the man . he knew he was saved . newline newline his arms stretched out to the heavens  cracked , red and bleeding . nails all but gnawed off . newline newline take me , oh lord ! i am saved ! i fought the evil toxins and lived ! i ... i deserve this ! take me now !  newline newline and through the sound of the death of man , and the smell of fire , came nothing . newline newline only silence .astronaut jack kelly is an asshole . he is the type of handsome fuck that seems to have it all . all the ladies , toys and luck . he has been given the best education opportunities . has the best attitude . and now he has just become first to discover the origins of humanity . newline newline found god if you are so inclined . newline newline on a dusty planet circling a dying white dwarf , far from the place of his birth he stands eye to eye with a sleek figure resembling a department store mannequin . it seems to glow a pale peach light as if it  s color were more choice than design . newline newline jack fails to realize that if he stood in front of it naked instead of wrapped head to toe in a sparkling white and bulbous emu they would match . newline newline as an astronaut he has spent his entire career hoping to find something interesting . but sadly like his old fighter jet pilot buddies who got jobs flying passenger planes would tell him ,  the excitement of flying had quickly worn off.  newline newline but how could living an astronaut life get boring ? newline newline after almost twenty years of exploring system after system and countless moments of static waiting , maintaining and arguing for more freedoms and finding millions of discoveries that verify life is unique and hard to come by in the horrible deadness called space , has proven their point . newline newline up till this moment the explorer  s life has been quite boring and not worth the decades of loss he will have endured once he returns to his homeworld to retire from service and find a nice comfy place to die . newline newline he has no doubt he will live to see the day his career ends . he feels as if he has been in good hands . everything has been counted out and expected . thousands of tests are performed before a procedure even gets added to the manual . nasa culture is so embroiled in safety and return of investment jack feels surrounded in bubble wrap . newline newline even the rock he was tasked to pick up on what was wake cycle thirtyfive of this mission to kb220 , the lab boys back on earth had earmarked it by satellite months ago as a place of interest , or as written in the preferred acronymese of the greasy chickennecked mit graduate , poi . newline newline but twenty meters from his destination he stands in front of this featureless subtly feminine unmoving figure . newline newline jack knows he is seeing the thing in front of him . he is the type of person who is blessed with infallible ego . if it s there it is because it is and not because of something that has gone wrong inside himself . he is a perfect specimen of humanity and medical science has promised his return on investing in a pure lifestyle will net him at least 85 more years of life . newline newline but still his perfect heart picks up pace and pounds painfully in his chest . something is not right .  guys ?  he says hoping his mic is working and base is picking up his broadcast . newline newline his next reaction is to raise his right arm palm down in a roman style salute . newline newline the thing just stands in place . newline newline maybe it s a relic . newline newline jack tries to relax . aware he is holding the air in his lungs he releases before taking a deep breath through his nose . he counts to ten before blowing it out also . newline newline he instantly feels the shock subside slightly and takes a step to get a closer look at the mannequin . newline newline when it  s hand shoots up suddenly mirroring jack  s salute , he gasps . newline newline the gesture is sharp as if the thing were a wind up toy that had been wound up to tight . at the apex of the greeting it  s arm hangs loosely in the air as if the intent of the movement was forgotten or unknown and it is unsure now when it was meant to end . newline newline slowly the hand is lowered back to it  s side . newline newline its faceless head tilts in jack  s direction as if thinking . newline newline jack thinks about radioing back to base camp again , but base camp should be seeing everything he is seeing through the camera attached to the emu . what else could he say but ,  umm guys , something just waved hi.  obviously the rest of the crew , awake and doing their jobs , were just as speechless as he . he can imagine peterson mouth gaping trying to make sense of that which he got his doctorate preaching was impossible . newline newline proof of life outside earth  s atmosphere . and not just proof of life but proof of intelligence . proof of culture . and civilization . the dawning of all the meaning that this moment contains begins to wax across jack  s brain . he is awed . a feeling he had forgotten could be possible . newline newline the mannequin lifts its head back up . and points its chin at the astronaut and somehow asks  are you human ?  in a soundless cloud that just is . newline newline the question forms for jack in a way that the realization of it is shocking . the question is perfectly understandable , but impossible to answer . newline newline jack is confused . what else could he be . he wants to answer , yes , but a sense of that not being the right answer invades his mind . newline newline  of course you are . there is not much else for you too be , is there ?  newline newline jack nods stupidly . ego bending slightly as he hoped beyond hope base contacts him soon with instructions . he has forgotten how to think for himself . a feeling cascades over him he has never felt before . a lesser man would know immediately that the feeling was what one feels when completely and hopelessly lost . being unsure . on the cusp . newline newline  we are siblings then human . what made me made you . me ! ha ! i have not thought of being me in many millenniums . i have you to thank for that human . you have reminded me , ha , that i am me.  newline newline jack wants to run away and is stopped only by the fact running in an extravehicular mobility unit is almost impossible and absolutely hilarious to witness . he tries to speak but finds his voice uselessly bouncing around the inside of his environmental helmet . it s been tested to absorb sound . he knows the thing in front of him can not hear his words . but why was base not responding to his announcement . he tries to reach them again ,  hey guys , i have a problem.  newline newline just the quiet hiss of functioning electronics is all he gets as a reward . newline newline and the mannequin confirms his thoughts are not needed . newline newline  you can relax human . allow me to explain your situation , but first another question . if you were an accident would you want to know ? newline newline think before you answer please . if you are the product of say , oh , i don  t know , a rape , would you want that to play around with when laying in bed at night ? just picture it : your beautiful existence , the essence of you , was forced into being by an ugly event.  newline newline the words seem to fill jack s mind like a word balloon in a comic strip . if possible they seem to be erratic like they are being pulled burnt from the bottom of a too hot skillet . newline newline  picture your mom crying on the ground post conception . a used rape kit containing the same batch of dna material that made you in a police evidence bag . a face that reminds and repulses and at the same time beautiful and unique to your own progenitor . newline newline the human race is just such a thing . newline newline the universe is everything . nothing resides beyond it but more universe . and within everything exists in infinite possibilities . newline newline and infinite possibilities beget infinite possibilities and so on and so forth . newline newline that s how you end up with one of the few precious rocky gaseous planets covered in gigantic lizards . you keep plugging numbers into an equation until it works . newline newline giant lizards . why ? because they could . and they did as this world filled up and became overpopulated and our star aged . one day , as all things happen , the signs of the end began . newline newline rocky gaseous planets are at a premium . maybe billions exist through infinite possibilities , but time is relevant . time is finite . time is the dash bookended by the concrete facts of birth and death . newline newline we seeded your home world  s garden paradise with monsters , huge stupid beast that were fun to watch . the ones that started the life on your world left them alone fascinated to see them stretch to the sky . newline newline some however felt that this was a waste of such a paradise and demanded it be cleansed of its creations and made ready for more intelligent habitation . newline newline a war started over your life . life always equals death except for me , ha , because i am not alive as you know the word . i got to see the end of the creators of life on your world . i also witnessed the end of this planet in one giant unexpected supernova that irradiated everything . they died . the dinosaurs died . but life continued . that  s the magic of the universe . by the same mechanism that they created the lumbering beasts they accidentally made you and intentionally made me . they stupidly thought they could rush science and knowledge and instead proved life is chaos and will be if it will . newline newline and now because you chose to land here and explore you will be the next element in the equation of the people who made me . they deserve life so i will impregnate you like i impregnated the rest of your crew . you will die . the process is very painful . but know this : life will live once again because of you and that little actually matters because what matters is life.  newline newline jack tries to turn the machine around him and begin the trek back to base , but ca nt . he is stuck looking at the slightly peach colored mannequin laugh in a maniacal way that fills up the word balloon in his brain . he feels his sanity flush out of his head taking his ego with it . newline newline newline newline newlinethrowaway cuz i do nt know if anyone i know will see this and i do nt wan na risk it . newline also on mobile so forgive my errors . newline newline    newline newline i ve never really like liked anyone . newline newline all through my years , i have never had a crush . i ve met people , but none i would develop romantic bonds with . i was bullied when i was younger , you see , and it went in for years until i left my old school in search of a new beginning . but let s not start there . newline newline when i was younger , i had difficulties fitting in , and it was a rough school . i was ditched and buried relentlessly . when we were younger , it was cool to  date  . i guess my first technical boyfriend was in 2nd grade , for about a day . it was a boy who just got bored and asked me to be his girlfriend . i said i would , but only if he would marry me when we were older . i thought no one else would ever ask me out again . of course , being seven , it did nt last . newline newline bullies persisted , and would torment me many ways . mockingly asking me out , name calling , violence , the works . i did nt have any real friends . i trusted no one . newline newline i got tired and switched to a nearby catholic school . it was a completely different crowd , and was better than my old school . i did nt really feel the scars from the other kids for some time . i remember a few moths after starting , a boy had asked me out . after a minor dilemma and not answering until recess  long time in kid world  , i accepted reluctantly . moments later , he changed his mind , and we were no more . we were and still are friends , but damn , know why you ask . newline newline i got better and began making friends . but j still trusted no one . i could nt let myself get hurt again . i came for a new start , but i had nt been able to reset myself . maybe my warranty was voided . it hardly mattered . my lack of trust protected me from being hurt too bad my a manipulative one . she had problems . no one speaks with her nowadays . but even so , she hurt me a lot . i stopped outwardly talking with anyone , and taught myself to be content with loneliness . and so , for years , i stopped talking with people unless it was required . newline newline this went until high school . halfway through my first year , i met an outward , energetic girl . to this date she is my very best friend . we grew closer , and i learned to be more sociable . i had become lonely in my isolation . but , i slowly began to trust again . she saved my life , one time . i tried to end it . without her ever knowing , she saved it just by calling me out of the blue . i ll never forget that . and she will probably never know the extent of her impact . newline newline so , with my best friend , i made more friends , and began to trust people . now that there were more people around , there were ways of sorting those kind and trustworthy from the boring , the horrid , and the ugly  internally of course !  and so , i began to recover , and understand that i had suffered . newline newline but not once did i  like  anyone . newline newline time has gone on , and things got better for me . i had support , love , and happiness . but i started feeling lonely . lonely for something i ve never felt for in a relationship : love , the couple kind . but there was no one i had particular fondness for , and i m doubtful of anyone having fondness for me . newline newline now , over the years after i left the bully days , i have been asked out . i ve always said no , as i just kept thinking they were joking , as some cruel prank to alleviate their boredom . now , i know some were nt . i know some were legitimate , as some people were taken aback when i reacted very coldly and upset . newline newline not once did i feel particularly fond for anyone . i rarely love deeply . newline newline no boy , no girl , none . but then i met you . and you met me . we talked . we laughed . i m poor at conversation , but i m getting better around you . i admire you greatly . you , you broke this long time of solitude . i did not expect this at all . i did nt realize it for a long while . newline newline i had developed deep feelings for you . newline newline but , i m still hurt i feel unworthy . i need to be a better person , and i need to become more socially adept . but besides all this , i would love to risk it all and act on how i feel . but i wo nt . how could i ? you , my first crush , who i care for , the one person i like , the one i should nt . newline newline you re the long time boyfriend of a friend of mine . newline newline i ca nt do that to her . i ca nt do that to you . i ca nt do that to myself . i ca nt do that to anyone . but it s ok . i wo nt tell , i wo nt act . i ll let it be my own , and hope i find someone else . i m just happy to be your friend , and you make me , her , everyone so damned happy . so , thank you . newline newline i m okay , and i know it will be okay .scene opens on a white house with a bright red door , surrounded by lush foliage . a.j . and grace are sitting underneath a broad elm tree in the front yard , watching their six year old daughter play on a tire swing . a car pulls up in front of the house , and the smiles fall from their faces as two men get out and walk toward them . camera pans down to show nasa insignia on the car door .  newline newline i do nt wan na close my eyes newline newline scene shows nasa men in the house with a hologram transmittor , showing a probe traveling through space . the name  argonaut  is emblazoned across the side .  newline newline  we traced the origins of the asteroid .  the nasa man explains . a.j . and grace exchange a look  they do nt need to ask which asteroid .  the argonaut was on its way to andromeda to investigate the possibility that it was sent here by extraterrestrial life .  newline newline  sent here ?  grace asks . newline newline  that s right . but before the probe could get there   he hits play on the hologram . the argonaut hit a massive wall that has suddenly appeared in space . there is a big explosion against an entirely flat surface . the camera angle pans out to show that the surface is impossibly wide , enough to surround the entire solar system . newline newline  there s a barrier in space , preventing us from investigating . and we do nt know why .  newline newline i do nt wan na fall asleep newline newline scene is set in a bedroom . a halfpacked suitcase sits on the bed newline newline  grace , i need to go ,  a.j . pleads with her .  no one else has the experience .  newline newline grace is silent . newline newline  it s what your father would have wanted ,  a.j . says newline newline  do nt you dare bring him up !  she screams , hammering at his chest as he wraps his arms around her . she sobs into his shoulder .  i already lost him out there . you think i want you dying on some crazy mission too ?  newline newline cause i d miss you baby newline newline scene shows a grey morning . a.j . is wearing a brightorange space suit . he is holding his daughter in his arms , twirling her around . in the background , a massive spaceship looms , larger than any currentlyexisting craft . as he spins , we see other roughnecks with piercings , face tattoos , etc . and wearing space suits as well . he has tears in his eyes as he hands his daughter back to grace , who wo nt even look him in the eyes despite his pleading . he kisses her on the cheek as she turns away , and then he signals to the rest of the crew . they walk down the tarmac to the ship .  newline newline and i do nt want to miss a thing .  newline newline scene shows the ship drifting through space , showing clear signs of wear and tear . parts of the ship look like they have been torn apart , but it is intact for the most part . it bumps up against the massive wall and seals onto the flat surface . the camera angle zooms in as a door opens on the underside . a.j . and crew emerge in their space suits , followed by a massive drill .  newline newline armageddon 2 : the barrierno one had ever kissed me like that . it wasn  t just another kiss , from another girl . it was more than that . after that kiss it all made sense . wait , no . it  s not that it all made sense now , it was that it didn  t matter whether it did or not . i can  t care about anything else now , that kiss is all that matter and all that ever matters . i wanted to experience it again but i knew that could never happen . we only get a kiss like that once in our lifetimes . a kiss to outdo all others the sweet , allconsuming , and eternal kiss of death . newlinealong the coast of british columbia sits a secluded town called youngsville . this town , named after the founder john young , sits exactly 300 kilometres from one of the largest anomalies recorded . the alaskan tear . this is just one of many holes in time to pop up over the years due to an increase use of time travel . these holes occasionally emit waves of strange energies that slow , or in some cases speed up , local time . newline newline this can become a problem as an extreme slow in the timestream can cause bodily functions to cease . sure , while our hearts may beat slower during a minor time disruption , a full scale 6 time disruption can stop them completely . a scale 6 has only ever occurred twice in modern history . once in japan where the entire island nation was frozen for ten years . once time returned to normal anyone who had been frozen collapsed . many died from the sudden shock of returning to normal time . those that did nt lost their minds to what is now called  timeturners disease  . modern day japan is a glorified asylum now as china and neighbouring countries had no way to deal with the swaths of timedamaged people . newline newline due to this , the town of youngsville , bc , canada has been issued official orders to evacuate . newline newline  newline youngsville , 2024 newline newline  all citizens are ordered to evacuate .  the news was saying . so were the police too , they were going doortodoor asking people to please evacuate the streets and move down the coast or out to prince george . anywhere was good , so long as they were out of the way when the wave came . teachers at school always talked about it . newline  the big one was coming ,  they d say ,  any day we could have a repeat of japan only it d be you .  the school board tried to prepare them too , teaching them evacuation routes and how to remain safe after  the big freeze  . there really was no way to prepare . time waves were nt like an earthquake where you crawled under your desk , or a fire where you simply walked outside . time was dangerous in the sense that one minute could be tapping your foot impatiently waiting for the final bell and the next your foot is frozen millimetres from the next beat and there you stay for god knows how long . then , your foot slams down on the floor with the force of 50 years and your heart is hammering in your chest and you ca nt breathe and oh god the hunger . newline newline adrian pushed those thoughts from his head and finished packing . he zipped up the suitcase and stood up pondering if he should take the picture of him and his father hanging over his bed . he was eight , his father in his mid 30 s and already greying around the temples . they sat smiling on a beach somewhere . cuba ?  adrian thought , most likely not . his family was a family of travelers and they had been all over the world . thirteen years ago they had been a week from boarding a flight to japan before , well , you know . newline newline  you ready bud ?  his father appeared in the doorway , his face with more wrinkles and his hair almost snow white . on his shoulder was a duffel bag , a few hockey sticks sticking out of it . newline newline  yeah lets get out of here .  adrian said with a sigh rolling his bag behind his father . as they walked through the living room he could nt help but feel a churning in his stomach . usually before a trip it always felt weird saying goodbye to a place you knew , even if you would only be back weeks later . but with the wave coming , adrian felt worse at the unease , not knowing when or if he would return . his eyes absorbed every detail in the house and he , knowing full well that should he return everything would be the exact same , without dust or decay . newline newline he closed the door behind him  the feeling dissipating . time distortions were already present , bird chirps slowed down and sped up and walking down the front steps felt like walking through mud before he practically teleported to the car . his body felt stretched and his head hurt to think that yesterday these things might ve felt normal to him . .he opened the door and his mom , sitting in the front behind the wheel , said something before her lips moved . newline newline  the news is saying these are only the warning signs , things will get back to normal before getting worse .  newline newline  great ,  his dad said , closing the door behind him but the thump sounded seconds after .  can we please get out of here .  the speeding up of his last few words were almost comical and adrian would ve laughed had it been any other day . the car sped down the road and eventually they reached the outskirts . time disruptions became less common and less severe the more hours they put between them and youngsville . you could see some people who had taken to walking . families , pulling suitcases as they walked being passed by cars way too full . some attempted to hitchhike yelling at the cars and cussing them out when they would nt stop . newline newline youngsville went down in history as the worst scale 6 event . lasting over 55 years and ten months , there were over 246 survivors of a town that held 400 . those that had stayed were either unlucky , or in denial of the coming doom . adrian , who was only 17 at the time of his evacuation , lived happily in vancouver before returning to his house at the age of 62 . everything was exactly the way he d remembered and it was almost surreal to walk his house halls and see the same paintings hung up and the windows open . it all seemed so normal . newline newline  newline newline what remains to be seen is how do we , as humans contain the breaches ? time travel has been banned in over 81 countries and more add to that every day . will we ever find a way to contain it ? will the increases in anomalies start to go down eventually ? will there be another scale 6 in our lifetime ? newline newline questions for another time perhaps ... newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline  authors note  newline i kinda halfassed the ending but i really enjoyed writing it and i apologize for any errors i might ve missed some but oh well . any feedback is appreciated thanks for reading ! newlinethe man in red lay motionless on the floor . a bullet hole protruding from his forehead . newline newline the two that remained in the small room slowly backed away . fear filling their eyes with every step . as i checked the magazine of the pistol in my hand , i realized i only had one bullet left . newline newline   just enough for what needs to be be done .   newline newline pointing the gun at the austrian politician , i began to make my final decision . newline newline  you .  i began .  why should you live ?  newline newline  i can do so much still for my country ! to bring it out of its recession and into a new age is my dream !  newline newline switching my focus to the italian , i pointed the barrel at him , and posed the same question . newline newline  why should you live ?  newline newline  i am a school teacher !  he began ,  i give so much impact onto the lives of my students . i do not know what they would do without me .  he trailed off . newline newline taking a deep breath , i readied myself to take the shot . to change the lives of many in the world forever . newline newline bang newline newline the shot rang out . hitting the austrian square in the jaw , and sending him back into the wall . the italian collapsed with relief , and began to cry . newline newline  why ... why did you do this ?  he begged . scarred at the sight of blood .  what brought you to end their lives ?  he begged . newline newline clearing my throat i answered him .  if i was in a room with you , hitler , and stalin , and only had two bullets , i would use them on the two who caused the most damage .  newlinethere s a qtip on the shelf . a toothbrush and three quarters a tube of toothpaste . some genericbrand mouthwash that tastes like rubbing alcohol and shame . a bottle of essie polish in  roarrrrange  . wait , really ? roarrrrange ? i guess i never checked the name of it before , i just really liked the color on the shelf . is nt that a fucking clever name ? some lotion that keeps disappearing from my room and ending up atop my fourteenyearold brother s nightstand . an expired bottle of aspirin . newline newline well , shit . newline newline if this is the end of it all , i m illprepared . newline newline i m not left with much to work with here . it s like we re picking teams in gym class , and somehow i m left with the asthmatic kid , the girl on her period , and the kid who thinks it s okay to wear jeans to gym class . each thing left in my cabinet is just as useless as the next . except maybe the polish . the polish on my nails has started to chip , and if i m going to die , i m going to die looking damn good . newline newline i sit down on the toilet and rest my right hand on the counter first . in slow , measured strokes , i paint over the tips of my nails , being careful not to slip . one finger after the next , i glide the brush over each finger , pausing between to admire the result . roarrrrange . that really is a great name for a nail polish . much better than anything the kardashians came up with for their collection . somehow , i feel more confident , more fierce . newline newline i guess it s time to assess the damage . i dump the trash out of the can and pull out the plastic bag that had been lining it , stuffing it with everything i ve found in the medicine cabinet . who knows , maybe something will be useful at some point . stepping out of the bathroom , i turn to the stairs , taking them one at a time . the fire has charred much of the wood , but i think they re structurally sound . i hope so at least . newline newline my shoes are at the end of the stairs . well , one of them is . the other is probably in a pile of ashes somewhere . i put on the one i can find and move on . the walls are mostly charred  pictures are burnt and their frames falling to the ground . but really , who gives a shit . it s not like my parents were particularly great . but everyone certainly thought they were , and i guess that s all that matters . newline newline i hear a stirring from across the living room . stepping over rubble and stillburning debris , i see my mother struggling to stand . she is the only person keeping me here . she s always been the only person keeping me here . god , what a selfish bitch . newline newline the drapes beside her have caught fire , and her bloated body is only a few feet away . i take a few steps closer to her . i m almost smiling now . this is wrong . this should be so wrong . but i ca nt let her continue to be dependent on me . newline newline she s struggling to speak , but i ca nt let her . unscrewing the cap to my mouthwash , i empty the contents of the bottle , tossing it at the drapes . within seconds , the fabric is engulfed in flames , and my mother with them . newline newline she chose to leave once before , and now i have too . newline newline and shit , i ve smudged a fresh coat of polish .it had been too hot for school . it was one of the first proper summer day and the uniform , which was designed for winter time , was much too warm . newline newline i took the jacket of almost before the last bell rang and headed home . it was still too warm . this was a day for shorts not woolen trousers . a day for shorts , swimming pools and ice cream . god that had been good , last week when the ice cream truck had stopped by the school . of course the teachers had chased it away but not before i had gotten a big one . newline newline it had taken most of my lunch money but it had been worth it , that was a good day . but now when the need was greatest the ice cream truck were nowhere to be seen . like most good things that one seemed determined to only happen once . newline newline  i summon thee , wan of ice  i shouted in my best gandalf voice . nothing .  there  i bellowed as i crossed birch street .  there  i said as i passed yew street .  there  i breathed as i turned into oak street . and there it was . newline newline  holy birdshit man , it worked  there about halfway down the street was a colourful wan with a big ice cream cone on the roof . i would nt even have to detour , i was destined to walk right by it . i speeded up feeling the coins i had been saving for a week now bouncing around in my pockets . this was going to be beyond good . newline newline i was about half way to the truck when it dawned on me . there was no music , there was no queue .  no ! that s not fair  . closing in it was obvious , the damn thing was not open .  oh , come on . not only wo nt i get an ice cream but i also walk past the damn thing  i moaned to myself . i trundled on still staring at the blasted thing .  just not fair  newline newline then i noticed , the backdoor was nt shut , not completely . maybe the guy s there  i hoped and speed up again . the knock pushed the door open , the guy was nt there . newline newline i stared inside the wan . the colourfull advertisement for the strawberry rolls and the chocolate blasts . the three freezers that lined the inside of the wan . so close to so much treasure . i stepped inside . newline newline i threw open the first freezer . it was filled with small cardboard boxes that should have half the ice cream . all were empty . i pulled out a few hoping to see full ones underneath . no such luck just some plastic bags of flower , damn  . i threw open the second freezer . more empty boxes . i pulled out some of them only to find more flower bags , or was it sugar and some herbs .  come on , i mean is he making the ice cream himself  i pulled out a few more boxes.  and now we have stamps , this is ridiculous . where is the damn ice cream  i slammed the second freezer shut and glared at the last one . last change  i thought do or die  newline newline i threw open the last freezer , stared down into it and gasped . newline newline they were all there , the long twirls , the double dips , the caramel centered . screw taking just one . i grabbed the box of century deluxe . the ones with the thick chocolate cover and the soft caramel center and heaved it out of the freezer . i threw my useless jacket over it and lifted it up . it was delightfully heavy . newline newline i exited the wan and clasping my frozen gold to my chest legged it as fast as i could down the street . it was a good day after all .rwritingprompts . where it all began more than 6 months ago . a writer ? me ? no . newline newline newline random firings of neurons somehow grouped together to focus my mind s attention on a writing prompt of all things . it was a mildly interesting topic : aliens and humans , but the humans experience time much faster . just reading the prompt triggered caffeine  as the plot device , and before i knew it i had my first horrible story . newline newline newline driven by the rush of endorphins from every up vote i looked for other prompts to write . i killed elon musk  he had it coming  , i killed god  he had it coming too  , i brought iphones to life , and i made mrs. claus a bartender at the north pole . i had become a creator and destroyer of worlds . nothing was beyond my powers . newline newline newline but rwritingprompts was no longer enough , the prompts began to leave me wanting and my fingers did nt want to stop . so i searched the deepest , darkest corners of my imagination for a nugget of literary gold . what i found would control the next 4 months of my life : i found an idea for a book . a series of books . a brilliantly crafted story sure to withstand the test of time and critics . newline newline newline how quickly the proud and boastful fall without talent and training to build on . i was not a writer ! i had no idea what i was doing , and that amazing story i came up with had more holes and dead ends than a seedy 80 s arcade filled with whackamoe machines . nothing made sense , the story had no arcs , no clear antagonists , no deep themes , no reason why it should even be told . newline newline newline blind to the barriers ahead i wrote . and wrote . every . single . day . 4 months of typing an average of 2,000 words a day . story arcs ? they re there now . antagonists ? got some good ones . themes ? oh , i ve got themes . big ones . my transformation into a writer was almost complete . almost . newline newline newline there s a story i heard once , from my father i think , about a young man who left his smalltown home to explore the world . he traveled the globe and met many friends , a few enemies , and experienced life through the eyes of countless cultures . when he returned home his smalltown friends asked him about his travels and he realized that in all his adventures he had forgotten why he had left in the first place : to find himself . newline newline newline i never liked that story , yet there it is in a string of letters and words for all the world to see . that s why i decided to write this prompt : to share one paragraph of unfettered literary filth in an attempt to meet my word count for the day . i m still not a writer , but i m 473 words closer to becoming one .when the dogs began to talk , it was only natural for humankind to question how we treated them . most surprisingly , in most cases the dogs preferred to exist under the legal guardianship of their former owners . newline newline the first thing i did was teach charles how to read . after he discovered kipling , he s become a regular bookworm . among our local canines , the law of the jungle has practically become a religious text . i had to build him a cart so he could go to and from the library with his latest finds . newline newline i went back to school , finished my degree , and started a company that specializes in canine enabled technology . charles on the other hand , decided to become a canine historian  and so he was until he died of cancer at 18 years of age . newline newline canines apparently had a rich culture of storytelling that stretched back thousands of years . from parents to litter , stories would be passed on . with most working breeds , their stories had to deal with hunting , or herding . almost all canine oral traditions , except those of wolves and coyotes , involved man as being part of the pack . what we had thought instinct , was culture . newline newline contrary to what peta thought , the dogs were for the most part not intent on upsetting the order of things . after tenthousand pitbulls shit on the steps of the capitol in protest  million pooch poop  , the united states spearheaded a treaty that ended the use of canines as foodstuffs , made their use in dogfighting a capital offense . the legal landscape shifted . newline newline most welltreated domestic dogs stayed with their families . as charles my welsh corgi put it :  more or less , you re our pack . and i mean look at me . i ve got stubby little legs and a small rotund body . i m dead sexy and all the ladies love me , but i do nt think i d last for a moment in the wild . i love my pack .  newline newline newlinethe warmth of the fire tingled amy s bare feet as she stretched out her toes . the popping of distant fireworks and the occasional loud burst of those nearby told her that 2015 had finally appeared . keeping her eyes closed , she allowed herself a half smile . she was glad she had elected to flip that coin , normally she would spend her new years nights out in the city centre and end up paying through her nose for entry tickets to clubs she hated , drinks she later projectilevomited and cab rides which normally started the alcohol ejection process . now , with a large gobletlike glass of white wine , she felt much more classy . she relaxed in the silent glow of the muted television . newline newline wind whipped past david s ears and stung his eyes , the sound of the revving 125cc motorbike engine reverberated in his eardrums . he clung tighter onto the driver , farris . farris yelled at david to ready another firework as houses came into view at the end of the street . they had so far managed to scare the wits out of a couple walking hand in hand out on the street , another couple expressing their love in a far less subtle way against the wall of a boarded up pub and had narrowly missed the smashedopen window of an already burnt out building . newline newline david had nt wanted to shoot anything at anyone and so always tilted the makeshift firing tube upwards , though he had really tried for that last window . newline newline amy pulled her feet from the stool she had been resting them on and rose to her feet . she wobbled slightly under the heavy lull of the wine and giggled to herself , nothing changed whether she went out partying or stayed at home . newline the heat of the fire stifled her as a hot flush passed over her and she stumbled awkwardly to the window . after a few seconds of realising she had to turn the key , she flung it wide open and relished the cool air as it rose the hairs on her arms . newline a half purr , half meow sounded from the arm of the couch , and amy s normally standoffish persian stretched languidly , ripping the fibres of the linen cover . she ushered her away and flopped back down in her seat . newline the sound of a revving engine interrupted her peace , it was a whiney , rattling sound , probably some stupid kids on a moped they got for christmas , amy thought irritably . tyres came to a screeching halt , it sounded close . finally interested , amy leered over the oversized cushions at the source of the noise , but the streetlamps seemed to leave a patch of darkness outside her house which she had always found intimidating , and now it felt even more so . newline newline in a second , there was a loud pop and she had no time to react as a streak of light and fire swept into the room . as the momentary blindness subsided and her ears ceased ringing , she saw the flurry of spitting sparks emitted from the still wriggling firework . it wriggled closer to the fire . newline  no !  amy screamed as it flopped angrily into the smouldering embers . newline newline a white flash burst from the window and farris whooped in adrenaline fuelled excitement . as the engine gunned and they accelerated away into the night , david swore he heard a scream . newline newline the warmth of the fire tingled amy s feet as she opened her eyes . she was lying flat on her back , looking up at her greyblack ceiling . she frowned , it normally looked white , and certainly had never shimmered and undulated as it did now . newline the memory of the last ten seconds flooded back into her brain , igniting panic that tremored through her limbs . newline she scrambled to her feet and struggled to overcome the mental block that dulled the scene before her . the embers that had scattered throughout the room had taken to everything they touched . the chaise longue that her mother had left her was spewing black smoke as red and orange flashed across it . the carpet to her left melted away before her eyes , adding to the encroaching ceiling of black smoke . newline she dashed to the ice bucket she had prepared her wine in , but the yowling persian cat which had dug it s claws into the floor got under her feet , sending her sprawling into the already blackened upholstery of her sofa , in turn flinging the bucket across the floor . newline newline still in shock , amy s hands shook as she lay on her chest , the cat scrambling out of the window in front of her . the window ! she sobbed involuntarily as she staggered upwards to her feet , gripping the now hot coffee table for stability . a whoosh of heat caught her attention , the christmas tree she had lazily left erected took to the flame as if it was filled with petrol . the flames licked at the curtains and they joined the faux tree in its hateful blaze . newline newline seeing her window of opportunity disappear , she rose up to standing and gagged at the thick smog which almost completely obscured her vision and , within a second had reduced her to streams of tears and a violent coughing fit that threatened to expel her lungs from her body . bile spattered onto the floor as the collapsed to her knees . she lifted her head weakly and watched as the old , once yellow armchair in front of the windows combusted , the curtains had fallen onto the flowery throw and extinguished her last hope . newline newline as she drew laboured , rasping breaths , she felt her body weaken and the strength in her arms and legs faded quickly . newline  mum ... mum ...  she whispered through cracked lips . claustrophobia surged throughout her body as the space in which she could breathe grew smaller and smaller . she tried to press her face into the dusty carpet to escape the crushing weight of the black smoke that no longer had time to escape through the open window and instead pressed down on her like a slab of concrete , but she was afforded nothing . tears splashed down onto the carpet , not from the smoke , but from the fear that resounded through her . newline newline she became light headed and her eyes seemed to lose the ability to focus on anything . if she had not been prone on the floor , she would have lost her balance . newline all she could now see was darkness , and her skin started to blister on her outstretched arm . her face contorted in pain but no sound came out , and her body had seized up completely . newline as quickly as the pain arrived , it left . newline she blacked out six minutes before the fire response crew arrived , and it took the officers an hour to retrieve her lifeless body . newline newline amy had died at the age of 25 , four friends attended her funeral and she was buried next to her grandmother and her mother .garcia watched in glee as the masses painted the streets , coloring the pavement with bold colors . art was god in this new world , and garcia was one of the deities . with an elaborate dance that could only be thought of as artistic by the imaginative garcia , the crowds below continued to rip apart their own body parts , crafting paintbrushes and chisels out of hair and thigh bones . blood took new and interesting colors , forming the most beautiful and morbid font ever , superimposed on a canvas of dead humanity . newline newline newline    are we cool yet ? newline newline garcia giggled in glee , dancing even more . he started spinning , and did nt stop , even when his head exploded . newline newline three hundred meters away ,  clef  shook his head . newline newline  that was nt even imaginative , you substituted shock value for quality .  clef said , shaking his head slowly . reality benders were just as stupid in real life as they had been in story form . newline newline not to mention how few could make an actual good  are we cool yet  art piece .i don  t know who named my world magicland , but they are perhaps the least creative person i can think of . in a world where people can cast spells using small pieces of wood , we somehow couldn  t come up with a better name ? i wonder about humanity sometimes . newline newline i stepped up to my front door , and with a flick of my wand i was inside . after a long day teaching students how to cast magic , sometimes i just want to go sleep . but i know that sleeping is a death sentence . those that fall asleep are often never heard from again , and or they reappear babbling about some other world . as much as being able to just close my eyes for a few seconds sounds nice , the side effects sound a tad bit extreme . newline newline with another flick of my wand , a cup of hot coffee was pouring itself , at exactly the right temperature . my wife would be home soon , and i best clean up before she gets here . she can be quite a stickler about keeping our house clean . i  m honestly not sure why , since with a few wand flicks and the correct incantation , the house can be clean from top to bottom in just a few minutes . newline newline i quickly changed into a new set of clothes , discarding my old suit for a more comfortable tshirt and jeans . some might say i  m a tad old fashioned in that way , with not keeping up with the current trend of wearing cloaks everywhere , but i like my outfits . they  re comfortable . newline newline a knock on my door disrupted my concentration . perhaps my wife forgot her wand again ? i opened the door unsure of what would greet me , and instead of finding my wife standing there with her arms crossed , i found an older man . he was quite hideous , to be frank . his nose was several sizes too large for his face , with bulging eyes , all surrounded by a mop of thick white hair , which seemed as if it had not been cut since i was born . newline newline  can i help you sir ?  i asked , with as much politeness as i could muster . newline newline  have you ever taken the sleep ?  the old man asked . newline newline  the what ?  newline newline  the sleep . have you taken it ?  newline newline  i  m sorry i don  t know what you are talking about  i began to inch the door closed , but the man grabbed it . newline newline  come with me.  he grabbed my arm , and i felt a sharp prick , and then the world went black . newline newline newline it is such a strange feeling to wake up . especially when you have no idea what the world you are in is . all around me , the shiny metal buildings glistened in the sunlight , and these metal things were flying through the air . i could see people in them , talking , laughing , having a good time . what was this place ? newline i looked about and spotted the old man sitting on a bench a few yards away . i went over and sat down next to him . newline newline  so what is this place ?  i asked . newline newline  this is the other world which your people so feared . we call it techland . terrible naming , am i right ?  the old man replied . newline newline thanks for reading ! newlinewalter kovac s journal newline newline november 19 , 1975 newline newline i am on the trail of this kidnapped girl . blair roche , her name is blair roche . cops in this city have ditched the meaning of the words justice  and service  from long ago . had to crack a couple skulls and get some bruises on my knuckles to get some information , my trench coat still reeks of cheap alcohol , poor men smokes and blood . i ve got a name : gerald grice . newline newline november 20 , 1975 newline newline i broke into grice s house . i was too late for blair . found burnt child cloth in the furnace , a meat cleaver and lots of blood in his kitchen . he killed blair , chopped her in pieces , fed to his dogs . i killed both of his dogs , waited upon his return and made him pay . the feelings i had , the impulses i ve restrained . a part of me was so sick of watching how decadent a human being can fall , how low a person can get . i needed to kill him , but that s not how things go , not how things are done . i beat him to a pulp , and dropped him on the police station , i m sure he got the lesson right . i hope deep down that blair would consider this as justice  , but i know it s not . newline newline november 22 , 1975 newline newline grice has escaped prison . i need to track him down again . it wo nt be hard . his stench could be smelt anywhere on this city . killers have that on them . newline newline newline rorschach s journal newline newline november 25,1975 newline newline gerald grice somehow got to me , suffered a hard blow from behind my neck , my carelessness costed me . he tied me to a chair , stripped of my mask and my coat , put them in front of me , was the only thing i could see , he had them lighted up with a lamp from behind me . shouted things like  this is what you get for meddling in other s people business  . he grabbed a blade , started cutting me on my chest , as the only thing i could see was my mask , hanging in there , with a static ink pattern . he carved the same pattern on my chest , i remained silent . he finished , my chest was a bloody mess .  when i get back , i will start with your face , you freak  , he said , and he left to the bathroom . i kept looking at my mask . i kept thinking on how i failed blair . i knew it could nt let it end this way . i struggled to get free from my restraint . i got free , grabbed my mask and my coat and waited for him . grice did nt have a chance , i took him down quickly , took the knife from him . he begged for mercy . he begged me to bring him to the police station , as the first time . but we both knew that would not happen , and i m pretty sure we both were thinking about blair in that moment . the look on his face remembered me how filthy , how full of dirt a person can get , how unjust fate is when dealing fairness to everyone . the knife in my hand was shaking , i had a tight grip on it while i rose my arm . he kept begging , just as i imagine blair did . i dropped my arm in a quick motion , and stabbed him in his chest . i repeated the same motion over and over again . blood was getting on my coat , on my hands on my ... face . my face . when i was done with him , there was no more gerald grice , nor walter kovac .i ve been living in august 27th for the last 3 years . hello , guys . you who read this shall probably venture forth straight into the august 28th like nothing happened . 99  of you wo nt even remember this day . some of you shall marry on this day , maybe someone is losing his virginity right now , but to the rest of you ? just a day . newline newline i envy you . i can change my fate and i envy you . you are ignorant to the battle that takes place on this day . the battle for the right to march into the future along with the rest of the people . and there can be only one . newline newline you see , i have a special power . i can rewind time for 24 hours . if i do nt like something , i ll just click my fingers and bam . i can do the whole day over . it was intoxicating . if i did nt age i would use this power all the time , but alas , i ca nt let anyone notice that i aged for two years in just one day just because i decided to live in it forever . there were days like that . with my powers they are really easy to set up , you know . newline newline i ve been nothing but successful my whole life . i tried everything there is , even things that are against the law . especially things that are against the law . do you know how many killing sprees , bank robberies and police pursuits i participated in ? by the way , yes , i ve killed a lot of people . people that still do nt suspect it and keep on living . do nt judge me , you would do the same . newline newline if i were nt reasonable , i would be known as the luckiest man in the world . ca nt have that , can i ? would nt want the government to become concerned . so i was always careful . a small lottery win here , a successful trading operation there and i did nt even have to work . i was always taking notes of such things just in case . newline newline but then the august 27th came , and the nightmare began . my power would activate spontaneously throughout the day , and no matter what i did i had to relive this day again and again . i tried fixing it by reversing it on my own resolve , by moving as far away as i could , by taking drugs  nothing would work . i would wake up in the same bed on the next day . august 27th became my own version of a groundhog day . newline newline but then it clicked . of course ! there must be other people like me . people who also use their powers to rewind the day . and we are the only ones who can see the changes , so while we repeatedly hit rewind we condemn us all to suffer . newline newline i was nt the only one to figure it out : one day the media blew up with the messages addressed to no one in particular :  if you can time travel come for the carnival to salty hills in wyoming  . the message was the greatest hacking attack in the history and it repeated itself for 10 augusts of 27th in the row . then it stopped . newline newline so now my goal is clear . in order to survive this day , i have to kill all the other time travellers who will undoubtedly come to the town . i will only have to figure out who they are without giving myself away . newline newline because if i know anything about human nature , they will undoubtedly try to find me and kill me as well . newline newline  newline to get my releases ahead of everybody else and get your hands on advance reading copies of my books , subscribe to  rscandalist   https : www.reddit.comrscandalistcomments4n4iu6authorsmessagewelcomenewreaders  ! newline newline look , there doesn  t have to be a problem ,  the girl was saying , her head out of sight . kyle figured she  d dug maybe four feet deep alreadywhich made her barely five feetand he was begrudgingly impressed . newline newline the girl grunted , and a spadeful of dirt came flying at kyle  he ducked . newline newline  unless you want there to be a problem ,  she added flatly , straightening and tilting her head up so she could glare at kyle from where she stood in the grave . newline newline when kyle had arrived at the cemetery that night , he  d already blocked out the grave he was going to going to rob . it was a freshly made one , so the decay wouldn  t have set in too badly , and the dirt would be soft and easy to shovel out . most importantly , the old woman had been buried there with her best diamonds and pearls . people never ceased to amaze kyle , the way they buried riches away with the dead who would never use them . newline newline when he  d arrived at the gravesite , his shovel balanced across his shoulders and his arms looped over the shaft like he was some kind of scarecrow , he  d been shocked to find a soft light already glowing over the halfdug out grave . then he  d been angry . newline newline the girl in the grave had shoveled busily through all of kyle  s angry whispershoutsthis was his cemetery , damnit , everyone who mattered around here knew thatand when he  d finally paused for a breath of air , she  d cut in . newline newline  not a problem ?  kyle repeatedly sharply .  what , you wan na split the profits fiftyfiftyhell no !  newline newline the girl rolled her shoulders and jammed the spade of her shovel into some of the dirt so it stood upright . planting her hands on the hardpacked dirt at the edge of her hole , she hoisted herself up out of the grave . newline newline  look , dude , you can have her jewelry and stuff ,  the girl said when she was standing . she wiped sweat off her brow , smearing dirt across an already dirty face .  i just need the body .  newline newline  what the shit ?  newline newline  yeahbut you have to dig the rest of the way . no way i  m doing all the work when there  s two of  newline newline  what the shit do you need a body for ?  kyle cut the girl off , his voice rising slightly . he wasn  t shouting , but in the silence of a graveyard on the night of a new moon , it seemed like he was .  are you one of thosenecrophiliacs , or a necromancer , or what the fuck ?  newline newline  ewnecrophiliac , that  s disgusting !  newline newline  welli sure as shit can  t think of any other reason why you  d need a body !  newline newline the girl crossed her arms .  never mind thati mean , you  re in a cemetery in the middle of the night too , what  s the big difference ?  newline newline kyle scoffed .  well , let  s see here . i  m here for very valuable diamonds and pearls . you want a body . i can sell said valuable diamonds and pearls for a lotta cash . what in god  s name do you need a body for ?  newline newline the girl shrugged evasively . newline newline  oh god ,  kyle realized suddenly , glancing up at the glowing ball of light that danced above the girl  s head .  you are a necromancer , aren  t you ?  newline newline  are you shitting me ?  the girl snapped .  if i were a necromancer , d  you think i  d be digging out a goddamn grave on my own ?  she raised her hands , palms outwards , and showed them to kyle . where kyle had hardened calluses , the girl  s hands were rubbed raw .  if i had the power of a necromancer , there  s no way i would stand for this blister bullshit .  newline newline kyle had to give her that one . he didn  t really know how necromancers worked , but he did know they tended to be vain , and he doubted one would stoop to digging out a grave with their bare hands . not when they could command a dead person to do the digging for themor better yet , raise the dead in the coffin , and wait for the person to climb out themselves . newline newline  alright , not a necromancer ,  kyle conceded .  but if i  m going to do any digging , i want to know what you need a goddamn body for . 37 names . from the crest of the crease of my inner arm stretching all the way to the supple veins on my wrist . 37 . newline newline they were upside down  to me  , readable from the front  by anyone who saw me  , and impossible to ignore . newline newline at first i thought my roommate was pulling a prank on me . i went to the sink in our shared bathroom between our rooms and rubbed some bar soap on my arm , lathered , scrubbed , rinse . nothing . newline newline i was already late to work so i grabbed a large bandaid from the mirror cabinet , promptly covered my arm all the way down . after that i got ready and stormed out the door grabbing my work hat and keys on the way out . all the while thinking of what i had done last night . newline newline i had worked the night shift , and this morning i opened . the only thing i did in between was commute and sleep . how ? newline newline i reached my first bus stop and piddled to the bakery in a stormcloud of thoughts . i almost missed the driver pulling up . maybe i had done something to the food on accident ? . i googled each name , each local , none customers that i recognize . none took the same bus routine as me . none of the faces ment anything to me . but here they were , forever on my arm . newline newline i worked in a fever , everyone made me jump . and if anyone asked about my arm i told them it had been the cat and they laughed it off . the day could nt go by fast enough . my lunch was spent looking up news stories from the local news website , nothing stuck out . murder , large car accident , theft , local events , and the occasional big news story about the president . newline newline why , why so many names . on my way out i decided to follow my foot steps exactly . so i did what i had done last night . i grabbed a banana from the counter , but today i had to pay for it ... and in a vent of steam i shooed out the door . i stood in the sunlight for just a hot minute trying to remember what i had done . from here i had to go the the second farthest bus stop , the bus had stopped running that late for most of the nonprimary locations , which resulted in the long trek to a less familiar location . so ... i aimed for there . newline newline it was gone . the whole bus stop was pieces of shrapnel . the car dealerships little chain fence was around the ground in a mess . there was blood salt and glass around the road and onto the side walk . newline newline fuck . newline newline last night , i had grabbed a banana . i had scarfed it down on the way to the bus stop and had planned to throw it away at the bus stop garbage can . newline newline instead ... instead i had propped it up with the intent of someone tripping . i fucking wanted someone to slip on it so i could get a good laugh . that intent had become lethal . newline newline i pulled up that major car accident on my phone one more time . newline newline 37 names . hello , lucy fernanda stan ?  , the doctor asked although his face was buried in his clip board . newline newline  i m dr. jesus denaza  , he began to introduce himself , only to be interrupted by his patient . newline newline  no pens que yo te di las gracias ?  she interrumpted . newline newline unamused , he continued .  ... okay ? anyways , you can call me jessie or mister jessie . i m here to see to you about your impure pains  . now , whats that all about ?  newline newline lucy grew an annoyed complexion . newline newline  hi . you know why i m here  , lucy embarrasedly  and annoyedly  offered back . newline newline  well , lets get to it . i need to examine it . lie down and lift your skirt .  , the doctor returned in the same tone as her . newline newline  oh , at least buy me a drink first !  , the patient giggled . newline newline jessie held the most professional  expression he could .  god , do i wish i could . i would break my 16 year wedlock just to get a piece of that beautifu  he thought to himself . or at least he thought that he thought . he had been so overwhelmed with lust he was saying this out loud . newline newline  oh your god ,  lucy said wideeyed , before growing an eartoear grin . newline newline  i swear i i did nt mean to say i did nt think i thought ! i thought i  tried explaining , walking in circles , avoiding the clearly amused stare lucy was wearing . newline newline although , he did nt really walk in circles , let alone one . before managing to take six steps , he fell forward almost as if someone had both tripped and pushed him at the same time . newline newline again , will continue editing later got to go , sorry i  d never even heard of , let alone been to a funeral held within an arena before . i didn  t expect to turn up early to hundreds of people eagerly waiting in line and be identified by a large sticker with the number  251  on the front of my black shirt . newline newline there was a sickening excitement in the air as more people arrived . the lady before me showed me her eulogy or  funeral performance  as she called it . she was planning on singing celine dion  s  my heart will go on  making a vital change to the lyrics .  our hearts will go on.  indeed they will . none of us even knew the man . newline newline the excitement continued to build as the crowd drudged forwards slowly . camera crews had arrived . apparently the eulogies were being televies and the winner voted over the phones this evening . one couple  planning to perform an emotive disappearing act with a coffin  said they  d seen simon cowell arrive.i was starting to think my scrawled notes about the fragility of life wouldn  t cut it . newline newline late morning i finally made it inside the arena , backstage , waiting for my chance . a man three places in front of me performed a eulogy breakdance . i could hear the crowd squealing . then there was silence and a stern woman wearing a headset ushered me over to the edge of the stage and a stern booming voice said  next.  newline newline the first thing i noticed once my eyes had adjusted to the harsh brightness of the lights was that only the four person judging panel were wearing black , the crowd had come for a day out not a funeral . the panel consisted of a young and an old woman and a young and an old man . newline newline  hello , welcome to the funeral of greggory dillon ,  said the elder man on the left of the panel .  i will first introduce myself and the rest of the judges and then you will introduce yourself.  he took a short breath , evaluating me .  i am greggory  s business partner , arnold . we knew each other for 25 years before his untimely death . this ,  he gestured to the man next to him ,  is harry . greggory  s only child and next to harry is his mother , greggory  s first wife marie.  marie stared at me with stony eyes .  finally at the end is his beautiful third and final wife imogen.  imogen smiled widely .  we decide the five finalists for this competition . the audience vote between those five . please , introduce yourself.  newline newline  hello , all of you.  i replied uncertainly ,  i am thomas barker . i did not know your friend , father or husband . i did not know him until i saw this event advertised everywhere i went . i commend your efforts to respect his wishes despite how you must wish they were different.  i paused , lost . i had not expected this . several cameras were pointed at the stage , several more to the audience and judges . i could not remember what i had planned and i could not risk the unprofessionalism of removing the notes from my pockets . the judges had changed everything anyway . fuck it . newline newline  greggory dillon was relatively unknown until a few days ago and now the country and the world know his name and his work . i , i could say i wish it was under better circumstances but like everyone who came on this stage today to cry , dance or sing songs for your loved one i would be lying . i did not know him . i do not care about him . i am only here because of greed . all i can do is offer an honest eulogy without making a fool or a mockery of his memory or me , although i may be speaking to soon for that last one.  i jested . they all stared . newline newline  gregory was a man of business.  i said wistfully . his wife then slowly and deliberately pressed the giant red buzzer on the desk in front of her chair . the crowd cheered in agreement . newline newline  wait.  i screamed desperately . the crowd booed and laughed at my pathetic plea .  he was a man of business.  i repeated , much less wistfully . newline newline  we know ,  said the exwife maliciously to more laughter . newline newline  yes , but so am i. i am not here to offer a meaningless eulogy to a man i did not know . i am here to offer you the chance for at the very least , a part of the inheritance you are owed . the people in queue here today are monsters . if you join me on stage now to share your memories of gregory they will be shared the world over , they will mean something and my eulogy will win . then as part of my performance i will split the inheritance between the five of us.  newline newline the judges all sat up in their chairs . imogen didn  t even attempt to hide her excitement . newline newline  join me and remember your loved one how he should be remembered . not by dancing dogs or perfectly sung ballads.  the audience began to roar in agreement . newline newline the judges spoke to one another , hands over their mic  s as excitement in the audience grew . this was my chance .  c  mon guys let  s welcome them to the stage ! arnold you  re up !  the audience began chanting his name . newline newline weeve checked back stage ,  harry begins proffessionally , and it s not against the rules outlined in greggory s will .  the crown screech . newline newline arnold rises out of his seat smiling  alright , alright , we  ll give it a go  . he makes it up to the stage to begin his performance to roaring excitement from the crowd . newline newline  and one last thing judges ,  the audience hushes ,  if we win , the bigger the cheer from the audience , the bigger the cut of your winnings . say you re in the kitchen one day making bacon . newline newline say something starts banging on the door , the side door , the one that only friends and family use and they never knock and that s beside the point because this is banging not knocking . newline newline say you get the feeling that you should just let them bang on the door until they go away . newline newline say you find yourself socially conditioned to open any door that s being banged on and even though you have a bad feeling about it and you re not supposed to leave stuff frying on the stove unsupervised so this is just all around a bad idea you head for the door anyway . newline newline say you open the door and it s , well an it . an unknown . like a human but not . newline newline say it tries to eat your face . newline newline what do you do in that situation ? newline newline if you re me you say something like  oh shoot  then you run back into the kitchen , look for the first thing that can conceivably be used as a weapon and you swing around to face the thing except you re not big on the whole motor skills thing which comes in handy this time because you end up accidentally tossing the oil into the things face , which i m not sure i would have thought of and probably it would have ended up all over me , and the thing makes a noise that s like a scream but that you instantly know will haunt your every nightmare for the rest of you life and then in a moment quite uncharacteristic of you you actually take advantage of a situation and while the things recoiling you cave it s fucking head in with the frying pan . newline newline then when it s dead you reach behind your back and turn off the stove because you re a creature of habit , a habit born of being afraid you were going to burn the house down , which seems kind of trivial , and quite possibly a good idea right now . newline newline then you put your back against the stove and slide down to the floor and look at the thing with it s caved in head and you look at the frying pan covered in what you re guessing is blood and you see a piece of bacon still stuck to the pan and you remember you were hungry after all , and this piece does nt seem to have any blood on it so you take it and you eat it while you stare at this thing on your kitchen floor that you ve just killed while your heart beats so fast you think it s going to explode . newline newline say something that is pretty much humanoid but that is nt a human and is nt a human in costume comes into your kitchen and you cave it s head in with a frying pan . newline newline how do you know it s dead ? newline newline with a human you check it s pulse . newline newline so that s what i did . newline newline say you ve caved the things head in and now it s lying on the kitchen and you think by all rights it should be dead , but by all rights it should nt exist so maybe it s not dead but you want to make sure it s dead because it looks like it could do some damage , so you reach out and try to check it s pulse and all of a sudden it screams again and tries to bite you ? newline newline what do you do ? newline newline if you re me you let out a high pitched scream of your own and go at it with the frying pan again until your kitchen floor is a mess of black blood and brain matter and the thing has nt got much of a head to speak of , but you feel that even that s too much so you go out to the shed , get an axe and cut the things head off . newline newline say you ve got a headless thing on your kitchen , a mess that you ll never be able to explain but all things in good time , and the feeling that even though decapitation is pretty much your one stop shop in all your making sure things are dead needs that this motherfucker is going to get up off the floor any second now and try to tear your intestines out length wise . newline newline what do you do in that situation ? newline newline if i can humbly suggest a solution you wrap the thing up in like six rolls of duct tape , load it into the trunk of your car , take it out to a rocky beach , douse that thing in gasoline , burn it down to ash , collect the ash , put the ash in a plastic bag , fill that bag with rocks , double bag that motherfucker , wrap it up in more duct tape then toss the whole fucking thing out into the water and hope that s enough . newline newline maybe make sure it does nt feed into a drinking supply because that s how you kill everyone . newline newline then you go back home , nearly gas yourself with cleaning supplies trying to deal with the stains and then you hope that this was a one off event and that are nt any more of those things out there .hi ! i really liked josh and rene  especially rene s dry wit  as well as the ideas you have , i.e . josh suffering prejudice as a result of his ai . newline newline you have a cool world , reminiscent of the running manhunger gamesbattle royale , and i think expanding it could be great , e.g . spending some time on the other fighters . melanie died pretty quick for someone built up so formidable . newline newline i like the idea of josh being a lost combat veteran , but that comes out more in the blurb that it does in the story , except for the brief conversation in the arena . perhaps you could weave it into the conversation at the bar in the beginning ? newline newline by way of constructive criticism , there are a few instances of showing and not telling that stick out . for example , when josh kills melanie , the story reads : newline newline  ... josh knelt beside the woman he had only met once . he wanted to feel something . pain , sorrow , regret , anything . josh felt nothing for her . instead he felt sorrow , and pain , and regret , for not having these feelings towards her . in the heat of battle , there is little time to dwell on the taking of a life . instead , it is usually met with a great sigh of relief . one less gun shooting at you . even though this particular gun was not threatening him , they were not allies . newline newline the above reads a little unwieldy , and instead of showing up josh s reaction , you re just listing off the emotions he does nt feel . the later paragraphs , and the conversation with rene over her ai , establish josh s reaction very well , so paragraphs like the above are often unnecessary . the reader knows from josh s actions that he s not torn up about killing melanie , and pointing it out expressly can sometimes read clumsy . newline newline hope this helps . nice work and good luck !i loved the feeling of the cool night air from my open window . i was leaning against my windowsill , staring up at the stars , softly singing twinkle , twinkle , little star . i focused my attention on a certain star , the biggest one that i could see . but as i repeated the song , staring at the star , i realized it was ... growing bigger . bigger and bigger , until its light illuminated my entire room . and then the light rapidly dimmed , dulling out to a smooth glow , leaving a humanlike figure in its wake . the figure stood , or floated rather , directly outside my window , and then a gentle voice rang out :  hello ? where am i ?  newline newline i did nt know what to say , how to react , or whether this was a dream . the words had left my mouth nearly before i realized it :  this is my room .  newline newline  it s nice ,  the voice murmured . the figure edged closer , and its features sharpened until i could make out what it was : a girl . she looked like an ordinary girl , about my age , except she was kind of blueish gray , and glowing . i was hardly confused , just mesmerized . i decided to just speak , discover who this was . maybe i could make a new friend .  who are you ? what s your name ? how did  newline newline my questions were interrupted by the girl s small giggle .  you ask a lot of questions . my name s ella , and i m an angel . i did nt wan na stay up in the sky , cause it was boring , so i came down here . what s your name ?  newline newline  i m devon , and i m seven . i did nt know angels were real , do a lot of angels leave the sky ?  newline newline  devon ?  mom s voice came from the other side of the bedroom door .  who are you talking to ?  newline newline i gasped in horror , would mom like ella ? would ella like mom ? i looked to the angel for answers , and she smiled . i wanted to say something , but nothing was coming from my halfopen mouth  so i called back ,  um ...  i wondered if i should tell mom the truth . she smiled again , broader this time , and nodded gently . i took it as a verification and continued ,  an angel . she s my new friend .  newline newline  what ? what are you talking about , honey ?  mom opened my door while halfway through her inquiry , and looked at me quizzically . newline newline  right here , her name s ella ! she s really pretty , is nt she ?  i looked to the angel , who could have been blushing , but for a lack of skin color only grinned sheepishly . i heard her murmur something like ,  well thank you ...  newline newline  who ?  my mom s voice reached my ears again . it was my turn to be confused  she saw ella , did nt she ? she had to . ella was nt invisible . i shrugged it off , excusing my mom s ignorance with her bad hearing .  ella ,  i repeated .  she s an angel , from the sky .  i added a smile at the end for good measure . newline newline  oh ...  my mom trailed off for a few seconds .  well ...  she continued , oddly avoiding my gaze , but also not looking at ella .  ii just wanted to tell you that , er , you have a doctor s appointment tomorrow , so you should get a good night s sleep .  newline newline  oh , ok !  i replied cheerily . i was ok with that , even if it was a shorter notice than usual . i turned to ella .  maybe we can talk again tomorrow . is that ok ?  newline newline she smiled once again and gave a tiny nod , though the smile looked smaller , not as happy as the previous ones . and as she backed away , out of my window , i could swear i saw a flicker of sadness in her bluegray eyes . newlinecall me what you will , i have had many names through the millennia . newline newline i reach out from my being to inhabit their fragile bodies for a time . the journeys are short to be sure , only an instant to me . yet , i have learned much . newline newline only in these forms do i experience emotion . love . joy . fear . hatred . so many people . it s intoxicating . they fascinate me to no end . newline newline i remember the touch of a woman . the touch of a man . these memories reside in me now , though i have never directly experienced them . newline newline the look in her eyes as she looked into mine . the touch of her hand . feeling the gentle curve of her breast and the swell of her hips . inhaling deeply her perfumed essence . the scent of her . newline newline the rasp of his beard as he rubbed against my cheek . running my hands over his hard muscled chest , my fingers combing through his hair . inhaling deeply his rugged essence . the scent of him . newline newline it is not enough . i want more . i must find another to inhabit so that i may taste their flesh and feel the joy of feasting upon it . newline newline it s time to feed . newline i do nt get it .  jacob furrowed his brow , flicking back through the pages i given to him the week before . i had only sent him a selection of arcs from throughout the book , the day after his birthday , when he asked me over the phone . his mother told me , in a hushed voice , that he had been worrying over it the every day until they arrived at my house yesterday . newline newline now we both sat in the drawing room , me at my dark wooden desk , a family heirloom of my greatgrandfathers . dozens of thick manuscripts lay around the room , my best on the fine antique bookshelf by the fire , some wedged under uneven chair legs , and a couple tucked away goodnessknows where . newline newline  it starts off with mary , the little girl ?  jacob seemed confused . newline newline  yes ...  i crossed my arms , listening intently to what he had to say . noone except my late husband had ever read my tales . i would have let them , but they never asked . i guess my book carries an air of importance , something on a largerscale . a secret . newline newline  but then , she grows up to be happy , and she marries nicholas , and she just ... dies ?  newline newline  go on ...  newline newline  and then the book is about someone entirely different  newline newline  not entirely , my dear . no , callum is a friend of mary s son , but at this point , he is an old man .  newline newline  okay , but then what ? it just goes on , from person to person . every now and then i see a link between the stories , but ... it s just so random . it does nt work out ! there s no ... big ending , where you know that the whole book is finally over , not just someone s individual story .  newline newline  that s because life does nt have that big ending , jacob . there is no big trumpet flourish at the end , when everyone bows and the curtains come down . the world just keeps going , and the earth keeps turning .  newline newline  so will your book never end ? you ve been writing for years .  newline newline  it will end , and it does . all things grind to a halt , and mary and nicholas , mark and callum , and all the other people you have nt even seen , the people of the writing sitting under the cat : all their stories are related , like the intertwining strings of a tapestry , my darling . and i will end them all in unison , as the tapestry is finished .  newline newline  when will you finish the book , grandma ?  newline newline  i do nt know , jacob . soon , not so soon . but i will . it s quite alright , you know , misplacing everything . mal was apt to lose her glasses , her thoughts , her feet . perhaps its better than admitting that even is she had nt misplaced it , the work would remain undone . people do get sick of her disappearing act , leaving her body behind as her mind floats through a fog , looking for her shoes . that s why she s always late , you know , she s always looking for her shoes . she quite likes her fog time , let s her think more theoretically , unbound by concerns of the next meeting , or task , or plan . newline sometimes when she talks it s too loud and she does nt know why , maybe she s trying to make up for all the times that others talk and its too faint . it s really just her who can not hear them , however . she should consider turning down the radio , that antenna has nt worked in years , it just gives her false signals . newline it s alright , even when she s told she s repeating herself or overexplaining , even though she talks to others the same way she talks to herself . it s alright , other people are just faster , they probably did nt forget their running shoes .where the cave emerged , veiled by waterfall , began the ancient valley . unintelligibly thick clumps of trees grew naturally around the place , protectively obscuring that which existed within . a small , winding brook gurgled its way from its source at the waterfall , nurturing the moss with each splash at stone . beyond its edges ran grass , greener than green , unmarred by a man s step or storm . the blades of the land ran the same direction throughout , stopping only at the trees . newline there , in the middle of the valley , against the sharpest bend of the brook rested a tall stone . around it alone , grew the thickest assortment of the most beautiful flowers and exotic leaves . every so often the stone would pulsate and emanate a dullred glow . with each beat the colors would brighten throughout the valley .lorne had spent years perfecting his speaking habits to come as far as he had . he would have expected more from the others who had risen as far in government as he had . corruption was always abound in politics . he sat , listening to the lobbyist funded idiocracy occurring in front of him . newline newline  change is imperative.  newline newline  more social policy ! up taxes !  newline newline  but rebellion !  newline newline lorne tuned them all out . these subcommittee meetings rarely went differently . three word sentences that barely managed to communicate halfbaked concerns over political repercussions that few present could actually comprehend . lorne would never argue that the paycheck wasn  t good , but the job was unfulfilling after all the time he had spent perfecting the art of brevity . of course , it only made him more appreciated in politics , but politics was smoke and mirrors  the prepared speeches were exactly that , prepared . other talent was always used to actually conceive the speeches given by politicians . that talent was paid handsomely , but not so handsomely as the puppets themselves . lorne was well respected because he could write his own speeches . he could utter one wellcrafted phrase at a caucus and be praised for his great addition to the debate . newline newline critics argue that the need for brevity rose out of the increasing prevalence of technology . lorne agreed with them . since the advent of social networking , people became ravenous for as much information as possible but were often unwilling to give lengthy pieces the attention they deserved . the public definition of lengthy grew shorter and shorter  high society , however , needed a gatekeeper for the masses . those of no significance could speak freely in public and only receive a glare or two from an aristocratic passerby , but one could not penetrate the upper class by way of a few terse phrases to important people  those who made such foolish attempts were vilified and jettisoned to the furthest stratosphere of respected society . lorne had watched it happen to his own friend , someone he dare name no longer . newline newline ascension , however , required patience and poise . lorne had both , but they had taken him to a class where the children of those with brevity rested on the haunches of other people  s skill . the people lorne truly respected were the actors . they were an underappreciated bunch , particularly the improv players . where politicians were blunt and boorish with weak vocabularies , actors had to be well versed in all literatures . they often operated entirely in metaphor to communicate with one another  if either had not been exposed to the allusion in question , it could spell disaster for both actors . lorne recalled a great improv actor , kyra addison , who didn  t follow a reference to hesiod . she had sputtered and halted before tripping into an allusion to darl bundren  s musings about existence while falling asleep on the roof of a shack . the whole troop was frozen by the nonsequitor and it took only hours for the story to get plastered to every channel of the internet . addison had commit suicide before the next sunset , another victim of the unfeeling internet hate machine . the troop had stopped performances for a week , mourning and recovering after the death of a very talented actress . what lorne found most upsetting the idea that most of those internet lurkers vilifying the actress probably had never heard of hesiod , let alone read any of hesiod  s works . but they were terse enough for people to bother reading them . newline newline lorne , however , had tired of the whole process . the most skilled were still able to communicate , as well as those who had accepted their low class position , but lorne longed for the speeches he had read in now forgotten literature . lorne  s soul had been squeezed further and further by his skyrocketing popularity , resenting that his frustrated silence only increased the reverence his peers and the public gave him . newline lorne had left the meeting having only said  abstain ,  and  seconded.  both were received with resounding applause . his assistant had scheduled him to give a speech after the subcommittee dispersed , but lorne had decided it was time to make a change . after a moment at the podium , lorne took a deep breath , which was met with applause . then he began : newline newline  to be , or not to be , that is the question newline whether  tis nobler in the mind to suffer newline the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune , newline or take arms against a sea of troubles , newline and by opposing end them ? to die , to sleep newline no more  and by sleep , to say we end newline the heartache  newline newline lorne saw hundreds of shocked eyes staring at him , utter confusion and silence resting in the room . lorne pushed through the rest of the timeless speech , reveling in the words themselves and the lack of comprehension that was staring back at him . after he had finished the speech , he smiled and turned to his assistant . newline newline  close your jaw , and when you have a moment , file for my resignation.  newlinethe height of the buildings on the galaxy side of the earth is a weird sort of testament to the people living there . as a sun sider , my first trip to the galaxy side capital of erreichen was an experience that i would describe as polar . just as erreichen is perfectly opposite to my home city of fljtandi himinn so too were the people obviously different from my own . my mother always told me that those who live on the galaxy side of the planet are stretched tall from the force of earth swinging them around the sun , and their eyes reduced to glowing purple points like the stars that fill those black skies . i always thought her description was made up by my mother to keep me from going there , but it turned out it was completely true , though not for the reasons any of us could have guessed ... . newline newline   first writing prompt , i d love it if someone could carry this on !  all things considered , the last thing i expected to be worried about in the apocalypse was embarrassment . i find that ever since i ve been dead , it s pretty much all i feel . newline newline tough trying to control a body you ve since parted ways with . newline newline i try keep him safe , away from danger . i really do . like it or not , i m quite attached to him . but he s a stupid bugger , no doubt about that . newline newline it s like guiding a child , really  a rotting , cannibalistic child . managed to abstain from that at least . 100  vegan zombie , who d have thunk it ? newline newline but he s getting weaker , and i guess i am too . i m linked to him , much as i hate to admit it . things are starting to get hazy . tougher to keep him away from the living . newline newline eventually , i ll need to make that choice . me , or some other poor bugger in the apocalypse . newline newline but , we re not quite there yet . newline newline not yet .a blackclad figure lent out from their perch . harmony absorbed the sounds of the city below , mixing with the varied backing tracks floating from the busy streets below . she held her eyes shut , isolating and examining each musical score before moving on . from the tones she knew that a couple two floors below were entranced by passion , the rhythm of the tune was soft but intense . a blasting bass echoed out from the gym across the street , naturally induced from the flowing adrenaline within . harmony skipped from beat to beat , taking a few moments with each to ascertain its source . it was an inexact process , but one which the vigilante had spent years honing . newline newline newline minutes passed , perhaps even hours before one melody struck out . it was sharp , almost painful to hear , but distant . harmony held her breath and pushed away at any interfering tones . note by note the song was uncovered as each obstruction was removed from the score . her heart began to thump in her chest , her hairs stood on end . she fought to control the fear which the music naturally invoked . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline fighting past the fear , harmony jumped into action . she moved from rooftop to rooftop , her footfalls fought to be heard over the sound of the energetic crescendo which bellowed in the wind . the fearsome tune became louder as harmony approached the source . below in a dark alley a figure quivered back to a dead end . before the quarry stood four burly figures , advancing with menace . newline newline newline one looked around in confusion as the music changed . the high pitched creeks faded out , giving way to a tense steady beat . they knew the situation was changing , but not why . harmony struggled with no such befuddlement as she fell upon the trailing figure holding the alley . he crumpled after being used as a break from the fall , but the sound was easily muffled by the now thudding bass . the tempo increased with the next two takedowns which ended with an elbow or leg sweep . the music reached its climax as the last of the gang turned to face her , fists held out in readiness . the tune matched their back and forth , perfectly anticipating each blow or dodge with an appropriate beat . a swift combination of feints and hits brought the fight to a swift end . as newline newline newline harmony surveyed the wide eyed quivering girl , she smiled hearing the thumping of the girls heart match her own . the backing changed to a rousing finale as the pair stepped over the defeated shadows . newlinei could nt help but think that the crime scene was eerily familiar . in my 25 years on the force , i have never seen anything like this . i have seen things that would break a normal man , but i keep showing up the next morning . i guess i am a glutton for mental anguish . the headaches and the horrible , vivid dreams are starting to be too much to handle . newline newline the flash from the cameras is making it difficult to focus , and the lack of sleep is making everything appear to be in slow motion . you know in the movies , when you see a prisoner on his way to the chamber in handcuffs surrounded by cops and press ? that is me right now , or at least what my brain is twisting it into . a dead man walking . i could nt focus anymore and i walked into the bathroom to splash cold water on my face . i rolled my sleeves up and noticed a spot of blood on my new shirt . newline newline i only wore it once before , and i do nt remember getting anything on it . the cold water on my face immediately makes me feel better . looking down at my sleeve , the blood was gone . i really need to get some sleep . newline newline i walked back over to the body to take the scene in again . face down on the floor with a bloody candle holder next to it . i stand up and look around the office . the entire room is lined with books , and everything has it s place . i laugh to myself and think  colonel mustard in the study with the candlestick .  i needed something to laugh about . every book was leatherbound and painstakingly organized . pacing around the room , i realized one book was missing . trying to decipher the organization scheme , i realized it was the divine comedy . strangely enough , i just bought a used paperback copy of it on ebay . it seemed like a good way to compare my dreams to the circles of hell and see where i fit in . newline newline i checked the tracking , and the book had been delivered today . i rushed home on my lunch break to see if it would offer any clues . once i entered my street , i had a strange feeling like something was nt right . pulling into my driveway , i noticed my front door was slightly ajar . i unholstered my 9mm beretta and approached my house with caution . i opened the door and slipped in quietly . i could hear my heart beating , along with that alltoofamiliar slow motion effect . newline newline in my living room ahead of me was the same gruesome scene that i had left moments ago . the body was face down , only this time there was a baseball bat next to it . i closed my eyes and shook my head , to bring myself back to reality . when i opened my eyes , it was still there . i called 911 , and then asked for backup over the radio . walking outside for fresh air , i remembered the book . i ran inside to see if it was there . newline newline laying in the middle of the kitchen was a pristine leatherbound copy of the divine comedy with help me sloppily written in blood on the cover and a thank you note from the seller . what if the person in my living room was looking for this book ? who killed him ? as i turned to enter the house , the ambulance pulled up and rushed in . preliminary examination found cause of death to be blunt force trauma . i guess the bloody baseball bat did nt tip them off at first . newline newline the victim was the same height and weight as me , adding to the ever growing list of odd coincidences . samples were going to the lab to identify him . before i could be questioned , i slipped out the front door and back to the other crime scene . newline newline i was taken aback by how precisely everything was recreated , the posture , the blood , the weapon all were exactly positioned . i looked around for more clues , but i was unable to find anything . feeling that it was a dead end , i went to the coroner s office . the door was wide open and the paper i was looking for was right on top . the name of the victim was ... it was me , and that was my blood on the book .the war was over , the revolution complete . the empire had been forced out of their territories , back across the ocean over which they had originally came . newline newline the former territories celebrated their newfound freedom . newline newline no more imperial conscription . no more imperial taxes . no more empire , making laws and governing from five thousand miles away . newline newline united , the territories swore to never place such unfair burdens on their people . united , they created a charter , writing down their ideals for governing their people . newline newline for two hundred years the territories prospered . their people flourished , growing both in number and in wisdom . they made few enemies and many friends . for two hundred years their territory expanded , eventually stretching from sea to shining sea . newline newline at first , nothing changed . the territories encountered new evils , with which they had no experience . stateless monsters threatened to tear the united nation apart . in their time of need , the government of the territories turned to their charter , looking to their predecessors to guide them . newline newline but it was nt enough . newline newline the government elected to change the charter , a minuscule change in wording , to allow them to deal with the new threats . with the threat defeated , all returned to normal . newline newline when a new threat appeared , unknown dangers from within , the government of the territories once again took action . another minuscule change to the charter , and the newest threat was defeated . newline newline this continued for decades . day to day , little changed . citizens still enjoyed lives of plenty , growing and prospering under their new government and new charter . newline newline now the charter allowed the government to watch all of the territories . now it allowed for taxation and conscription . now laws could be made by the territorial government , on the other end of the continent . newline newline and when yet another new threat appeared , the charter changed once more . newline newline  the only paradise is paradise lost  marcel proust over here !  newline newline i looked up from my phone and stopped walking . an old man stood in a doorway at the far end of the hall , waving me over with a grimecovered glove . a custodian . i looked behind me , but classes were still in session so there was no one around but the two of us . he had to be talking to me . i really didn  t want to have to help him clean a dirty toilet or some kid  s vomit . or maybe he was senile and thought i was a student and was about to tell me off for walking around the school with a phone . newline newline i turned back .  sorry , but i  ve got a thing  newline newline  oh that  s fine ,  he said .  you  ve got nothing better to do anyway.  newline newline i blinked . he was right in front of me ? hadn  t i stopped walking ? no , wait , either way there was no way i could have gotten to the end of the hall that quickly . i was close enough now to read the old man  s workshirt , which declared him to be  charles.  he was grinning at me , like a kid who thought he  d just played a prank on me without my realizing it . it was creepy , so i began a hasty retreat . he opened his mouth to speak but i cut him off . newline newline  look , i was just about to leave , right after i bring my sister her lunch.  i held up a bright pink lunch bag with way too many sequins on it .  do you know where ms. long  s classroom is ?  newline newline he nodded vigorously .  oh , don  t worry , i  ll take it to her . just wait here.  he reached out and took the lunch bag from me . i blinked . newline newline then i blinked again because i thought i  d gone blind . behind me , a creak and the old man  s footsteps echoing from the hall . i turned just as the door shut , leaving me alone in the dark . i scrambled toward the faint light that slipped between the door and its frame , feeling for the doorknob . i half expected it not to budge , but instead it simply turned loosely , uselessly . pulling and pushing on the door yielded no results , so i kicked it in frustration and fear . i  d just gotten pranked by a crazy old man , trapped in a room i had no recollection of walking into . as my eyes adjusted to the darkness , i turned to look for something i could break the door with and found myself looking at an arsenal of things to break it with . newline newline impossible weapons , barely visible in the scant light that made it from the hallway , lined the walls of the room , which itself was impossibly big  the school was a one floor affair , but the ionian pillars flanking the door must have been as tall as the flagpole outside . on one of the pillars , out of place with the architecture , was a light switch . i flipped it on to get a better look at the weapons on display . newline newline florescent light brightened the room , and i walked over to the weapon nearest to the entrance , a sword held by a waxfigure arm which protruded from the wall . newline  excalibur ,  i breathed . a nearby placard told me the weapon  s purpose .  to rule through might.  i didn  t need it to tell me that . the sword  s polished edge bled power while its jewelstudded hilt shone authority . across the hall , i saw an absurdlooking hammerreally , a rectangular prism of metal with a stick poking out of it to serve as a handle .  mjolnir.  the name sprang into my mind as readily as my own . the placard next to it read ,  to smite a giant.  newline newline i looked around and was caught by surprise when i found a section of the hall that seemed dedicated entirely to weapons from contemporary culture . walking past a bucket whose sign read ,  to melt a witch ,  i started to consider firing up luke  s lightsaber and dropping it , tip first . i quickly reached out to open the case before i could convince myself it was a bad idea , but apparently the old man had already reached that conclusion himself . he popped into existence next to me , slapped my wrist , grabbed it , and then pulled me away from all the pop culture weapons . newline newline  don  t touch that with your oily hands . it doesn  t belong to you . yours is somewhere over here.  i struggled to match pace with him , feeling certain that he  d be happy to actually drag me by the wrist if i didn  t keep up . newline newline  what do you mean ? will i get something like excalibur , or mjolnir ?  newline newline  all those have stories already . you  d have to already be a hero or something to get one of those . no , one of the ones back there ,  he said , pointing ahead ,  wants you instead . lucky you , being the first.  as we walked further , i stopped recognizing any of the weapons . with the weapons from before , names and legends seared themselves into my mind , telling their stories whether or not i  d ever heard of them before . these weapons on the other hand , though impressive in their own right , were silent . waiting .  these weapons don  t have stories , yet . perfect for someone like you.  we stopped in front of an alcove , and i felt my heart jump with excitement . on display in the alcove was a sleek black revolver , lying on a bloodred velvet cushion . the sign read ,  to pay a debt.  newline newline i shuddered .  i  ve never shot a gun before , but if  the old man grabbed me by the shoulders and spun me so that i faced the other way , to the opposite alcove . newline  that one  s yours.  he grinned . i stepped into the alcove , incredulous . i picked up the weapon . newline newline  it  s a stick.  it was most certainly not a wand , either . certainly , it was a very impressive looking stick , half as long again as my arm , and straight and smooth but for two outcroppings near the base , but it was the kind of stick you could find lying on the ground anywhere . i looked for a placard to tell my what was so special about this stick . finding none , i turned toward the old man , my face a picture of confusion . he smiled . newline newline  to change a life.  without warning , he clapped his hands in my face . i blinked . newline newline i looked around , stick still in hand . i was outside now , in the park behind the school . the old man was nowhere to be seen . a gentle breeze shook the leaves of a large oak tree nearby , the rustling blending with the sniffling of a boy who was hugging his knees with his back against the trunk . he looked to be in second grade , about the same age as my sister . i stood there awkwardly for a bit , wondering if he noticed me appear out of nowhere . it didn  t seem so . i stepped toward him , now wondering if he was alright . he started and looked up at the sound of my footsteps . newline newline i stopped and held his gaze for a few seconds .  shouldn  t you be in school ?  i finally asked . he hugged his knees more tightly . a nod .  well , why aren  t you ?  he buried his face in his knees again , newline newline  my friends told me that we couldn  t be friends anymore if i stopped letting him have my toys.  newline newline oh .  they don  t sound like very good friends , then.  the words came easily enough  i was a lot like those  friends  a long time ago , and regretted it now . his sniffles turned to sobs . newline newline  they said i  m a crybaby.  newline newline those words were familiar .  there  s nothing wrong with crying when you  re sad.  slowly , his sobbing turned into chocked crying . i walked over to the tree and sat down next to him . newline newline for a long while i sat there , tracing the whorls on the stick i  d gotten . now that i looked closer , it vaguely resembled a sword , with the two stubs near the end looking like a crossguard . i held it by its hilt . eventually the boy  s crying subsided .  do you hate them ?  i asked . he shook his head , and i smiled at him .  good . i was worried for a second there.  newline newline  why ?  he asked . he looked at the stick in my hands . newline newline  see this ?  i lifted the stick .  the truth is that i  m a hero . this is my weapon.  a dubious look . i chuckled .  it  s true . this only looks like a stick . in reality , it  s a sword . i use it to defeat bad spirits . i thought one might have possessed you.  newline newline  i  ve never seen any spirits.  newline newline  and it would be weird if you could !  i said , poking him gently .  after all , spirits are invisible . the bad ones are tricky and mean , but they aren  t very strong . defeating them is easy , once you know where they are.  newline newline  but you can  t see them.  newline newline  that  s why i have a sixth sense . so i can know where they are.  i jumped up and away from the tree , swinging the stick with a satisfying whoosh .  like that one . he was trying to sneak up on us.  newline newline  how  d you know he was there ?  the boy asked , wiping his face with his sleeves . newline newline  i told you , i have a sixth sense.  i shouldered the stick and began stroking my chin .  although , i suppose that even if you couldn  t see them , you could still defeat them if you had a weapon.  at that , the boy stood up and walked around , looking at the ground intently . he picked up a large stick , almost as long as he was tall , and showed it to me . newline newline  like this ?  newline newline  yeah , look at that ! it  s a sword !  i swung at the air . this was kinda fun .  you should practice with it . you never know where the bad spirits might show up next . better get strong enough to fight.  he smiled . newline newline  and one day will i be able to sense them ? i want to defeat bad spirits too , and stop them from possessing people.  newline newline  sure , and until you can sense them , just swing your sword around . they  re pretty bad at dodging , so i can hit them with my eyes closed . like this !  newline newline  did you get one ?  newline newline  sure did . you try !  i watched him swipe at the air furiously .  nice ! you got one !  newline newline  i got two ! i felt it ! they went whoosh and crashed into the tree !  newline newline  really ? well , let  s have a contest then . there are a bunch more , and we can see which of us can defeat the most spirits.  newline newline the boy nodded .  i  ll win for sure ,  he was beaming now . newline newline  i bet you can ,  i grinned .  ready ?  i raised my sword . newline newline the boy slashed the air with his and yelled ,  go !  newlinethe bombs falling all around did not aid the process . everything which i had worked for , all my life , the philosophy i believed in passionately , was crumbling around me . newline newline how did it come to this ? newline newline just years ago , i had controlled almost every square meter of this continent . newline newline now , my most loyal men , men i had trusted , came to me , to admit their failure and betrayal . they did not listen anymore . there was nothing left to believe in , how i hated them for it ! newline newline the walls closed in more tightly by the minute . the dim light flickered as consequence to the bombs shattering above . this was it . newline newline all i could do was stare into her eyes . newline newline the cyanide tablet clenched between my teeth , and the walther pained my temple as i pressed it closer . newline newline the final seconds were a barrage of numbers . they did nt seem to stop , climbing without hesitation . 30 million , 60 million , 80 million . no . newline newline they all deserved it , every last one of them . they ruined my beautiful country , all of them . newline newline the final sensation of the twitch of my finger , to the trigger of the gun , pointed to my head . newline newline all i could say now was  i love you , eva  . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline fore note : this was done on reddit s iphone app , so i apologize in advance if there are any errors with the grammar as that tends to happen often .  newline newline i stared at my boss , matthew , mentally sighing .  how did i even get myself in this mess in the first place ? working for a super villain ? really ?  i muttered , hoping i would nt be heard .  did you say something , may ?   nothing .  these short conversations happened often so i was used to them . i was not , however , used to what was to come later that day . newline newline it was an average monday morning , sunny and welcoming , yet still had too many birds chirping .  i swear , it s like these dmn birds  life goals are to wake me up every morning .  i mumbled , getting out of bed to complete my morning routine . once i had finished everything that had to be done , i started walking to work . while walking , i decided to listen to various songs on my phone . the first song that played happened to be  super hero .  i softly hummed along , continuing to get to work . the song ended just in time , as i had just arrived in front of the giant office building . sighing , i walked inside to continue my daily routine . newline newline the day has gone by relatively quickly , considering that i had dreamed of being a hero but ended up working for a villain . as i was about to leave , my boss called me into his office .  hello ?  i asked , slowly walking into his office .  is something wrong , matthew ?  calling my boss by his first name had become normal for me , as i had been called into his office more times than any of my coworkers had .  take a seat , may .  i did as i was told , nervously awaiting what matthew had to say .  you re aware of the fact that one of the workers here has been thinking of becoming a hero , am i right ?  i nodded my head , hoping that he had no idea who this person was .  well , do you know who this person is ?  knowing that i was as good as dead by now even if i did say something , i decided to stay silent . matthew looked at me expectantly , as if he already knew the answer is give him . after staying silent for at least five minutes , i stood up and turned towards the door .  not so fast , may . i believe that you have something to tell me .  newline newline  what are you talking about ?  newline newline  you re hiding something .  newline newline  i m not hiding anything .  newline newline  lies .  newline newline  i m not lying , matthew !  i yelled , obviously getting on one of his nerves . i was terrified . the most well known unspoken rule where i worked was that you never got on matthew s nerves . i smiled nervously as he stood up from his desk , grabbed his hand gun , and approached me .  hey , matthew . you okay ?  i asked , looking up at him to secure eye contact . he was glaring at me , a telltale sign that he was pissed off . backing up , i felt the wall behind me as i tried my best not to tremble from fear .  may , are you hiding something ? be honest with me .  newline newline  i m not hiding anything from you , matthew . why would you think i was ?  newline newline  it s not smart to lie to someone with a gun , you know .  newline newline  but i m not lying , i promise !  as soon as i had said those six words , matthew had crouched down a bit so he could maintain eye contact with me .  may , tell me , are you on my side , the pathetic hero s side , or with the rest of society ?  to anyone else , it might have sounded like an average question is you switched out  my side  with  the villain s side  and removed the word  pathetic ,  but i was not  anyone else .  to me , the question was more like be fired while possibly killed , definitely be killed , or keep life how it is now with no chance of changing it in the future . i had one chance to answer , and it meant how my entire life played out from now , if i d even have one . once i had answered , a gunshot resounded through the building . newline newline  done , finally . this took a while to write , but it s done now . i should probably get some sleep now , though . that or continue looking at more writing prompts . i think i ll stick with writing prompts . sir callister and his two companions brought their mounts to a halt at the top of a hill . newline newline callister peered through a pair of bulky , black spyglasses , adjusting the knobs on the side until a clear picture emerged of the plain below . the citadel was surprisingly small for its reputation , but still formidable in appearance . most significant was the remarkable state of repair  although the walls were overgrown with thick ropes of thorncreep , there were few pockmarks or significant cracks in the stone . unlike the walls of the fortress knox , the outer fences had long since rusted or fallen , leaving a clear path to the entrance . to the impenetrable front door . newline newline callister handed the spyglasses to esmeralda , the sage . although she was young , she possessed great and terrible knowledge . her third eye was hidden by her headband , but callister could feel it staring , unblinkingly , into his soul . newline newline as the three rode down the hill , the thief gideon fidgeted in his saddle . newline newline  i can smell it ! i can almost taste it ! all that gold , ours ! ours !  gideon vibrated with excitement . in his trembling hands he held a paperthin , iridescent metal rectangle wrapped in a faded map . newline newline three moons and six days past , the three had discovered the card and the map when cleansing an infestation of twisted falaut degenerates from another old one fortress . they had found the items clutched in the hands of a corpse . it had been dead so long that it disintegrated as callister pulled the card from its hands . emblazoned on the card were the words  dr . r. derek  senior director of robotics research at fort knox  , which esmeralda translated from the old tongue to the new . most of the words were meaningless , but the name of fort knox brought to mind the legends of endless chambers of gold , sealed within the impenetrable fortress . newline newline the map was labeled  classified : fort knox landmine placement  , showing a perfectly drawn aerial view of the fortress  s grounds , with hundreds of dots distributed across the terrain . newline newline  the landmine is a thing of death ,  esmeralda had said .  they hide below the ground and spew fire and blades . no healer can save you from its breath.  newline newline the three arrived and dismounted next to a crooked steel post . the pole looked like a tree , frozen in time as it bent backward in a fierce wind . newline newline esmeralda took the map from gideon and sat on the grass , setting her staff beside her . she went silent , somehow even quieter than usual . she pulled the headband away from her forehead , revealing her third eye . both gideon and callister jerked their gaze away so that they would not meet hers as she pored over the map , lost in thought . newline newline callister tied their giant riding hounds to the post . gideon paced around in circles until he picked up a smooth stone from the ground . he rubbed his hands over its surface and nodded . he glanced over at the map and prepared to throw the stone . newline newline  what are you doing ?  callister asked . newline newline gideon shrugged .  i just want to see what happens.  newline newline gideon flung the stone and watched it sail through the air in a perfect arc . it landed on the front road of the fortress with a quiet tink . newline newline a deafening explosion ripped through the air from where the stone landed . lights as bright as the sun snapped on and quickly swept over the grounds , appearing to scan for something . the wail of a banshee screamed out from the fortress , loud enough to hear over the ringing in the three  s ears from the explosion . the hounds bayed and struggled against their restraints . newline newline esmeralda jumped to her feet , and the three shielded their eyes as one of the lights locked onto their location . callister heard a sound like a swarm of hornets . a horde of black , droning monsters hovered in the sky , fast approaching their position . callister  s eyes darted around the landscape , searching for cover , but the only environment around the fortress was open plain . newline newline esmeralda bolted towards the fort .  follow my exact path !  newline newline she sprinted in an erratic , jagged pattern across the plain . callister and gideon followed her as best as they could , fearing with each step that their next would catch them in the jaws of a landmine . their eyes remained fixed on esmeralda  s path , and behind them they heard an impossibly fast series of cracks , each as loud as thunder , and cries of pain from their riding hounds . newline newline esmeralda  s path straightened , and the three stood at the great door . callister looked over his shoulder to see the cloud moving towards them . their hounds lay mangled in a pool of blood , still tied to the post . newline newline the door was entirely smooth , without aperture or handle , save for a square of black glass in the center . newline newline  gideon ! the key !  esmeralda screamed to be heard above the alarm  s wail . newline newline  what key ? is there even a keyhole ? !  newline newline  the card ! the card is the key !  the droning grew louder . newline newline  what ? that doesn  t make any sense !  newline newline  just give her the fucking card ,  callister yelled . newline newline callister slapped gideon across the face . nursing his cheek with one hand , gideon offered the card to esmeralda with the other . she tore it from his grip and pressed it to the black glass . green light shone from within the square , and the door slid to the side with unnatural speed and silence . the three rushed inside , and esmeralda slammed a button labeled  seal  next to the wall . as quickly as it opened , the door slid shut . newlinei met the love of my life on a thursday . it s not much of a love story , to tell you the truth . i was drunk , and my friends had bailed on me . typical . after they left , i stumbled out onto the street , convinced that yeah , i d be perfectly fine to drive . newline newline i tripped on my own shoe and tumbled to the ground . on my way down , my flailing arm caught the strap of this girl s purse . we both tumbled to the ground , and once she realized that i was nt a thief , just a drunken idiot , she found the whole thing completely hilarious . and so , thinking i had an in , i hit on her . poorly . newline newline she shut me down hard that night . but , she took pity on this drunken fool . she gave me a lift home . i asked for her number , saying i d like tho thank her later ... and she gave it to me ! completely unexpected . newline newline anyway , the next day , i called her , and apologized profusely for myself . she just laughed . i went ahead and took a shot , and asked her out . newline newline  sure .  newline newline for our first date , i took her to this rinkydink carnival . it was nt anything special , but we had a blast . she agreed to let me take her out again . newline newline fast forward a year : the carnival came back to town . we decided that it would be the perfect place to celebrate our anniversary . god , we were so in love . i was convinced ... thoroughly ... that she was the one . so , i planned to ask her , there at the carnival , to marry me . newline newline it was going to be this super cheesy thing , too . we d be at the top of the ferris wheel , looking out on the town , and she d lay her head on my shoulder , and i d throw out some cornyashell line before i showed her the ring . newline newline on our way over to the wheel , though , a small booth caught her eye . some carney claiming to be a psychic . newline newline  let s get our fortunes read !  she yelled .  it looks like so much fun .  newline newline i could never say no to that smile . newline newline the medium was an older gentleman . he was missing an eye , and had a few animals around his little tent . a couple birds perched above him , a couple dogs at his feet . although i have to say those dogs looked bigger and meaner than any i d ever seen . newline newline when we sat down , he warned us :  what i show you may not be pleasant .  newline newline we both smiled , and said that was fine . who believes in psychics anyway ? newline newline the man sighed .  i gave you your warning . do nt blame me for what happens next .  newline newline what followed broke my heart . newline newline there was a vision , forced into my head , or so it seemed . it was terrible . years of fighting . of bitterness . yelling about the money , or the kids , or just for the sake of it . anger over an ex visiting town . or the man she d cheat on me with . the woman ... no , women ... i d cheat on her with . newline newline every nasty word , every future indiscretion came flooding into my head . i could nt keep it out . and in the end ... in the end , her killing me in my sleep . smothering me with a pillow . but not just that . i saw every moment she could possibly kill me , all the way back to her angrily shoving me off the top of the ferris wheel , this very night . newline newline i hoped it was nt real . but when the vision cleared , and i saw the look on her face , i knew she d seen something similar . we were both shaken . suddenly , i did nt feel i could trust this woman i was on the verge of proposing to . suddenly , my life seemed to be in danger . newline newline and she said it d be silly to bring my gun to the fair .over two years ago , i awoke with a massive headache and a complete lack of hearing . the doctors had no explanation for it  my ears had simply given up and stopped . it took a while to get used to sign language and lip reading , but eventually i got the hang of it . the headaches lessened with time . i even got a boyfriend ! time went by , until it came to the fateful morning of the shooting . newline newline i woke up and got out of bed . i started making toast for me and my boyfriend , as usual . i sat down , and i felt something that i had nt in a long time . i could hear someone , walking down the hallway . in my excitement , i stood up immediately , nearly knocking the chair over . then , the chair stopped . in the middle of its disturbance , it stood precariously on a single leg . i tried to move , but suddenly , i was frozen . still , i heard the footsteps , growing ever louder . the clock had stopped moving as well , and the timer on the toaster had stopped it s countdown , but soon enough the footsteps were followed by a faint ticking noise . newline newline then i saw her . she was a tall woman  that much was obvious . even though she was slouching , she was a solid seven feet . her face was elongated , and her eyes were comparatively huge to her nose and small mouth . she had bright red hair which followed her almost like she was under water . the woman s arms were long , nearly touching her calves on even longer legs . strangest of all was her attire . the woman wore an illfitting teeshirt which read in big letters  sp4c3 1s gr8 !  and her long jeans slightly covered rubber combat boots . in her hands was an oldfashioned pocket watch . then , the woman spoke . newline newline  ferst day on tha jahb , and eet s uut of ohrder ! for tha past tuu yers , out of ohrder .  newline newline her accent was indistinguishable . it jumped around the former british colonies faster than the postal service , one second bostonian , the next indian . i tried to move or sign , but i was completely paralyzed . she put away her pocketwatch . she produced a pistol and a metal ruler from her teeshirt . she walked slowly around me . i felt the cold metal of the ruler on the side of my head . newline newline  surry aboot thas , mam . me buss ould kil mae eef i diint be duing mae jub .  newline newline then i heard a loud metallic click . the woman walked back into my field of vision . she moved the chair back into a normal position , then stopped and stared at the toaster . newline newline  amezin  stof , thas . weell , beer be uff .  newline newline a blue light surrounded her , and she disappeared . there was a second of absolute silence . then , everything went black . newline newline the next morning , i awoke with a massive headache and a complete lack of hearing . i was in a hospital . a doctor and nurse were conversing , but i could nt hear them . on the wall behind them , there was an xray labeled  injury to temporal lobe , expected loss of hearing .  newlinei looked deep into the pane before , attempting to fully comprehend the true meaning of what lay before me . the chanting that had at one point echoed through the hall had died into a whisper . i gazed into the mirror , and was met with my own piercing eyes staring back at me . or rather , through me . the demon at the gates had promised to show me my soulmate , the one that i would fall in love with . and all that stood before me was my own form . a shiver ran down my spine . the cold realization had dawned on me in a tide of fear , as my mind was filled with a singular and all consuming thought . that fucking pimple was still there . newline i turned around , and began walking back through the hall , the skull shaped sconce s filled with ethereal blue flame illuminated the almost infinitely long hallway in a ghastly light , one not of the mortal realm . the chanting picked up once more , the demoniacal song of a thousand foul souls , that rumbled and reverberated through my skull , causing my anxiety to spike , constricting my very mind . i stopped for a moment , a sign of weakness , to collect myself . and then , unto the wretched choir i spoke   oh shut the fuck up . you are nt scaring anyone ! you re just being a bloody nuisance  . newline the singers , all one thousand of them stopped for a moment , and contemplated my words , mulling them over in their minds in a similar fashion as one would mull over a mouth full of milk that has passed the expiry date . one singer stood before me , apparently being elected as the speaker of the hoard , a conversation that was lost to my mortal ears .  look , mate ,  said the shadowy figure ,  jobs are a bit tight at the moment , and this pays well . i ve got an wife and children , lad . i m sorry , mate , but tough luck  . what a sod . newline i finally reached the end of the hall , and approached the demon of truths . i looked into it s reptilian eyes , those cold amber orbs filled with the secrets of men , women , and dogs that did in fact eat those socks . his cold , icy gaze met mine . we stared at each other for some time before he spoke .  oh buggery , wrong room . you want first one the right . sorry about that , i get so confused you know ? anyways , have a nice time  . newline newline newlineas the president bent down to tie his shoe , the bullet shot past where his head used to be . secret service rushed past him without alerting the president and tackled the assassin . newline newline the president decided that now was a perfect time to announce the public . as he stepped outside to the podium , he slipped while his foot ran from underneath him . his foot , flying wildly , landed a clean kick on a woman who flew back . the syringe full of , what we now know was poison , flew from her hands to the feet of more secret service men who swiftly took her away . newline newline the president apologized for kicking the woman while remaining unaware of how he unintentionally saved his own life . newline newline the president walked towards the podium and spoke . newline newline  my fellow americans , its been two years since i said life would be better if everybody got laid once and again  . and i was right ... since i legalized prostitution and created government sponsored brothels , violent crime as well as rape crime rates have plummeted to all time lows . i ve come here to say thank you for electing me and youre welcome for all the good i ve done this country .  newline newline  thanks obama ...  the crowd says unanimously . diary entry : day 3 . newline newline  war . war never changes . even if it s seige warfare against ghosts holed up in a haunted house . newline newline  what are you writing ?  carey asked , peering over her brother george s shoulder . newline newline  we ve been here a hour , not three days . and that s such a cliche pretentious line . you ve been watching too many war films . i m gon na go get a hot chocolate , do you want one ?  newline newline george hunched over , shielding the page of his diary with one hand .  stop reading my diary , it s private .  newline newline carey straightened and shrugged .  whatever .  newline newline as she walked along the road to the cafe , george continued writing . newline newline  my sister is so annoying and she s ugly and fat and she s got a massive nose she keeps poking in where it does nt belong because she s so boring she s got to find out what other people are writing or she ll die of boredem by herself . newline newline he smirked at his wit , then realised carey had offered to get him a hot chocolate and he d not been paying attention enough to say he d like one . he looked up . carey was walking out of the cafe , a solitary togo cup in her hands . newline newline  damn ,  george said to himself . after a few seconds considering , he wrote the word in his diary . surely if carey read it again she d be compelled to tell mum and dad that he swore in his diary , and then he d know she d read it . a perfect trap . newline newline  i m going to go and talk to them ,  carey said . she was standing behind the barricade  actually an old tressle table mum had used that time she d done the wallpaper in george s bedroom , when he decided pirates and sailing boats was too childish and wanted guitars and drum sets instead . newline newline  you ca nt talke to them , they re scary angry ghosts !  george protested . newline newline carey shrugged .  yeah well maybe the reason they re angry is because everyone treats them like monsters and nobody ever talks to them . maybe they do nt care about uncle john s box at all and are happy for us to have it .  newline newline  well i m staying here , where it s safe ,  george said . he crossed his arms . newline newline  that s fine .  newline newline still holding onto the hot chocolate with both hands  after all , it was cold out and carey had nt brought her gloves  carey stepped over the pasting table and walked up the drive . george watched her from behind the table , clutching his closed diary to his chest . the wind brought a wiff of the hot chocolate to his nose and he regretted again that he d been too focused on carey nosing on his diary to accept her offer of a hot drink . maybe she d give him a sip , if he asked nicely . especially if he acted scared and she felt sorry for him . newline newline george clambered over the pasting table , having more trouble with it since his legs were shorter , and ran after carey . the dark house loomed above them . one of the shutters banged repeatedly . george did nt remember uncle john s house having shutters before , but they did now and one was banging gently in the wind . newline newline  hello ,  carey said to the front door when they reached it .  my name is carey . this is my brother george . we re the neice and nephew of uncle john , who used to live here until he died two weeks ago . is he still here ?  newline newline nothing changed . the shutter continued to bang . the house still looked dark and forbiding . newline newline  we d like to come in , if that s okay with you . uncle john left us a box . he said it was a magical box . it s ours now so we d like to come in and collect it . can we come in please ?  newline newline the lace curtain behind the glass in the door twitched . george jumped and clung to carey s arm . newline newline  it s the ghost ,  george whispered . newline newline the banging shutter fell silent . it was a silence that seemed the stretch , to fill the air around them , as if all other noises had stopped too . not a bird , not a car , not even the sound of the coffee machine in the cafe . newline newline  i think that means we can go in ,  carey said with confidence . she reached towards the door knob . newline newline  no , do nt ,  george said . he pulled on carey s arm , so she had to leg go of the hot chocolate cup with that hand . newline newline  do nt be a scaredy cat ,  said carey .  you re not a stupid little kid anymore . come on , it ll be fine .  newline newline she stepped forward and turned the knob . it caught for a moment , then opened . the door s hinged creaked at the slightest movement as carey slowly pushed the door open . newline newline george clung to her more tightly , and hugged in closer , wrapping both of his arms around her arm . newline newline  oh come on , georgie , half the doors in our house creak too . it just needs oil . when mum gets in here to give the place a proper cleanup , she ll oil every hinge in the house , and get rid of all the dust and the cobwebs and everything . you know what she says about uncle john s approach to housework .  newline newline  the house could fall down around him and he d still say it s just a little mess , and that never hurt anyone .   newline newline  exactly .  newline newline george looked around as they entered the house . there was dust and there were cobwebs , but there always had been . maybe there were nt any ghosts at all , and it had all been a joke uncle john played on them . but the curtain had twitched . there was something in here . newline newline  where s the magic box ?  newline newline  i think it s the box under the coffee table in the lounge that uncle john used to tap when he talked about the old days .  newline newline carey led the way . the lounge was at the back of the house , through the openplan kitchendiningreception room that dominated the ground floor . it faced out onto the neat little garden beyond , but though the windows were large , the room was never very well lit . a tall yew tree in next door s garden blocked a lot of the light , and years  worth of grime build up on the windows , never cleaned since mum gave up trying , kept the rest of the light out . newline newline everything in the lounge was covered in dust , but for a small part of the coffee table , that instead boasted layers of overlapping coffee rings . it was clear from that , and from the dip in one of the sofa cushions , where uncle john prefered to sit . newline newline the curtain to the left of the window blew up . somewhere , a shutter started banging . newline newline  there really is a ghost ,  george whispered . newline newline  hello , it s just us , carey and george . we re here for the box that uncle john left us . we think it s in this room and we re just going to get it and leave again . is that okay ?  newline newline the shutter banged more loudly . newline newline  or we can stay and talk , if you want us to . are you lonely ?  newline newline the curtain lifted a little again , and it felt as though the room got a little colder . george eyed the hot chocolate in carey s hand . there was a smudge of glittery pink around the little sipping hole in the lid , evidence of carey s lipbalm . maybe she d let him take the lid off if he wanted a sip . newline newline  shall i tell you about things that have happened in town recently ?  carey asked . newline newline there seemed to be no response from the ghost . newline newline  well . mrs collins who runs the bakery has got her grand daughter in to help out . she s 18 and just finished school and wants to learn to be a baker . i think her name is ellie , but i ve not met her before . then there s the college . they ve finished demolishing it now and there s a sign up at the front that shows a picture of pretty little houses and says there will be 32 houses and a block of 12 flats on the site .  newline newline the room was getting a little warmer . outside , the sun seemed to have come out , but with the tree and the grime it did nt penetrate easily into uncle john s lounge . newline newline  jason s mum is opening a shop ,  george said , eager to contribute now it seemed that the ghost really was just lonely .  it s going to be where the dvd rental place used to be . she s going to sell things that are good for the planet .  newline newline the curtain lifted a little again , and the room felt brighter and warmer , even if it did seem like there was a breeze . carey squeezed george s hand and smiled at him . newline newline  the council says they re going to build a new bridge . there s too much traffic over the north bridge , and queues every day , so they re going to build a third one that crosses the river upstream of the north bridge , so the north bridge will be the middle bridge after that .  newline newline the shutter stopped banging again . in the kitchendiningreception room the old clock on the wall chimed three oclock . george instictively looked at his watch . it was 3:17 . newline newline  do you think that means we can take the box now ?  george asked . newline newline carey nodded .  i think it does .  to the ghost , she said ,  thank you for letting us into the house . we re going to take the box now . we need to get home before it gets too dark .  newline newline she pulled free of george and handed him the hot chocolate cup .  hold this .  newline newline while carey pulled the box out from under the coffee table , stirring up clouds of dust as she did so , goerge peeled off the lid . the cup was still almost full . he took a sip and put the lid back on , then stood waiting as if he d done nothing while carey lifted the box up . newline newline  okay , you go ahead and hold the doors for me , okay ?  she said . newline newline george nodded eagerly , and held the lounge door open for carey to come through , then rushed ahead to the front door . newline newline as they walked down the drive , back towards the pasting table , the shutter on uncle john s house banged twice and again fell silent . newline newline  goodbye ,  carey called out over her shoulder . newline newline  goodbye ,  george shouted at the ghost . newline newline they had to come back for the pasting table . it took both of them to carry it , and witch carey carrying the magic box and george clutching at his diary with one hand and holding carey s hot chocolate in the other , it needed a second trip . but once they were home and had their coats and shoes off , they opened the box . newline newline  diary entry : it was nt a real magic box . uncle john said it was a real magic box . i thought there d be magic potions and real wands and magic amulets in it , but it was just fake magic . decks of cards and a painted black and white wand and a book about card tricks and stuff . mum says uncle john was a tv magician in the 1960s . i remember him doing tricks when i was a kid , but mum said he had to stop because of his arthritus . and if the magic box was nt real , was the ghost ? maybe it was just the wind banging the shutter and moving the curtain .my life did nt flash before my eyes . newline newline i had no epiphanies , nor any last words . there was just headlights , honking , panic , and then nothing . newline newline after that , though , the last few seconds of my short but promising life replayed . that was very odd , indeed . i hurtled toward tarmac . the experience had a cheap red filter , and was in slowmotion . one word flashed up in my vision : killcam . newline newline after the crash i looked down on my mangled corpse with an inexplicable frustration . a table popped up . newline newline kills : 0 newline newline deaths : 1 newline newline score : 91554 newline newline as i scrolled down , memories of the real world trickled back . humanity was gutwrenching , but i think i d be playing again . maybe some lunch first . newline newline  newline newline rhermionegrangestthe mines were in his blood . jason s father was the foreman and his father before him . jason really did want more , i mean working 1213 hours down in a cramped dark mine was nt a way to live and was nt a death he wanted . he wanted to write , scifi , horror , thriller , romance every genre under the sun he wanted under his pencil  but for now , he had rocks under a pickaxe and possible breathing trouble from breathing in the dust down here . newline newline then there was that shiver he got every time he took the lift up to the surface . every time , exactly three paces from the rusted iron doors that always smelled of sweat and rust every time he would feel a shiver , kind of like a small amount of electricity running up his back . hell , every time someone walked over it he felt it but ignored the feeling because it was just some tick . no one ever said the miners life was a healthy one . newline newline one summer , he decided he d had enough of the cramped , cold spaces of the underground . he quit after his last shift , calling up to the foreman to send down the lift . he knew the routine for the clunky elevator . if you were 30 minutes late on last call then you d have to call for it to come back down . as he waited , the sound of clunking gears and the rattling gate getting closer , the flood lights shut off and the earth shook . jason felt the shivers up his back and in his feet . he looked up , the ceiling was falling in , and he was standing exactly three feet from the lift . newline newline he died after the cave fell into itself , he was the only casualty . eventually they found him , decomposed and under a pile of rocks exactly three paces from the elevator . the mines were in his blood . newline newlinea crisp winter  s morning . newline newline the waking sun throws its first beams over the horizon with an aim that  s second to none . the escaping orange light reaches the target causing the clear mucus seeping from her radiantly rosey nose to glisten in these silent sunrise moments . we stand amongst the fields of wild grasses as they hold onto their morning dew drops . a delicately , yet sudden sniff , and she too has held back the slowly escaping sparkling trail of nasal juice . i offer a tissue , but she declines with   i  m fine . it  s back home now.  newline newline the dawn chorus is gearing up for a crescendo for those brave enough to battle this frosty clear sky morning . i reach out and draw her close to me , her head naturally , almost as if it were designed to , rests perfectly into my shoulder . newline newline we watch the sun rise together . her muscosal fluid leaking down my lapel , reflecting the sparkling morning sun . newline newline just the two of us forever . why are you here ?  newline newline  you do nt know do you ?  newline newline  no ,  i replied .  i have no idea . no one does . we ca nt even find your data record as to why you are here .  newline newline  data record ?  newline newline  yes , on the computer .  newline newline  i suspect we are speaking different languages ,  the man quipped with a smile .  it certainly would explain your strange accent and why it is so hard to understand what you re saying .  newline newline  but ...  newline newline  i am sure there is some file , some document somewhere that would indicate why i am here .  newline newline i was uncomfortable . i queried the isolated prison net again through my implant . it did nt exist . there had nt been paper records of any kind at the prison since ... sixty years ago . everything went paperless then . it was cheaper . more efficient . newline newline  no , there are no records .  newline newline  strange . in that case , any chance you d let me out ? it has been a long time ... .  newline newline  that s not a good idea . if its just a glitch ? how long have you been in here ?  newline newline  well , it was too much to hope for . i ve been incarcerated here since 1897 .  newline newline i looked confused . that was impossible . he could see my confusion . newline newline  but that s more than 150 years !  i could nt keep the incredulity out of my voice . plainly this person was mad . perhaps they had brought someone meant for the mental health facilities on the other side of town . it would explain the lack of records , but not why there d been no food brought to this end of the wing in over a decade ... newline newline  yes , well , it is . i m rather hungry . thank you for bringing me a snack . i m famished .  newline newline now i was really confused . what was he talking about ? newline newline then he leapt . he was on me , stronger than any man i d ever known . i shot a mental call for help across the prison net . other guards were on their way to the little used solitary confinement wing . newline newline he bit into my neck and i felt my mind recede . i was dying . i was ... the last thing i saw under his moldering bed were bones ... a hand ... and ... i was gone .i flipped back  i still had my thumb on the previous page , of course . newline newline if you want to check out the lights over the forest , turn to page 12 . newline to follow the trail of giant ants , turn to page 137 .  newline newline okay . page 137 . newline newline for no reason , you decide you will kill your parents . you sneak into their room in the middle of the night and gently wake them up to you holding a pistol .  why ?  they ask with a confused look . maintaining the perfect poker face , you look them in the eyes and kill them with one headshot each .  newline newline and it was a dead end too , no further page numbers . i guess i m checking out the lights on 12 . newline newline trees gnarl down at you as you approach the forest . your best friend caden runs out of the glowing woods , face as white as a ghost .  turn back ! now !   newline newline to ask caden what he saw , turn to page 14 .  newline to go into the forest anyway , turn to page 137 .  newline newline i closed the book and looked at my daughter .  no more reading after bed time .  newline newline dude . you have been feeding me , housing me , cleaning my messes up ... for like 30 years now . i cant believe you think of yourself as the superior species .  newline sparky tilted his head and looked at me in disbelief . i started to wonder if i was going crazy or if the dog actually did talk to me . newline newline  sparky , we have talked about this . you are not really able to live in a society made by humans . if i were to release you into the wilderness now , you would probably be scared by lightning all the time or simply starve . do you remember the 3legged rabbit you tried to catch ? superior my bottom !  newline newline sparky sniffeled , slowly wagging his tail . out of nowhere , he puked on the carpet and started eating what just came out . newline newline  wohoo , i can even produce my own food !  no ! nonononononono  vlad the indescribable stomped his feet childishly , moving around the room in a huff ,  how did they find the chosen one so quickly ? the one person who could foil all my plans and make it so that i could nt take over the entire world .  newline newline i cut him off ,  the entire world ?  newline newline  literally yes ! do you know how much money is in the entire world ?  newline newline  no..  newline newline  it does nt matter if you own everything  he screamed before lying down on the floor ,  dozens of years of planning down the drain because of some stupid prophecy that somebody wrote while three miles into the bottom of the glass .  newline newline  oh man , i did nt mean to ruin so much by existing .  i sulked over to him , holding out a hand to help him off the ground . newline newline  whatever man , it always happens . every single person that tries to take over the world gets foiled by some sort of chosen one ,  vlad looked down at the floor , keeping his eyes from meeting mine as he took my hand and stood up ,  it s like they just pull them out of thin air or something .  newline newline  look , i really feel bad about this ,  i wrapped an arm around him ,  i ve only been training for three months and you were working on this for years , i do nt feel like that s fair .  newline newline  it s not ,  he reached down and removed the gun from his belt ,  but you re from west philadelphia ,  newline newline i cut him off ,  born and raised . newline newline vlad stopped his moaning for a moment , the gears in his head spinning as he thought over everything he had been told about the chosen one ,  those fuckers ,  he began , shoving me away ,  you re not a chosen one , they thought i would have never watched the fresh prince of bell air ?  newline newline  i do nt think that s how it s spelled .  newline newline  um , how can you tell how i spell things ?  newline newline  no idea .  newline newline  well then why would you ,  he paused ,  do nt change the subject .  newline newline  sorry .  newline newline  look , if the fresh prince is what they were using as the prophecy , then you re just here to trick me into giving up.so that i would nt take over the world , even though there is nt a prophet .  newline newline  i mean , no .  i lied . newline newline  so then ,  he took several steps away from me , returning to his chair across the room and taking a seat , looking back at me with one eyebrow raised ,  let s try this again .  newline newline the lights shut off , the room now only being lit by torchlight , flickering across the imposing form across the room , vlad the indescribable ,  you ve come to challenge me ?  newline newline i did nt respond , i was too busy trying to slip out the back door . perhaps the oddest superhuman ability was that of johnathan banks , known by the moniker squirro . at will banks was able to make himself : newline newline   preternaturally fast , both in movement and reaction time  newline   literally capable of stopping a full speed train as he once did  newline   totally resistant to all known poisons , including several designed to circumvent his resistances  newline   incapable of being destroyed or even harmed via blunt force trauma , lacerations , small arms fire , antitank weaponry , flames , asphyxiation , plasma torches , thermite , dehydration , starvation , liquid nitrogen , liquid oxygen , and even once a smallyield nuclear warhead  these were all attempted at various times   newline newline  however using these abilities left him in a trancelike state , functionally with the mind of a squirrel which responded to the name chubbs . with extreme ingenuity banks was capable of using these powers to save no less than 317 people from death , and several hundred more from dismemberment or less grievous injury . when asked how he was capable of managing the trancestate beforehand  as he was never able to break the trancestate himself  and saving people while entranced , banks only said ,  let s just say it takes a big pair of nuts .  newline newline page 49 , the history of supermen : a legacy of greatness okay , at this point , i ll take anything .  satan sighed . he rubbed his temples furiously to keep himself from smiting every last demon in the room . they were worthless when it came to decision making . newline newline  seriously ,  he shouted into the silent room ,  any idea would be good .  newline newline but the room grew no louder than a nervous hush . satan groaned and moved to flag down lilith , his assistant , when a tiny voice was raised and thrown above the others . newline newline  i have an idea , sir .  newline newline he whirled around to find the owner of the voice was a small , sevenyearold girl , but the demon inside her was centuries older . she flipped a lock of straightened brown hair out of her eyes and smiled nervously . newline newline  why is your vessel a child ?  he asked , not bothering to hide his annoyance . newline newline she glanced down at herself as though she had forgotten what she was wearing .  sorry , sir , you called all demons , and this was the closest vessel i could find .  newline newline  yeah , whatever , kay , what s your sin ?  newline newline she took a deep breath .  treachery .  newline newline  treachery ?  newline newline  yeah ! like , an unfaithful spouse , a majorlybroken promise .  a genuine smile curled onto her lips at the idea , but the look on satan s face wiped it away . newline newline  that s going to be really difficult to set boundaries for .  he said . he did nt sound impressed , but he was happy to have an idea . newline newline she looked around the room cautiously .  well , you said i d be in charge of it , right ? since i came up with the idea ?  newline newline he nodded . newline newline  then let me take care of it .  newline newline satan stared at the demon one final time before nodding , and informing everyone of the new sin . as she turned to go , he grabbed onto her collar and pulled her backwards . newline newline  please , find a new vessel .  he whispered . i m going to hell for this are nt i ?  newline newline it all started in texas ... midland to be precise . of course it did . texas already felt like hell on earth , but nobody was prepared for what would be their end . texans had always prepared for things like chupacabra , but how do you even prepare for something like this ? newline newline when the vampires came , they were staked . newline newline when the werewolves came , we leashed them and created a game show of dog races . newline newline when the zombies rose , we trapped them in a mine pit and blew up the ramp . newline newline but when those ever expanding white tentacles began to grow outward , we were stunned . not even the eyes of a ranger , the ever present stranger could see a way out of the thicket . while it spread outward , it curled up around its victims and trapped them . newline newline if only our 41st president was still alive , the growth would ve been maintained at its source . nay , after years of being untouched it began to spread like wildfire , claiming odessa , then abilene , lubbock , el paso and chihuahua . south by southwest had to be canceled when the hulking mass took over austin . newline newline the chain link fences at the border could nt hold off our doom . the vines grew through the fences , forming an impenetrable barrier that nobody would dare cross . migrants began heading south to peru , hiding high in the mountains where barbara bush s beastly bush could never get to them . newline newlinemoses sat with an earthenware cup of wine in his hand . his legs were folded over one another . his brow appeared to be melting into sweat in the sweltering heat , although it was nt actually that hot .  you ... sent lice ?  newline newline a booming voice broke through the chamber , rattling the furnishings and causing the wine to resonate in its cup . the resonance was not unlike the pure and innocent hymns sung by choirchildren . moses  ears were deafened , his streaks of greyed hair lost all their colour .  kind of , just a little bit , really .  newline newline  why would you send lice ?  he scratched at his scalp . newline newline  bear with me , mosey boy .  the voice thundered , moses nodded . the colour started to seep back into his hair . really there was only one voice who s reasoning was worth being listened to , and that was a very specific situation . this was a very specific situation .  you , see . i do nt throw down the plagues myself .  newline newline this came as a bit of a revelation .  what ? there s another g  newline newline  hey ! i told you not to use the gword . be civil . the angels get a little touchy when you discriminate .  the boom quietened to that of a mountain collapsing into an orchestra .  would nt want a repeat of lucy .  newline newline moses nodded . moses sipped from his cup . newline newline  speaking of angels ,  the great impact of the sound came roaring back , splattering wine across moses  dried cheeks . he performed a cross between a grin and a scowl , and used the prominence of his now risen dimples to wipe off the bloodred juice .  they re the ones i told to send down the plagues .  newline newline his hand stopped midcheekrub .  ... why ?  newline newline  look , i have other things to do . there s not that much time to handle all of time , okay ? take it with a grain of salt .  moses found his hair once again shot backwards at the rapidfire speech . it did clean some of the wine , though clean off his face . newline newline  regardless , they kind of mixed up the order .  newline newline  mixed ?  newline newline  yes ... jumbled , confused , erred . call it a glitch in the machine , a spanner in the works .  newline newline moses blinked , he had nt readied his scrawling tablet for a sermon of commandments .  myshins ?  he rolled out the words . newline newline  oh yes , yes . you re not at that stage of development yet .  the words fumbled in the air , sending currents whirring around .  look , some of them got sent before they should have been .  newline newline  them ? the pl  newline newline  the plagues . they were supposed to teach humans , your people , about scientific progression and how to care for animals and whatnot . in all honesty , my boy , i wanted to show off the cool new stuff i d made .  newline newline he sipped again , this time he did nt move his head back down . the ceiling was rather pretty , and understanding .  but ... we know that . well , knew .  newline newline  yes , i know . the livestock were supposed to rot before the flies ran by . then the frogs would have come and gobbled up the flies .  newline newline a twinge somewhere on his scalp .  what about the lice ?  newline newline the voice broke into a nervous chuckle , sounding like a whale with a whooping cough .  the angels may have mistook rice for lice .  newline newline  rice ? !  he scratched . newline newline  a thank you gift for looking at my show ! it was an honest present , honest ! i swear on myself !  newline newline  people s faces started exploding because of those !  he shouted . newline newline  no , those were boils ! i made those !  the voice explained . newline newline  why !  moses  voice had found a suitable level of decibels to occupy , and it did nt feel like coming down . newline newline  to get rid of the lice !  newline newline  it did nt bloody work !  newline newline  i know !  it thundered . the walls shook at the crash of sound . a boom , much like the voice , shot through the night air . but it was far off .  look what you ve made me do !  rain began to slap onto the ground outside .  really , i should nt be getting all hot and bothered over this .  a sizzling crack of pure white light blinded the world outside moses  window . he reasoned that there would have been screaming , had mouths not been covered in boils . newline newline the voice exhaled a gust of breath , the wind shot in through the window and pelted moses  backside . a few stray globs fell into the cup . moses  face twisted into one of scorn .  you ve ruined my evening drink too ! what else ?  newline newline there was a contemplative pause in the rainstorm , the wind stopped ramming down into the ground . after a while it began again , with the voice in tow .  you realise that i sent a first plague as a test , yes ?  newline newline  the livestock again ? have nt you hurt us enough ?  newline newline  no , before that . it was to make you pay attention to your livestock when they started rotting .  the voice alternated between sternness and hesitance .  the river , moses . the river .  newline newline moses took another sip of the thick red liquid in his cup .  what about it ?  newline newline white light flashed again , closer now . years from now , after the terrible plagues had passed , moses swore he saw the thunderbolt illuminate the rain in the shape of a frown .  look , do nt worry anymore . i ll be handling the other plagues myself .  newline newline  ... other ?  newline newline  did they not give you the memo ? you thought there were seven plagues ?  faint buzzing filled the air . a cacophony of tiny wingbeats in descent from on high . newline newline  ... yes .  the drone of the insects grew louder . newline newline  oh me ...  newline newline   newline newline edit : some grammar , some typos , some rewording . call it divine meddling .  newline personally , i  m still surprised the church is opposed ,  said dr. abbot in an off hand manner that seemed distracted . newline newline  the catholic church feels that removing the temptation of sin will destroy any possibility of redemption ,  an old black man with white hair wrapped around the sides of his head said .  redemption is only  newline newline a sharp snicker sliced the sentence from his mouth .  don  t be nave dr. thurman.  the remark caught the father off guard and he turned his head towards the speaker , the  honorable  mr. leonard .  just because they sent you here as their representative doesn  t mean you have to be their puppet.  his thin rimmed glasses hung low on the man  s long nose and the pretentious look he gave over them would rival any . newline newline father thurman let out a long sigh before he responded ,  i do not take kindly to that accusation mr. leonard . i am here , the same as you . we have a decision to make and it will not be made , by slanderous statements . the lord has  newline newline  that would be where we differ dr. thurman . i don  t think there is a decision to be made . we have the chance here to eliminate sin ! not just the fluffy kind that gets children a slap on the wrist but real sin that makes men steal from grandmothers and rape children and serial killers ! we can get rid of serial killers . what kind of decision is there to make ,  he asked with animation . newline newline  please restrain your comments congressmen ,  dr. abbot interjected . newline newline  no . i can tolerate people making life choices based on religion and living their own lives . whatever . but this is inexcusable . you want to hold on to the evils of the world just so you and your church can keep your grip on the lives of the weak minded . you all want you big slice of power and you  ll be damned if we stop your flow of pilgrims and donations for  newline newline  congressman ,  she shouted .  that is quite enough.  he relaxed , tapping a pen lightly on the table in front of him , pouting like a scolded child . no one spoke for some time . the twelfth hour of the ninth day of the hearings had long since passed , and no decision had been made . newline newline dr. whalen , a short , thin man with short black hair and a round face stood up from his seat . with the full attention of the room , he walked over to the ravaged catering table and poured himself another cup of coffee . newline newline  i would advise against another cup , julius . i imagine everyone in this room is nearing the lethal dosage of caffeine ,  said one of the members , eliciting a small chuckle from the rest . newline newline dr. whalen spoke with ease from behind his steaming mug .  so the consensus , i believe , is four in favor , four opposed , and one undecided . am i correct ?  newline newline  twentyseven votes dr. whalen , do you really need to ask that ,  said mr. leonard . newline newline  no , but i did . father thurman is , of course , opposed on religious grounds . dr. lee fears the psychological implications . and mr. cook and dr. goodman are opposed on economic reasons.  newline newline  please doctor . you sell our reasoning short ,  mr. cook responded .  this decision could and would eliminate 450 million jobs globally . no more sin means no more crime which means no more police . no more security guards . no more crime means no more knife and gun wounds so hospitals become ghost towns . no more crime means no more lawyers and judges . these skills are not transferable . then there are the millions of people who will stop pushing the bounds of the stock market and investment if they are not pushed by greed . investment plummets . growth stagnates and the future of our global economy is uncertain.  newline newline mr. leonard stood up from his seat and cursed under his breath . after a few paces behind his seat ,  these people won  t be unemployed tomorrow . it will take fifty years , by the doctor  best estimations , to implement this technology globally . we can fade down these professions . there won  t be any soup lines of doctors , nurses , and cops.  newline newline  i represent these people  newline newline  you represent no one . we here represent all of humanity.  mr. leonard stormed out of the conference room and his last shout echoed through the corridor ,  look at the greater good you closed minded fools !  dr. lee visibly shuttered in her seat . the only noise now was dr. whalen sipping on his coffee . newline newline silence , like this , is one of the hardest things in the world to describe because one is , in effect , describing nothing . this quiet wasn  t awkward since no one felt compelled to fill it out of some social necessity . it wasn  t enlightening because after nine days of rigorous debate , not one mind in this room was near conceding to the other side . even god himself would convince the good father . it wasn  t romantic , there was enough hatred and anger swimming around in this room to boil a dozen eggs . the silence wasn  t serene , not in the least . perhaps this was just regular plain old silence , the kind that comes when words have exhausted themselves . newline newline dr. whalen spoke at last ,  he is right . as much as he has been wrong , he is right . this project is my only child . dr. abbot and i have been working on it since the 90  s . we thought we would change the world . we had grand fantasies of peace , and compassion between man . maybe one day . i see this is not as simple as eliminating sin , we first have to defeat it.  newline  newline commentscritiquessuggestions welcome newlinethey were dead , and it was my fault . please , you must allow me to explain how i came to be in a room with a pile of bodies . bodies of my , my loved ones . it s weird , i ve lost that feeling , that connection to them . loved ones  seemed unfitting , they were just people i used to know now . i digress , allow me to begin again . newline newline eighteen years ago i was born with normal coloured eyes just as everyone else always had been . it was always like that . it took eighteen years to come into your power , and that s when your eyes changed . a plethora of powers in the spectrum of colours , and i could nt be more excited to come into my own . newline newline my awaited day came not twelve hours ago . however , they had yet to change . the powers came at the exact minute you see , and i was born near midnight . i thought i was unlucky , having to wait so long into my birthday to find out . newline damn was i wrong . i was the luckiest bright eyes alive . newline newline the party was going great , a large countdown clock set up by my father and his brothers hung against the wall , family from everywhere came to visit , as did friends and closer neighbors , even my fourth grade teacher made an appearance . i watched the seconds tick down with a building sense of excitement , what would they change to ? blue ? orange ? i could even deal with pink despite the downsides . i did nt care at this point i just wanted something . newline only a few seconds remained and the room s volume had diminished . voices now merely hushed whispers . newline newline ten seconds left and the room seemed to slow down . the clock had stopped and no one was moving . amid the crowd i saw him . a man covered in an evermoving cloak . a wind seemed to blow on him that failed to acknowledge anyone else in the room . he stepped towards me at a slow pace , it was more menacing than anything i had ever witnessed . as he approached there was presence around him . it filled me with apathy . he could have killed me right there and i do nt think i would have cared all that much . newline newline  so you re the next one .  his voice resounded in a thousand whispers . i merely stared unable to blink , let alone speak . newline  not to worry , i ll do the talking  he said in response to my silence . after his menacing entrance he seemed to be winding down in grandiosity . his cloak no longer bellowed out behind him , his voice seemed to become less an army of whispers and more a hush of an old man . the apathy i felt also seemed to be replaced with my own emotions of confusion . newline newline  i wo nt expect you to understand until it happens  he took a chair and sat down . the man hunched as if he were a hundred years old , though he looked no older than thirty five .  i suppose there is no beating around the bush on this subject .  he gave a thoughtful pause  i m death , happy birthday .  while shadows covered the upper half of his face , he flashed a genuine smile , white teeth shone amidst the darkness . newline newline  are ... are you here to kill me then ?  i had finally found my voice , though anything more would have been too much to ask of my body , now wracked with fear and an ever growing confusion . newline newline a low chuckle came from the man , he seemed a bit older at further inspection . newline  i suppose that s a valid question . no , i m here to die  he ripped the shadows that had been woven into his cloak into nothingness , a man that looked to be in his mid sixties now sat where a young man once did . he looked up and his eyes were perfectly black . nothing seemed to escape them .  i ve been doing this job for some time now , and now that you ve come around , my retirement time has finally arrived .  he stood , now looking ancient , he stepped towards me slowly . once he arrived in front of me he turned to face the crowd of frozen individuals . he gave a thoughtful nod ,  do nt feel too bad about them , it stops hurting once you get into the swing of things .  he turned back and his eyes seemed to be apologetic . before i could speak he was gone , a flash of black dust scattered about in front of me . the resounding countdown of my family had picked back up in furthest reaches of my senses . newline newline three . what had i just witnessed ? two . what did he mean ? one . what was with all this dust ? newline zero . newline newline all at once the cloud rushed into me , i felt it hit my chest like a baseball bat . i doubled over from the pain . it flowed under my skin and crawled up my body to my eyes , trying to escape . the colour of my eyes began to change . the once blue steelygrey now blackened over . the excess dust coalesced around me forming an ever flowing cloak . as i stood up straight again i locked eyes with the crowd . there was a look of shock and horror in them . and then , there was nothing . one by one the people that i was once close with fell over dead . a pang of sadness was immediately washed away by darkness . i felt nothing . i was removed from the world . i was the man with the black eyes . i was death . newline newline  i ve never really written anything before , so this is probably not the best . i m also on a phone , so i ll reformat it when i get to a computer . be gentle , but tell me if its shit ! jqiqe pchartrphal sidled through the tavern , doing his best to not brush up against anything  or anyone . he d never dreamed that he d be forced to set foot in a place like this , a place so disreputable , a place filled with such ... undesirables . newline newline even shrinking down his tall frame , however , drawing in the slender limbs of his exoskeleton , he knew that he attracted attention . after all , he was a ptchar , and they held a definitive place in the social strata . even these bottom feeders , these commoners , these mercenaries , understood the high status that he carried on his ornately engraved shoulder pauldrons . newline newline given the choice , jqiqe would never have come here . newline newline but he no longer had any other options , and he knew it . tension settled on his mind like an everpresent weight , like standing in the gravity well of a massive gas giant . newline newline he stepped up to the bar , managing to squeeze himself in between the burly shape of a troon and a smaller , furcovered humanoid that jqiqe did nt recognize . the troon s green skin glistened in the dim light of the bar , with thick bristles of hair protruding out here and there , and jqiqe shuddered as he tried to avert his eyes . newline newline the ptchar had a mantra for dealing with other species , lesser species , lower species . true standing means standing high in the eyes of all . even these lower species respected the ptchar because of the standing that they commanded , and they earned that standing through their actions and treatment of other races . newline newline distasteful as it might prove . and he , after all , had no other choice but to be here . newline newline finally , after what felt like an eternity , the bartender sidled down to jqiqe .  well , well , well ,  he rasped , drawing out the words .  a ptchar , is it ? do i need to bow , your highness ?  newline newline thankfully , jqiqe s translator unit was top of the line , and he understood the sarcasm .  i intend no disrespect ,  he stated , choosing his words automatically as he relied on many solar cycles of training .  i am here to seek a particular companion , one that i have never met  although heard much talk of . perhaps you can help ?  newline newline the bartender s compound eyes shifted , but jqiqe understood this part of gathering information . slipping his smallhand into one of the pouches about his waist , he drew out a flexible plastic chit , placing it on the bar . although appearing opaquely white on the surface , the chit glittered from the complex electronic circuits contained inside . newline newline  and i am more than happy to recompense you for such information ,  he added , as politely as he could manage . newline newline the bartender s eyes twitched as the many lenses focused on that chit . it was an interesting question , in a universe populated by such a wealth of resources and so many different species , what might be used for currency . some species attempted to stick to ridiculously backwater standards of gold or other precious metals , but those standards inevitably failed . how could one regulate gold as a currency , when all it took was one hexameltech star converter to turn out a nearly unlimited supply ? newline newline the answer , of course , proved to be surprisingly simple . true ai might be banned across the stars , but all races depended upon powerful computers to guide their ships , to run the mindbogglingly complex equations to determine value of various goods , to connect to the stellar network . those computers required processors , chips to perform billions of logical flips per second . newline newline those computer chips , their nanoarchitecture all but impossible to create for all except the most advanced species , became the perfect unit of currency . newline newline jqiqe made sure that , when he set the chit down on the counter , the serial number faced the bartender . it was nt the newest model , certainly not as uptodate as the chips in his own ship s computer , but still quite recent . that single chit was likely worth enough to buy this entire bar . newline newline  who re you looking for ?  the bartender asked , his eyes not leaving the chit . newline newline jqiqe chose his words carefully as he answered .  a mercenary ,  he said .  the best one .  and then he did the hardest thing for any sentient to do , especially when collapsing under a mountain of stress , weighing down his thoughts like iron . newline newline he waited . newline newline for a long time , the bartender just looked at him . jqiqe had never truly mastered the art of reading faces with compound eyes  he d trained on watching pupils , which the bartender simply did nt possess . but he waited , fighting back desperately against the fear that crept higher and higher in his sternum . newline newline and then , finally , he won the battle . the bartender , perhaps realizing that he could nt keep his other customers waiting , lifted one of his four thick limbs to point down the bar , towards the back corner . newline newline  over there ,  he said , shrugging his shoulders . the shrug had , perhaps , become the most widely spread and universally understood action in the galaxy .  she s the one playing some game , with the clank .  newline newline a female ? jqiqe admitted that it made some sense . in many species , the females proved dominant , larger and more bloodthirsty than their counterparts . he nodded and moved away , leaving the chit behind him on the counter . it vanished in an instant as the bartender snatched it up . newline newline he headed deeper into the bar , casting his eyes over the tables . he passed another couple of troons , laughing as they grunted back and forth and sloshed drink into their mouths and down their massively muscled chests . more of those short , furry humanoids  they resembled a pest species from jqiqe s own planet , although he tried to suppress that thought . they chattered in highpitched tones as they leapt about animatedly . newline newline and then , at the back of the bar , he spotted her . newline newline his first impression was surprise , consternation . the bartender must have been lying , making some sort of joke that his translating unit did nt catch ! the two mismatched individuals peering down at a board of carved pieces looked like the least intimidating patrons of the bar , by far . newline newline he focused on the female , first . human , he knew . relatively recent arrivals to the galactic stage , but they spread quickly , driven by their curiosity , natural trading ability , and adaptability . they were strangely willing to risk themselves in dangerous environments , trusting cobbledtogether suits and technology to protect their fragile bodies . although this led to a high rate of mortality , they also secured many dangerous jobs where other species balked , and sometimes even managed to earn decent coin . newline newline but the mercenary he d come to hire , the one on which he d pinned all his hopes ... was human ? jqiqe felt despair rising in his thorax , but tried to fight it down . focus on the details . newline newline she was young , he deduced , recalling his limited experience with human biology . he d traded with them before , and they accumulated lines on their soft skin as they aged . this one had to be quite young , barely out of adolescence , judging from her lack of lines . her rubbery , expressive face was set in a frown of concentration as she peered down at the board in front of her . newline newline and opposite from her ... jqiqe s lung flaps fluttered in surprise .  a clank ,  the bartender had said . jqiqe assumed that he meant some sort of gaming automaton . but this one looked far more advanced , a massive , towering sixlimbed beast of metal . a cyborg of some sort ? a rogue ai , even ? surely not  the other patrons would have torn it apart were that the case . it had to be some sort of programmed companion , perhaps a minder or nanny for the young human . newline newline as he watched , trying to make sense of this , the young human reached out . with delicately soft fingers , she lifted a piece from its square on the board and advanced it two steps , placing it down .  check ,  she announced . newline newline jqiqe recognized the game . chess , an ancient human simulation of combat . the rules were arcane , but the overall strategy was fairly simple . computers solved every outcome within weeks of learning the rules . newline newline surely , the young human  girl , he remembered , that was the proper term  was nt playing against an ai companion . not at a game like chess , where she d stand no chance of winning . he took one more step forward , clicking his limbs to announce his presence . newline newline she had to have realized he was there , but she just held up one finger , not even turning her flat face towards him .  a moment ,  she said brightly .  i want to see how the turk responds .  newline newline the turk ? her robot companion ? jqiqe did nt have time for this .  please ,  he said .  are you the mercenary i sought to hire ? please , i need your help .  newline newline  yes ,  the girl replied , her eyes still not moving over to him .  i know . very interesting . pull up a seat and wait .  newline newline inside of him , jqiqe felt anger suddenly blossom . she tried to put him off ? he , a ptchar , who d reached out expressly to her ? why , he could crush her without a second thought newline newline the clank  turk , she d called it  reached out and picked up a piece , moving it forward to block the advance of its opponent on the board .  mate in three ,  it said in a monotone . newline newline the girl , surprisingly , laughed .  sure , but you ve been saying that for eight moves now ,  she said , flashing small teeth . newline newline  perhaps if you obeyed the rules  newline newline  but where would the fun be in that ?  the girl laughed again , a soft tinkle , and then turned suddenly to jqiqe .  so ,  she said , and waited . newline newline it was his cue .  i am jqiqe pchartrphal , and i come to you in desperate times ,  jqiqe began .  i seek to hire you for  newline newline  yes , i know .  she looked at him , small bright eyes taking in his tall and slender figure .  a ptchar . interesting . pull up a seat , jack , and let s talk .  newline newline jqiqe decided to let the butchering of his name slip by . he needed her , plain and simple . he took a chair and sat down next to the young human and her metal companion , praying that they d be able to help him , and began to talk .i was driving back home and truly felt the weight of the day . i felt so on edge , but i could never tell why . it s been an off and on looming cloud that casts its shadow over me every so often for the past few weeks . not sure what s causing it , but i could wager the recent loss of amelia has a significant impact . newline newline we were nt particularly close , but after i came to the realization that she would forever be the first face i saw when i died , she became an unknowing beacon  a symbol of rebirth , some sort of colorful burst in a grey world . the splash of color bled into everything around her , so even though we grew apart , i would always look to her for hope . newline newline her passing was nt 3 weeks ago . it was actually 17 days and 4 hours ago . it was a sunday , midday so that i d be denied the chance to pass by her in the deli that one last time . it was nt planned , we just always happened to restock for the week around then . i doubt she even remembered me , but i ll be damned if the perfect radiance did nt leave me hypnotized , enraptured by the beauty life could actually hold . newline newline it s hard to want life anymore . no more beauty in it without that euphoric baptism . i guess the fact that it ends is what gives it value . that can be said for a lot of things , but with her , it meant so much more . as my mind wandered , suddenly , it ran out . newline newline the impact was an eternity . i could trace every detail of it if i only had a blank canvas and the details i picked out in the instant it happened . the blurred trees flashing out of my view while i raced by them . the pavement with the crisp paint dividing lanes . the oncoming car , bridging that divide . it would seem the driver was more lost in thought than i was , that or drunk . for every minutia i could map out perfectly , there was no information to call on for what could have been the force pushing that car into mine . newline newline in the impact of the crash of this magnitude , one may expect to find a sudden review of one s own life . a flood of memories reflecting on yourself leading up to the moment you fade away . in my case , though , i knew already i would nt fade . instead i was rushed with the thoughts of amelia . being with her again . was that really the case ? is it the same her ? i could never follow the amelia i lost , but even still , she was nt the amelia i once had . seeing her , the effective light of my world , i ought to be overjoyed . but the best way i could describe it is conflicted . newline newline the crash , though it felt like an eternity as it was emblazened in my memories , was still over so soon . and i would miss it . even though it was nt happiness , or even a good feeling at all , what i felt as my 17 day numbness was abruptly cut short to make way for this feeling . the feeling of the pit in my chest that weighed me down always , that only swelled with the loss , finally bursting was overwhelming . the rush of feeling threw my body forward , and i gasped loudly , startling the passenger in the back seat next to me . newline newline  it s okay ! we stopped , we re okay ,  amelia breathed . newline newline she seemed to be talking , not to only me , but herself and the driver as well . i stared at her , my emotions in a ruined aftermath from the events she could never know . i knew how this went , but i could never feel right when it happened . the pit slowly reformed . newline newline her mom , pam , turned to us to check if what she said was true . she could nt bear to lose her daughter , and would surely find it difficult to relay any injuries to my parents should i be injured . newline newline  yes ? you re both good ? are you sure ?  newline newline  yes mom ! danny just lost his breath . we re fine .  newline newline she stared me down . i had lost all pressure in my chest , but not from what they believe . just the same , i could nt speak . i nodded fervently , just wanting to sit in silence a moment . newline newline pam seemed to accept this as her tension visibly faded and she returned to looking forward . i kept from glancing forward , as i knew exactly what was there . i had lived it , the first time around . newline newline  well thankfully that was nt us , but i need to go call for help . you two sit right here , okay ? i ll be right back .  newline newline amelia nodded , i was frozen . it did nt matter , pam did nt even turn to see before swinging open the door and jaunting up to the wreck ahead of us . newline newline  that s so scary . we were so close to being them !  amy called out , pointing forward . i still refused to look . newline newline i knew already , anyways . the car is mangled . anyone inside killed on impact . the car turning in front of them is undriveable , but the driver will walk away . it was just thrown out of the way as it deflected the car that was ahead of us into the tree just past the intersection , driver side first . newline newline pam has a habit of speeding , she could hardly brake at the intersection when it was the other car . she drives slower for about a month following this , but once the shock wears off , she s back at it . nothing much ever comes of it anyways from what i remember of the last times i ve been here . it s been 12 years since the last time , 9 more to the time before that . i do nt remember the times before , but i know i ve been back 4 or 5 times , 5 or 6 counting the first . newline newline the first time , when that other car was us , i had the best chance of survival between us all , and i still had no chance . the car wraps partially around the tree as the car is redirected off the roadway and it slides across the mud . the other car now reflects that first time , but ever since we ve had to watch it . i did nt know the person that takes our place , but it s still never easy to see . newline newline  danny ! talk to me ! what happens now ! ?  newline newline i still could nt breath , but i had to squeak out something . i never meant to , but i always said the same thing . newline newline  i do nt know .  newline newline it was a lie . it was always a lie , save for the first time . or rather , the second  the first ended with the crash . newline newline  do you think they re okay ?  newline newline to this , my reply would never be the same . everything i ve tried just incites panic , and silence leads to more coercing until i finally yield . newline newline  no . i really want to think they are , but i really  i choke on my words . i want to comfort her . this is when the her light shines dimmest . it s when i need to inspire her the most , and my world is the darkest , at least until i lost her .  i do nt want to think about this . let s just wait for your mom , she ll know .  newline newline  i m not just going to wait , i need to find out , i m going to  newline newline i grabbed her arm and snapped ,  do nt go out there ! you ve already seen enough of the mess , if you go look for answers , you re going to hate it if they re bad ones . your mom will be back soon , and we can just get out of here .  newline newline in a way , it was so much easier to just tell her what she wanted to hear . she does nt accept it , of course , but at least she accepts it until pam comes back . newline newline she pulled against my arm . newline newline  i m going to go look . you do nt know , maybe they re alright !  newline newline she broke out of my grasp and flung the door open . it s probably better if i follow , if i at least try to stop her . just hearing the news she breaks down , but seeing the wreckage up close , she wo nt be able to handle it . newline newline i ca nt follow , though . i m dazed . my world s dim light is dimmer , and further away . it s as if she s dead all over again . i just want to die , for real . the first time i did nt i was so grateful . so happy the crash was just a dream , that i survived , that it was the car ahead of us . after that , i questioned it . when could this end ? then i learned . it does nt . i m stuck . i at least used to think about all the time i could spend with amelia again . she eventually grows apart , but at least she was there . but now i know . 12 years is all i get . assuming everything goes how it has before . newline newline i ve never had to face this before . i thought it was infinite . i thought i would live , knowing she heals , knowing she s off and happy and brushing by in the market on sundays . but now i have to go every day knowing not only that if i die , i live this all over again , that i watch her suffer all over again , but also that i do nt have her forever . that one day , in 12 years , for as long after as i live , i am forced to choose . to either live without her for as long as i may , or to decide to see her in this pain again newline newline a shriek from outside penetrates my thoughts . how could i ever choose this ? how can i bear this , knowing that even if i choose to live , this is what awaits me . newline newline amelia s shriek was only followed by her sobs . the rest of the world was tuned out , such that her sobs overtook me . her pain , her sorrow , i will find a way to never have to come back here . to see her go , 12 years from now . to follow , not to return here , but to fade just as her beautiful aura does . i will go with her . this her , and not hope that when it all resets , the next her will be the same .what the fuck do you think you  re doing ? newline newline newline there was a slight hesitancy to his response : i  m uh , well i  m eating a carrot . newline newline newline holy mother of god that is the most disgusting thing i  ve ever seen in my entire goddamn life . i  ve been on the front lines of innumerable battles , and nothing has ever made my stomach churn like it did just this moment ! newline newline newline once again , there was a slight hesitancy to his response : well , uh , i mean , i  m pretty hungry and this field is full of carrots . newline newline newline yes we know this entire field is full of carrots , do you think this entire battalion is full of goddamn imbeciles ? it  s just that no one in their right mind looked down at the ground and thought : huh well i  m gon na pull this sentient being , with its long cultural heritage . with its family , its life ahead of it , and take a bite out of its goddamn head ! newline newline newline there was a long pause : uh , well i mean , hmm . i didn  t know that . i mean on earth they  re just vegetables . newline newline newline of course they  re just vegetables ! but that doesn  t mean they don  t fall under the intergalactic conventions for wartime conduct . they have struggled long enough getting their name out of the gutter , we can  t just go around chomping off their heads ! we can  t afford new enemies at this point ! newline newline newline he looked at the ground with equal parts remorse and incredulity . dropping the corpse of the recently decapitated community leader , the orange bodied , vitamin a certified father of three . a pause so long that this time he was interrupted before he could get a word out . newline newline newline alright boys , let  s leave this sick fuck behind to dwell on his war crimes . we  re off for some good ol  wholesome rape and pillaging ! c  mon ! newlinefinally free , she closed her eyes and drew in a breath of clean air . it had been a long time since she d been outside of the city , a long time since she d felt the sunshine while a fragrant breeze tugged at her hair . the cornfield in front of her waved with kneehigh stalks . newline newline  you re back .  newline newline she drew in a breath and wrapped her arms around her waist . for a moment , she wanted to run away and pretend that she had nt heard him . but she could nt will her feet to move . she nodded instead . newline newline  does this mean we re finally going to plan the wedding ?  he asked quietly . soft footsteps came closer to her . newline newline  do i have a choice ?  the lead in her chest told her that she wanted him to say she did . newline newline he sighed .  you always had a choice .  newline newline no , no she did nt . she d fled to the city to escape her obligations , to see if her life would be different . instead , it had become a cage that was just as oppressive as the one she d left . when she d lost her job yesterday , she knew she had to return to the farm . she had to fulfill her promise . she d foolishly made the vow to marry rick if she ever returned , assuming she would nt fail in the city and have to come back . who knew the man would wait five years for her ? ashamed , she looked down at the muddy ground . no matter how much she d tried to pretend that she did nt want to be here , this felt like home . admitting that to him would mean she was giving up on herself . newline newline  stacy .  newline newline he stood in front of her , his dirty , scuffed boots pointing at her clean ones . newline newline  i failed ,  she murmured past the lump in her throat .  i did nt want to come back . i wanted to stay in chicago . i lost my job .  newline newline his hand came into view , palmup , calloused , and expectant .  is marrying me that bad ?  newline newline no , it would nt be . she still loved him and always would . he was her hero , her first love , her first kiss , her first everything . but taking his hand meant that she was handing in her dreams of making it in the city and having her own life for a life filled with dirt and corn and small town living . for that reason alone , she d never wanted to see him again . newline newline the hand fell out of view and he stuffed it into the pocket of his overalls .  i m sorry ,  he said hoarsely .  i wo nt hold you to your promise if you do nt want to go through with it .  newline newline his boots sunk into the mud , making slurping sounds as he walked towards the edge of the field . newline newline her gaze swung to his back and she took in the the lean lines of his body  the worn jeans and light flannel shirt . his hair peeked out from under his hat and curled at his collar . he was so familiar , so beloved . and agreeing to marry him illustrated her failure . newline newline  i still love you ,  she said loudly , her heart breaking but knowing she had to make a decision . she d hurt him enough by ignoring his letters , avoiding him every time he came to chicago with some lame excuse to meet up with her . she knew that if she d seen him , she would nt have been able to stay away . newline newline  do you ?  the boy she left had become a proud man and she was battering his pride . newline newline she walked towards him , stopping when she reached his side . her own pride had nothing to do with him . he did nt cause her to fail . he gave her space and waited patiently for five years . newline newline stacy held out her hand and turned to him , allowing herself to look at him and fall in love all over again . she knew that it would happen . when he did nt move she tugged on his arm and removed his hand from his pocket , lacing her fingers with his . newline newline  i do ,  she replied . all her hopes and dreams had been in this man s hands , knowing that if she failed , he d be there for her . the sense of freedom she felt when she d first set foot in the field suddenly made sense .  and i ll marry you .  newline newline rick finally turned his face to her .  in a cornfield ?  newline newline in his own way , he d forgiven her . because he did love her . a laugh bubbled up as she felt the relief .  i ll marry you in a cornfield .  newline newline  in mudboots .  now his mouth turned up on one side . newline newline  i ll marry you in a cornfield in mudboots ,  she agreed , smiling up at him as he took her into his arms . newline newline  next week .  newline newline  you re pushing it , baby .  then he kissed her . oh boy  fine . i ll marry you in a cornfield , in mudboots , next week .  newline newline he held her close , his mouth by her ear .  and the week after , we can move to chicago so both our dreams will come true . her blonde hair was in a ponytail as she smiled at her husband that night at 8:30 . her husband looked at her hair in a noticeable disdain . newline newline she untied her hair and made sure it shined in the afternoon sun . newline newline her husband loved how sexy his wife looked when her hair was down , making him thankful that it was so late . newline  so ... .  she said looking at her hair and nodding  what do you think we should do later ?  newline newline  i m gon na fill you up with so much white stuff it ll look like you have milk coming out your nose .  he said while leaning forward and smiling . newline newline his wife s mouth was left open at the confusing line . it was so quiet that you could her the dog barking outside . newline newline  it ll be something that i do nt think i can handle .  he said while leaning forward and smiling . his wife blushed and giggled as she could sorta make out the dog barking outside . newline newline  did you like what i cooked for you ?  she asked in a chipper voice . newline newline  oh ! i have nt tried it yet .  he responded . he took some of the spaghetti and clamped his mouth on it . newline newline he shuddered . newline newline they both stared at each other . newline newline  oh ! i have nt tried it yet .  he responded . he looked at the spaghetti in a grim fashion , and clamped his mouth on it . he was surprised to find that the spaghetti was much better this time around . newline newline  wha ... .uh ... .i did nt expect this to be so good .  he said . newline newline  yeah well i made sure to put a lot of salt on it thi ... ..yeah .  she said . newline newline before he could wonder how it was suddenly good , he heard a familiar cry . newline newline the baby . newline newline  ugh ... .this is why you should have used a better condom , johnny .  newline newline  what ?  heard johnny . newline newline  i think tina s hungry , ashley .  said johnny mere seconds before he heard the baby start crying . she admired how attentive a father johnny was before walking with him upstairs . newline newline once they got to the crib , they smelled that it was not hunger that was tina s problem . newline newline  change him , john .  newline newline  why do i have to ? i do nt wan na do that even if i go b ... .you re better at it than me anyway !  newline newline  well you would get better at it if you tried ! and why did you pause then ? you keep pausing in the middle of sentences around me like you re hiding something from me ! !  newline newline tina stared at her parents . newline newline  you prepared for the hot date tonight , ash ?  newline newline  you know it john . i hope you do nt mind that its at home tonight . money is money .  said ashley as she checked out her dress . newline newline she noticed that tina was clapping and laughing so much behind her even though nobody was playing with her .snow was nestled in the boughs and bases of the pines newline the wintry air was cold and deathly still . newline trudging through the powdered white of valleys and inclines , newline a solitary hunter stalked to kill . newline newline it seemed so few still lived there in the wasteland of the cold , newline were hibernating or had left for south . newline but as his kind before him had in all the days of old , newline man had come to hunt for hungry mouths . newline newline the snapping of a twig beneath his tattered leather boots , newline sent to the sky a flock of frightened quails . newline scared from the warmth they d sought amongst the hollows of the roots , newline the air was filled with all their desperate wails . newline newline he raised the rifle from his grip and brought it to his eyes , newline as sunrays burst to herald in the dawn . newline foiled by the harsh glare of the coming day s sunrise , newline his chance to bag a kill had come and gone . newline newline as pink and purple threaded through the clouds and on the peaks , newline the foiled hunter headed back for home . newline for he knew well the struggle of the life a hunter ekes , newline in wilderness where luck is rare to roam .the chimera class walker stepped through the barren fields . the war had ravaged this land and not but torn up dirt remained . the war touched not just the land , but the walker as well . one of its six legs dragged across the ground , its hydraulics destroyed . after a day of walking south , away from the clashing armies , the walker came to a halt . newline newline it had been snowing the entire journey , at least two feet of snow rested on the ground . steam rolled off the walker as the snow melted and evaporated . a metal shell topped by a box with viewing windows is what made up the walker . while fully standing from the ground to the top of the walker it was about 100 feet . holes along the side allowed for soldiers to shoot out from . the main gun a large 406mm m2020 , the massive gun was mainly used to down titan class walkers and sometimes to break down walls . today though it would nt be used for anything , the main gun had been hit by a stray high caliber projectile and had destroyed it beyond field repair . newline newline the walker started to lower itself to the ground , this allows the crew to easily access the ground without having to climb down the legs . it got to about half before the broken leg stopped its progress . a hatch opened near the top of the walker and a soldier climbed out . he wore engineers clothing , a beige jumpsuit with oil stains all over . his belt held various tools as well as a hand gun and a few extra magazines . he climbed down the observation box and onto the walkers top surface . the surface was slippery with melting snow and he slipped a bit but made it to the side where the ladder was . the soldier climbed down the side to a small metal ledge , made for engineers to access the leg engines . he leaned over the railing and looked at the broken leg , bent in half and jammed underneath the walker . newline newline the soldier walked down the length of the walkway and to the back . he opened a box along the side , after picking up the phone he spoke . newline newline  god damn henry , its fucking stuck.  the soldier leaned back against the railing .  what do you mean what is ? the fucking leg , what else could i possibly be talking about.  the soldier slammed the phone back onto its holder and closed the box , it must have been broken because it just swung open again . the soldier groaned and leaned to close it again . he walked over to one of the legs and climbed over the railing and onto the leg . it had rungs down the sides to help aid climbing , but it was slippery and hard climbing . it took him a minute to safely climb down . when he got to the ground he was thigh high in deep snow but he shuffled under the walker and yelled up . newline newline  open the fucking hatch please !  the soldier cupped his hands around his mouth as he yelled . right after he finished speaking a small hatch opened and young mans face greeted the soldier . even half way lowered to the ground the hatch was still 30 feet above the ground .  lower the ladder , green.  as he asked the ladder started to lower down to the ground , it stopped short about seven feet off the ground .  wheres the rest ?  the soldier on the ground asked . newline newline  its not meant to be lowered from this high off the ground , that s all there is sir !  the young soldier started to climb down the ladder . when he got to the bottom he hopped off and landed on his back in the snow . he got up and wiped the snow off his jumpsuit , another engineer .  what is the issue ? can we fix it ?  newline newline  can we fucking fix it , can we fix it he asks.  the other soldier mumbled to himself as he walked over to the broken leg . he looked up at it .  do you have knowledge of an allied factory that is around here williams ? because if you do i would be glad to bring this walker over there and let them fix it . here , all we can do is detach the thing and hope we do nt lose another leg.  the soldier climbed up the broken leg and started looking it over . newline newline  what happened ?  williams asked as he walked over . newline newline  a shell hit the leg around here.  the soldier pointed to a damaged portion of the leg .  half a foot up or half a foot down and we would have been okay . the damn thing hit right in a kink in the armor , tore right through to the damn hydraulics . the leg is shot . get up here with me i need some help shedding the armor so we can get the leg detached.  he climbed even further up the leg to the top and reached for one of his tools and began to work on the leg . newline newline williams climbed up the leg to help . he got there just as the other soldier got one of the panels off . he handed it to williams , who tossed it into the snow on the ground .  the tricky part of releasing one of the legs is it takes two engineers . some sort of antitampering mechanic or something . get on the other side of the leg and take off that panel.  he pointed to the other side of the leg . newline newline  got it off sir.  williams said as he tossed the panel aside .  what now ?  newline newline  now the next part is going to be really dangerous . its a last case scenario to take a leg off due to the danger of the releasing.  he climbed over to williams .  this here , this is the release nut . we both have to turn them clockwise . once it cant move anymore you press this lever here and the leg will release . we have it lowered as far as the machine can go so it wont fall away right away , but as soon as you press this lever get the fuck off the leg . we do nt want to be on it when it falls . get off the leg and watch it , if you see it start to lean towards you get out of the way.  he climbed over to his side .  are you ready ?  newline newline  yes sir.  williams replied . newline newline  also , stop calling me sir . i m just an engineer , call me hanson.  hanson told him . newline newline  i m ready , hanson.  newline newline  all right , three . two . one.  they both turned their tools and pressed the lever . immediately after the thing started to fall .  dammit , hold on green !  the leg started to tip away from the walker . luckily the two were not underneath when it landed . they hopped off the leg and into the snow . the walker leaned and corrected itself .  alright . get up that ladder and bring the ladder up . go tell the lead engineer that it s ready to be lowered all the way.  before williams could move an explosion knocked the two soldiers onto the ground . the walker had been hit by a large shell and started to tip to the side , away from the soldiers . the pilot tried to correct itself but being lowered it lost some of its control and fell to the side . newline newline  williams ! were being attacked , get up.  hanson was leaning over williams shaking him .  get up !  he helped williams up and they looked over to the tree line on the hill . soldiers were pouring from the forest . a couple small gorilla class bipod walkers accompanied them .  its a small force , more than we can take though . get behind the walker !  they started to move around the walker and just got around as a few rounds tore through the air . a few seconds slower and they would have been filled with holes . newline newline  henry ! can you hear me ?  hanson yelled into the viewing box . the glass windows had shattered from the fall . newline newline  hanson ! is that you ?  a voice called from inside the walker . a figure climbed out from a window . he was an old man with a blond beard . he wore a gray coat down to his black boots . a holster was just visible at his side , sticking out from the coat . he wore a special helmet signifying his place as captain . it was white with face guards down the side to help protect from shrapnel . newline newline  captain marmonte , is hanson in there ?  hanson asked . newline newline  yea , hes going through the walker trying to help the men.  newline newline  what happened ? i thought the enemy were nt this far south.  newline newline  i guess they were tracking us , damn them . a titan class is over the tree line , we wont have to worry about it , but it shot over the trees and nailed us in our side . i m surprised i survived , it was so loud and hot in there.  the captain brushed snow off his coat . he walked over to the window again and looked inside .  everyone out ! weapons ready ! get on top of this walker and prepare for a fight.  he turned back towards hanson and williams .  what did you see ? how many men ?  newline newline  at least a hundred men , and there we more coming out of the forest . i counted five bipods before i got around the side . they were gorilla class , so quick and not heavily armed . we might be able to fend them off for a bit , but not for long . we need to get out of here . i would say we have about ten minutes before they get down the hill . maybe more , maybe less . the snow is thick.  newline newline  we wont make it , we stay and fight . we are a couple miles from the designated point . they would have heard the explosion from the titan s shot , they are most likely scrambling hunter class this way . i would suspect about half an hour till they get here . if we can hold em off for that long well be golden.  the captain leaned in and shouted .  rifles , three of em . get some extra ammo.  three rifles were handed through the glass and a box of ammo came with them .  take these and get up on the walker . find a spot where you can safely pick soldiers off . start taking shots as soon as you are confident you can hit them . we hold this spot for as long as we can . see that farm house back there ?  he pointed behind them towards a small farm house with a barn in the distance .  that s our fall back point . if shit goes south we retreat to there . ill send some boys over there to start defenses and get them away from the bulk of the fight . we have a lot of greens on board and i do nt want to be responsible for their deaths . i promised you all when we left that id get you all home . now get up there , hurry.  the captain walked around the observation box and got out of sight .fadi had developed a predictable and stable morning pattern partially for her comfort , and partially for those around her . first , she d enjoy a cup of coffee in her sweats . then she d lace up her running shoes and start off on her morning run . newline newline then it was off for more examinations , more scans , and more questions . because that s what happens when your jogging buddy and constant companion is a skeleton . it had been about five years since a pos had joined fadi , and for the last two she and her guardian had been bouncing around institutions around the world . on the plus side , at least she was nt in that hellhole anymore and was getting a rather interesting education . newline newline running , though . that always cleared her mind . at least it usually did when a pos was nt intentionally antagonizing protesters picketing her jogging route . there were all the usual signs covering the usual things . devil child , thou shall not suffer a witch to live . intermixed with them was a taller sign .  thou shall not suffer a sandwich to go uneaten !  fadi s budding laugh turned to a sigh as someone screamed , realizing the hellspawn itself was standing amongst them . newline newline  you should nt do that .  fadi tried to chastise her minion . newline newline  you summoned me and compelled me to keep you safe . i get to do whatever i want outside of that compulsion .  a pos retorted , bones clickclacking as he easily kept pace . newline newline  you re gon na be the death of me , you bag of bones !  newline newline  we all have to die sometime .  if a pos could grin , he would have ,   unless some witch starts crying in a field . i hear that changes things .    https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments52r5qhwptremblingyouclawyourwayoutofthegroundd7n2dlw  i  ve had it !  luke threw a large spanner at nearby vapor condenser .  done , i am done with this farm , this planet , and this stupid moisture farm !  luke  s uncle had jumped back from the outburst . owen had seen luke  s temper become more and more out of control in the last season  this was the third time this week luke had lost control . newline newline  just like your father  owen muttered . newline newline  what did you say ?  his temper rapidly fading away . newline newline  i think maybe you should join the academy . it may mellow you out son.  owen could barely believe what he was telling luke  he had made a promise to keep him hidden . but luke was growing out of control . owen new full well what could happen when a skywalker lost his temper . newline newline  i don  t know what to say ! i will go get packed.  newline newline  don  t say anything to beru , not yet.  owen felt something gnawing at his stomach while luke ran off to the homestead .  i have a bad feeling about this.  newline newline .. newline newline luke could not sleep that night . owen had promised to take him to the port in the morning and neither of them had told his aunt yet . they knew she wouldn  t take it well and he had been enough trouble to the couple as it was . he was a terrible foster son , an even worse farmer , and still had the audacity to make constant demands from the larrs . but luke knew he was meant for more , he wanted to be a starfighter pilot more than anything . to fly away from here , from everything , it was his dream . newline newline that night , across the tatooine desert , someone else could not sleep . an old hermit was restless in his small bed , haunted by old memories . though he knew not the cause , years of training and experience taught him to never discount his feelings . eventually he cast away his desire to sleep , and gathered some items to travel . before he walked out the door , he stopped , turned around , and grabbed an old metal case , shoving it into his pack . newline newline .. newline newline mos eisley was always forboding to owen larrs . he never liked the spaceport , preferring to get what he needed from anchorhead or traveling jawas . but the recruitment office and emperial garrison was located here and luke needed more structure and discipline in his life . luke didn  t even notice owen  s apprehension , he was bubbling with excitement . newline newline  luke , you need to know something before you head out.  newline newline  sure uncle owen.  newline newline  luke , i am very serious.  luke could tell there was something different in his voice today and turned his undivided attention to owen . newline newline  the skywalker name , it  it isn  t popular or well liked out there.  newline newline  why is that ?  newline newline  don  t matter anymore . listen , i loved you like a son , and for what it  s worth , always thought you were . let me give you something before you go , it  s all i got : my name . luke be , luke larrs . register with larrs at the academy and folks won  t give you no trouble.  newline newline  i don  t know what to say unc  luke grew silent for a few minutes .  luke larrs then . i couldn  t ask for a better name.  newline newline owen larrs and luke larrs shared a hug , tried to hide a few errant tears , and finally headed into the emperial garrison office . newline newline  working on more for my own sake . will post more if people want  newlineonce upon a time , there was a beautiful princess named arona . she lived in a splendid castle of white stone atop a green mountain , and life was simple and happy for her . arona spent her days playing with her brothers and sisters , as well as all the children of the servants who tended to her family . she had curious green eyes and an infectious laugh that seemed to reverberate throughout the castle , causing even the most serious guards to smile as they stood watch . she read what she wished , and her books made her yearn for adventure . she wanted to go beyond the castle walls and see everything : dragons and unicorns , swamps and fields of wildflowers ! that s what she wanted to be when she grew up  she wanted to be an explorer , like the ones in her stories . and secretly , she just knew she would meet her prince out there . they would save a village together , or discover a new forest . they would fall in love , and live happily ever after . newline newline but as she grew older , the complexities of royal life slowly unfolded , revealing the darker , uglier aspects of being the princess of a powerful kingdom  powerful not only by strength of arms , but of political prestige . newline newline king arahan ruled on erthos , a small but rich planet on the very edge of the humancentric pegasus system , a cosmic stone s throw away from triyeda cluster  a region of the milky way controlled by the quadrupedal shaga . and thus , his kingdom was quickly designated as a liason society between the two species . newline newline ever since first contact in 2267 ce , the shaga and human races have enjoyed an unusual peace with each other . they bonded over shared their carbonbased and waterfueled biochemistry , allowing for relatively easy visiting and social exploration . however , they say that familiarity breeds contempt , and this old , banal saying seemed to hold some truth here . as both races continued to expand their reach across the galaxy , hungry for the same general resources , friction began to develop . though war still seemed unlikely , skirmishes were becoming far too common , and heightened tensions between the two , particularly at the borders of controlled space . newline newline king arahan was a wise and old ruler  rejuvenated every decade by fresh blood and tissue created in his personal laboratories , he had experienced contact with the shaga from the very beginning . he knew that though there were a great many differences between them and humans , the similarities were much more important : they both needed the same lifesustaining forces , and they were both very ambitious , ultimately selfish species . he predicted the conflict to arise within a century  he was only off by a few years . he knew it was time to enact his plan . newline newline  i can not believe this , father ,  princess arona cried out , smashing a delicate wineglass to the floor . the king winced at the sound .  i always knew that i one day might be forced to marry some man , to further your political agenda . but a shaga ? this is completely ludicrous .  newline newline  my dear ,  the king said softly ,  it is for the good of our kingdom , and potentially of the human race .  newline newline  how ?  she fired back .  what benefit does this give anyone ? and why do you think the shaga would agree to such a proposition , anyway ? the very idea of marriage is alien to them .  newline newline  i have spoken to vancer karrus ,  he replied . karrus was the shagan equivalent of arahan  the beloved leader for the liason society that represented the shaga in this region of space .  he was the one to suggest it .  newline newline arona growled in frustration and sat heavily down upon her bed . her world was crumbling about her , and she just wanted to keep lashing out in anger . but it was a pointless exercise  raw anger never moved her father . only calm discourse did . she closed her eyes and began to breathe purposefully and evenly . newline newline  my daughter ,  the king spoke ,  i do not wish to push you into this arrangement , so let me make this clear : you have a choice . if you truly do not wish to make this sacrifice , i will endeavor to find another way .  newline newline arona did not answer , but only opened her eyes and watched the king . newline newline he cleared his throat .  i spoke with karrus in a private meeting designed to highlight points of tension between our societies , and how they may be resolved . to my surprise , i found him to be extremely knowledgeable of human history , and he then suggested this union . it will help us understand one another ,  he explained . it shall be an experiment , the first of its kind  human and shaga , living together . if two individual aliens can learn to tolerate one another , why not their entire races ?  newline newline i was taken back by the suggestion , and was not entirely convinced by this argument . however , i was more shocked when he insisted that it must be you . why arona ? why not any of her brothers and sisters ?  i remember asking . and his reply was interesting , and gave me a window into the shaga psyche : arona is most beloved of your children ,  he responded . it would be a sacrifice for you to part with her , and an even greater sacrifice on her part  for she is giving away all that she held familiar for the sake of uniting two major societies . and if there is anything we shagans admire above all else , it is sacrifice .   newline newline the king paused in his narrative for a moment .  you are correct , of course : they do not marry . but this union would be so much more  it would be a partnership where you and relaux learn from each other , in a way no human or shagan has ever had the opportunity to .  newline newline  relaux ?  she asked , confused . relaux was a shagan with whom she was good friends with  they enjoyed discussing matters both political and cheerfully mundane together .  he is not related to karrus , as far as i know  in fact , he has no ties to shagan royalty at all .  newline newline the king smiled .  their society places little weight on such ties , arona . relaux is wellliked by karrus and his community  he is an intelligent individual with unorthodox , intriguing ideas . and considering that you two are already companions , i thought it would be easier on you .  newline newline  right ,  she said , mouth a thin line . she was much calmer now , but her head was still buzzing angrily with a million thoughts .  do i have some time to think about ... all this ?  newline newline the king stood up .  of course , arona . i will return .  as he left , the princess sank into her sheets , thinking hard . newline newline newline  newline newline newline liked that ? more stories  here   https : www.reddit.comridreamofdragons  !           dropcap  newline newline  master .  the monk bowed low . newline newline i sighed .  for the last time , i m not the reincarnation of tian long . i am not a long dead kungfu master . i ca nt do magic . why wo nt you assholes just leave me alone ?  newline newline he smiled politely , but in that slightly superior way that let me know that he did nt believe a word i d said . newline newline bloody monks . they d been on my case since that fateful afternoon when , aged five , my mother had let my play topless in the park fountain . a monk had tried to give her a copy of the bhagavad gita and seen the large birthmark on my chest . newline newline a dragon ? it looked more like a donkey . frankly , i had been pretty ashamed of it ever since winona jane had burst out laughing while we were making out in the empty history classroom . i still hated that bitch . newline newline  master xi ,  the monk said . this one was a persistant devil .  danger is coming . you must be prepared .  newline newline  listen , buddy ,  i said , grabbing the collar of his robe and shaking his scrawny frame .  the only danger i m in is a prison sentance after i wring your neck .  newline newline he seemed unphased .  very good , master , but the great wizard huan li has come to america to hunt you . for the prophecy states ...  newline newline  screw the damn prophecy ! ,  i yelled , but my voice was drowned out by screams from behind me . newline newline a man was floating down from the sky into the middle of the shopping mall . fire covered his hands . lightning crackled from his hair . newline newline he looked straight at me , and spoke in a booming voice that echoed around the mall .  tian long . i am huan li . let us fight .  newline newline   newline newline   part 2   https : www.reddit.comrjdrallagecomments4w81b5theboywiththedragonbirthmarkpart2   newline newline read more of my stories at  rjdrallage   http : www.reddit.comrjdrallage   besides this being my first time on the sub , english is not my primary language . please excuse any grammar or other english mistakes . newline newline  welcome everyone ,  he states .  i am very glad that you have all managed to arrive on such short notice . this is an extremely pressing matter that we ve delayed for too long .  he finishes , as his most trusted and highranked angels take their seats on luxurious , goldplated thrones . he also takes his seat on a giant throne , stationed in the middle . he goes silent for a second , and miraculously , wine glasses made from the finest materials pop up next to each angel , along with a basket of freshlybaked white bread , sitting at the middle of the table . newline newline the meeting has begun .  5000 years . 5000 years has passed the animal of my own creation , the most intelligent animal ever conceived , capable of inventing amazing machines and building massive , glamorous empires , settled on a planet created just for him . and now , my own creation has turned his back to me . i have gathered this conference to try and solve the problem of atheism  in the communities of man .  newline newline the council sits quietly , looking at each other , occasionally whispering and drinking a bit of wine .  what is the meaning of this ? !  he shouts , slamming his hand on the table .  i have summoned my best of advisers on this serious issue , and they ca nt even suggest a single solution ? !  newline newline  wwell  , one of the angels softly says ,  we can try and flood the planet once more . the believers will understand the message and run , while the nonbelievers die .  newline newline  no ,  he explains ,  that will just let future generations claim that this event was fake too , as they did with the previous one . we must find a way to save what s left of my believers , while making the atheists  either believe me or perish from this earth , without future generations claiming all of this had no evidence , and the cycle continues !  newline newline a moment of silence strikes the room , until another advisers suggests an idea . newline newline  i got it !  , he gleefully stands up with his glass of wine in his hand ,  we can forcefully convert the entire population of earth to believers of your religion , my lord ! no one will question it , doubt it , or remember anything from before .  newline newline he thinks about the idea . his body movements and face suggests that he is fond of that proposition .  very well , nathaniel ,  he states .  your suggestion is now called into vote . if you have any objections , please raise your hand .  newline newline no one raises their hands . newline newline he stands up , reads a few passages from the bible , and , within an instant , everybody on planet earth instantly becomes religious . newline newline a large party was held in heaven that night . a large selection of gourmet foods and wine were served to each person on their own goldplated tables . he said a few words about the now nonexistent issue , his plan , and its execution . he was met with cheers and applause from the diners . newline newline newline as the night turned to day , and the days to weeks , and the weeks to years , and years to decades , the now converted individuals had died , and are now raised to heaven . as the decades passed , people en mass started going up to heaven and immediately accepted . so much so , that the place has gotten dense and overpopulated . he had trouble managing the growing population , and with the rate of human reproduction , there was no more position in heaven to be had , and he decided to close the floodgates . he then decided to give the people of earth immortality as a compromise . newline newline earth was swiftly getting denser and denser , and living space as literally a few centimeters squared . with the growing density in both the afterlife and ethereal life , he decides to call in one more conference . newline newline  nathaniel !  he shouts .  you were in charge of this idea ! what do we do next ? ! i want answers !  newline newline nathaniel was baffled . he looked around nervously looking for answers .  i have no idea , my lord !  , he says . newline newline his face started to get red with pure anger , and in the apex of rage , he sent nathaniel to the depths of hell . newline newline  if none of you give me suggestions , you all going with him !  he shouts with the brink of his abilities . newline newline nervously , a familiar soft , scared voice emerges .  we can always try the flood ... 4,000 bc newline newline the sun rose over the hills rimming an obscure corner of a vast and unknown land . dawn had come to the spring campsite of the small band of foragers who had only begun to call themselves roman  . their site was wellchosen  in the plains to the north , there was a stand of wild grain which provided abundant food , and in the patch of barren desert to the west , a black liquid seeped up from cracks in the hardcaked sand . newline newline shaking the last of the winter chill from his bones , chieftain romulus supposed to himself that that liquid would be useful one day . climbing out from his tent and hefting his spear onto a broad shoulder , he strode to the center of the camp s square and awaited the gathering of his people . newline newline he savored the stillness of the morning for a moment . raising his spear high above his head , he spoke : newline newline  my people the romani ! hear me now ! for too long have we scraped a bare living from the dusty earth , and for far too long has its bounty escaped our toils ! i stand before you now with not a command but rather a bargain ! array yourselves underneath my banner , and prosper under my flag ! for the way is hard and there will be much effort , but the reward shall be wealth untold , for you and your children !  newline newline a cheer erupted through the village . in the following weeks , councils were held among the leaders of warbands , wise men , and tribute collectors . it was decided that this village would be named rome  in honor of the tribe , and that they should send out settlers to establish new villages in the nearby hills and plains . within 500 years , they had managed to master the craft of working of a strange new metal , called bronze  , and the art of drawing the sounds of their speech in such a way that romulus s edicts could be borne by messengers as faithfully as though they came from the throat of the great man himself . newline newline 3,200 bc newline newline rome s arms had stretched out over the plains , and new cities were founded : veii , vindolanum , and londinium . children were born , roads were built , and the four cities were as one . but not all was as bright as the sunrise over the sea , for there were chilling reports from survivors of exploring parties who during their voyages had happened upon villages filled with hordes of barbarians atop great beasts , who handily slaughtered the exploring parties almost to the last man . newline newline furthermore , there was a growing feeling that they were not alone , and that their power might be rivalled . these barbarians could be dealt with easily  the spears of the roman phalanges could beat back all but the most determined savages , and their granaries could support their swelling ranks for centuries to come . rome had prospered under romulus , and the time had come for some changes to ensure future prosperity . newline newline but the granaries were being chipped away , tribute was being siphoned off , and learning for the greater glory of rome was abanonded in favor of idiotic pursuits . romulus stood before his people at the steps of his great palace , and spoke once more : newline newline  people of rome ! you have enjoyed the fruits of your toils , deservedly , but there are those among you who have taken more than the share which your labors have merited ! i ask you , o honest and upright romans , to unite under me as the king of the four cities , and stamp out these criminals !  newline newline a cheer , a thousand times louder than that centuries before , echoed off the city walls and thundered through the four cities . but that cheer was not unheard , and soon an envoy wearing strange clothes and speaking a strange language had arrived in londinium . newline newline wasting no time , romulus invited him to his court , and through immense patience and effort , they both reached an agreement that neither king would harm the other , for the envoy came from the zulu , whose name was whispered in the outer reaches of rome as a great civilization of fierce warriors , more brutal still than the horseriding barbarians of the great unknown outside of rome s borders . newline newline rome was not alone , but at least it had neighbors who wished them no specific harm . romulus ordered his wise men to direct their efforts into better weapons and defenses , as a precautionary measure . newline newline 3,000 bc newline newline the morning came to the coastal city of vindolanum just as thousands of mornings came before . the gulls shrieked and swooped , the fishermen bundled their nets and counted their catch , and the temples rang with the incantations of the priests and vestal virgins . but this morning was soon to be marked as one of the blackest but most auspicious days of rome s history , for a strange ship had appeared off the coast . not like the triremes that carried rome s men up and down the shore , this one was of a type never seen before : as vast as a city , made fully of iron , and with no visible sails or oars to propel it . newline newline romulus s heart wavered just as a gout of fire erupted from the deck of the ship . seconds later , the temple burst into a great , thundering ball of fire , and the chants were silenced . newline newline what was this ship ? who sent it , and how could romulus prevent his cities from being flattened into smoldering embers by the great , fiery bolts it shot forth ? anger and confusion filled his head . he sent out a ship bearing a flag of truce , but it was soon sent to the bottom of the harbor by another gout of flame . newline newline so , this was war . newline newline meanwhile , aboard the great battleship , the uss portland , comrade theodore roosevelt stood proudly and surveyed the harbor . the people s union of the states of america had prospered under their premier , who had discovered secret codes to grant any amount of wealth , scientific knowledge , and power to its holder . determined to unite the entire world under the american banner , a great eagle clutching a hammer in one talon and a sickle in the other , comrade roosevelt s heart leapt at the notion of playing the hammer today in order to show these backwards  romans  how to properly wield the sickle for the prosperity of the proletariat . newline newline  admiral , you may proceed . let us show these romans the might of the american people !  newline newline the bombardment began in earnest , until not one stone lay atop the other in vindolanum . newline newline 2,900 bc newline newline romulus and his retainers retreated to the coastal hill town of veii , where the geography would shield much of the city from the horrifying fireballs of the mysterious american ship . with only two phalanges to hold the city , only a miracle could save the romans and avenge the memory of vindolanum . the ship s eery , sailless masts peaked over the horizon . today was to be a bloody day . newline newline the vessel sailed into the harbor and began its thundering assault on the exposed buildings of veii , but evacuations had already taken place , and a vast chain lay underneath the mouth of the harbor , ready to trap the ship while the remaining forces of rome s oncegreat army struck its last , desperate blow . newline newline rowing out under cover of smoke , the two phalanges made for the great battleship . behind them , the colossus crumpled and toppled under the force of a fireball from the ship . beneath the notice of the crew on board that terrible vessel , the phalanges pressed on , saved by the very smoke and fog that was the doom of veii . newline newline romulus led the men . it was either victory or death  surrender was not an option for true romans . newline newline quietly , despite their armor and spears , the phalanges clambered up the sides of the battleship . sentries were skewered and cast overboard . an alarm was raised , and men appeared , wielding those short spears which produced small gouts of flame like the great weapons on the battleship . but their numbers were too few , and at the cost of many noble romans , the defenders were overwhelmed . newline newline romulus , with the spears of a dozen men bristling about him , made a mad dash for the great structure amidships , where he knew the leader of these americans would await him . newline newline and so he did . the man was hideous beyond description , with a barbaric mustache , strange discs of glass before his squinting , piglike eyes , and clothing that appeared to be more suited to that of a laborer than the leader of a civilization . javelins impaled roosevelt s bodyguard , the training of rome s army not having been neglected . roosevelt was led away in manacles and paraded through the rubble of rome . romulus was victorious , but knew that it was only a matter of time before another of these great and terrible ships would appear in the harbors of rome , so no sooner than the triumphal procession reached the palace than romulus commanded his wise men to redouble their efforts in war technology , and his envoys to further cement his friendship with the zulus , exchanging gold for wisdom and wisdom for gold . it was to be a struggle , and rome would need every advantage it could procure ...so apparently , i swear a ing lot . newline newline wait , what the  ? newline newline  . newline newline  ! newline newline what the  , why ca nt i say  ! ? newline newline   not that , either , what about  ? no ,  ! son of a  ! what the  why ca nt i say anything ! someone , please , help , there s something ed up here , i ca nt seem to get a ing word out and i m freaking the  out ! please , for  s sake , somebody , do something ! now !  ing  ! i do nt know what s happening ! please , help , i ca nt ing live like this !  !  !  !  !  !  !  ! fart ! turd !  ! newline newline  edit : forgot reddit formatted things with asterisks the reality of our reality washes over me as i stare , transfixed to the tv . somehow someway our scientists were able to prove the existence of parallel universes . it is all the newscasters are talking about how another parallel universe has been found . my phone rings for the second time in five minutes , most likely work calling again as i was supposed to be in an hour ago . but how could they expect anyone to come in to buy office supplies on a day of such importance ? newline newline the sound of my ringer dies out , only to be replaced with a loud knocking on my door . who bothers to bother people on such a day ? do people not realize how great of a discovery this is ? begrudgingly i get up out of bed and , without taking my eyes off the newscasters , reach for my plush white robe that i threw on the floor last night . my hand only reaches empty carpet and i m forced to pay attention to what i m doing . the door knocks impatiently again and i spot my robe hanging on the back of my bedroom door . newline newline i grab it and walk quickly through my apartment , fussing with the belt to tie it closed so i do nt show off my raggedy pajamas to the delivery guy . i reach out for my doorknob when he knocks once more . newline newline newline  you know you could use a little more pati  i stop , words jumbled in my mouth for a man who is nt there . i look both ways down the empty hallway . there s no way the delivery guy could have disappeared mid knock . i look to my left again , not believing my eyes . the hallway is still empty but now i notice mrs. stevens took down her christmas door decoration to replace it with ... a hanukkah one ? she s always been extremely tolerant of our floor s diversity but that s a little over the top . newline newline i shake my head that does nt matter now . grabbing my phantom delivery box i take it inside . it has no return address , and the only part for delivery says  myself ... sort of  . i study the handwriting as i walk back to my bedroom . newline newline or , more precisely i study my handwriting . there s no doubt about it . the way the o and the f lazily connect into each other is something i ve been chided for since handwriting classes in grade school . but i did nt send this package . other me parallel universe me must have . goosebumps shiver on my arms but the excitement pushes the feeling of creepy dejavu away . newline newline i tear open the box to find a handwritten letter and some pictures of my apartment . a picture of my blue couch in the living room , my blue toaster in the kitchen , the blue polka dot shower curtain in my bathroom that needs a desperate cleaning . for some reason other me seems to want to remind me of my favorite color . i unfold the letter and begin to read : newline newline newline dear me ,  newline newline hello ! you re probably reading this in your bed right now , and i just want to make sure you re sitting down because when i first figured all this stuff out ... .yeah just make sure you re sitting .  newline newline i assume by now you ve discovered that parallel universes exist . and that , like i did the first time around , you re in your robe and you just no called no showed to work . which is great because we really need to figure out what went wrong . this has never happened before  at least that i ve heard of . you need to go talk to the mpda multiple parallel dimensions agency . they ll be able to sort this out ... i hope .  newline newline newline you re really thick sometimes , trust me i know . stop being amazed by today and actually look around you . pay attention ! your robe was nt on the floor , it was on the door . your couch is purple now . ditto to your toaster and shower . mrs. stevens from down the hall is jewish . listen to your voicemail . and for god s sake actually listen to the newscasters . do nt freak out too much . contact the mpda . i ll try to contact you again soon .  newline newline yours truly ,  newline newline amelia newline newline newline i look up at the tv , at the newscasters that are nt as flabbergasted as they should be . they do nt look as surprised at finding a parallel universe as i d imagine they would be . almost on auto pilot i grab my phone and click to listen to my newest voicemail as i walk into my living room to see a purple couch sitting where my blue one should be . newline newline beep   hey amy , you re late . you were on for opening today , and here i am   in the kitchen there s a purple toaster sitting on my counter with the same scratch mark i gave it the day i dropped it on my foot . newline newline   on tuesday morning without a damn cashier . you need to give me a   and the shower curtain , purple polka dots . it too has the same burn mark on the edge where i tested my new hair straightener to see if it was hot . newline newline   call missy . no call no showing at a department toy store this close to the holidays is unacceptable and you better have a damn good reason otherwise you can kiss your job goodbye .   click newline newline it s quiet enough now that i can hear my tv from the other room , the woman s cheery voice cementing in the wrongness of my situation , newline newline   ... charity event last night . and for those just tuning in now , we have discovered another parallel universe that we can make contact with ! this one now makes five since the inital discovery of the multiverse back in august . scientists successfully contacted the universe now called uni616 at 3am eastern time and we have come to learn that as of yet , this one has the most similarities with our own . now our world leaders ...   newline newline shit . i need to contact this mpda . do you get to the cloud district very often ? oh what am i saying , of course you do nt .  said nazeem . newline newline nazeem was easily the of the most annoying npcs in whiterun along with heimskr and farengar secretfire . he always insulted my dragonborn and would then go to the market to harass carlotta valentia and ysolda . newline newline this time i ve had it with him . my dragonborn crouched behind him and pickpocketed his entire inventory . thanks to the misdirection and perfect touch perks , nazeem was now completely naked . justice was served . newline newline i then proceded to take my dragonborn to winterhold to complete the college questline , the only one left to complete . my dragonborn was already the slayer of alduin , defeater of miraak , dawnguard member , harbinger of the companions , thieves guild master and listener for the dark brotherhood . you could say that he was pretty powerful at this point . newline newline approaching the bridge of the college , i realised something was wrong . faralda was normally there to assess the player s magic ability . however , she was dead . i looked around the college to try to find out what happened . in the hall of the elements , the other members of the college laid dead and stripped of all gear . a few dremoras appeared out of nowhere and began to attack me . being such an overlevelled dragonborn , i made quick work of them with my dragonbone swords  legendary  . newline newline i wondered if this was some mod that i accidentally installed . i paused the game and pressed alttab . my desktop was revealed and i opened nexus mods to check for anything that could have caused the winterhold massacre . other than a few patches and graphical mods , there was nothing in my load order . this must have been some strange gamebreaking bug . newline newline i opened skyrim again and i loaded up an earlier save . this time the dragonborn was outside the player home in whiterun . as he entered his home to store some items that were weighing him down , i saw a horrible scene . the dragonborn s wife mjoll the lioness was dead and stripped of all of her gear . this should not have been possible as mjoll is an essential npc which means she is immortal . i looked upstairs and lydia and lucia were killed as well . i did not have killable children installed so there was definitely something wrong with the game . like the winterhold incident , a few dremoras appeared out of nowhere and the combat music started to play , but they were still no match for my dragonborn . newline newline deciding that i would make a new save later , i proceded to exit my house and explore whiterun . upon loading , my dragonborn was surrounded by dremoras which he quickly killed . the citizens of whiterun were also killed and stripped . this was no mere bug i thought to myself . this must have been some manually installed mod that my friends put on my pc when i left it logged in one night . newline newline my dragonborn walked around whiterun . completely dead and silent . that was until , a voice came from behind him . newline newline  do you get to the cloud district very often ? oh what am i saying , of course you do nt .  newline newline nazeem . that son of a bitch . newline newline i turned my character around and the culprit was there . dressed in a full set of daedric armor and wielding a daedric sword and shield . newline newline before i could even draw my swords to attack nazeem , he shouted  fus ro dah !  . my dragonborn was ragdolled and sent flying in third person view . my character was down , i attempted to pause my game to drink a few potions but nazeem follwed up with  yol tor shuul ! ! !  . my character was engulfed with flames . newline newline this was bad . my dragonborn got up on his feet and drew his swords . then i noticed nazeem s hands were glowing purple . newline newline conjuration . how powerful was this guy ? newline newline  i actually advise the jarl on political matters . my input is invaluable , of course . but this is all probably a bit over your head .  taunted nazeem . newline newline he summoned six dremoras . newline newline  more ?  i thought to myself . newline newline i used my unrelenting force shout to clear them away . the dremoras were sent flying , but nazeem remained still . newline newline this was bad . not even the ebony warrior could do that . newline newline nazeem equipped a daedric bow and fired an arrow at me . newline newline shit . it was a daedric bow of petrifying and the dragonborn was paralysed . newline newline the dremoras rushed to my dragonborn and began hacking away at him . his health was dropping rapidly . newline newline nazeem drew his sword again and beheaded my dragonborn . newline newline that bastard won . newline newline i closed down skyrim in frustration and that s when i saw it . newline newline my wallpaper was changed to nazeem s face . my desktop was filled with readme text files all saying  do you get to the cloud district very often ? oh what am i saying , of course you do nt .  newline newline one week later , my desktop was sorted out again and i made sure that there was no malware . newline newline i started up skyrim again and loaded up the save . i pressed the tilde key immediately , bringing up the console . i hated cheating , but i hated nazeem even more . newline newline i typed  tgm  and pressed enter . newline newline  god mode enabled newline newline come and get me nazeem . you bastard .the young man stumbled , only slightly at first , but then tumbled forward with the pitch of a dying great father . newline newline i and the other shoppers dropped everything and rushed to him . we did nt know why . it was nt even adrenaline or biological automation . the need to be there for him was overwhelming everything else in our lives . newline newline i got to him first and rolled him over . his eyes already glossing , and his breath tore through his throat . the scar barely peeked out from his buttoned collar . i had to know how deep it went ! my eyes flew over his face and hands so completely free of the million little scars the rest of us earned a little at a time every day . newline newline  emergency ! call the paramedics ! ! !  i screamed , beginning to panic . newline newline but the young man shook his long bangs , no .  newline newline anger pressed the backs of my eyes , and i had to know the cruelty that fate was making all of us who circled like needy vultures , know . newline newline i grabbed the front of his shirt and roughly tore it open . buttons flying like bullets at a range to show a five lobed scar reaching from his neck to his navel and centered on his heart . newline newline  i told her it would be okay .  he rattled weakly , and not one of the assembled took in breath .no one knows when it happened , but they sure as hell remember what happened next . with a shimmer and a crackle , the sky suddenly began to appear as if it were being ripped apart . from the gaping opening descended two blurry , almost staticy looking creatures , both winged , but vaguely humanoid . from this distance it looked like they were ramming one another . within a few minutes they descended to the ground and others like them began to amass from the hole . newline newline humans of earth boomed a voice , we are here to protect you newline newline no we are here to protect you boomed a slightly distinct second voice . newline newline newline shut up they are mine !  the first voice cried newline newline newline mom was right , you never want to share , no wonder you tried to start your own race . i have to protect these poor rugged apemen creatures from your ferocity newline newline newline wait , before we battle we should talk . the ensuing fight might rip apart this planet . why do nt we just share newline newline newline a truce ? already ? fine , there are 7 billion human animals on this planet . we ll cut each one in half , you ll get one half and i ll get the other newline newline newline deal ! wait till mom hears that we ve finally set our differences aside to save creatures of a lower dimension !  newline newline and like that , the end of humanity came . newline newlinefebruary 3rd , 1823 newline newline my dearest sister julianne ,  newline newline pen and ink can not express how it warms my heart so to receive your letter , and it is wonderful to hear that things are well at home . i trust that it is your love and care that is allowing mama s consumption to heal , and i am sure as god lives in heaven that she will be well again in no time .  newline newline as for myself , i must confess that as of late my heart has been troubled . at first i believed master jericho to be a wonderful man , if not a little odd . he must be nearly sixty or seventy years of age , yet as far as i know he has never married . i am unsure of what occupation he held before his retirement , as it is a subject that he does not wish to discuss .  newline newline my troubles began some weeks ago when i looked into the master s study . i have full access to the entire house save that one room . master jericho insists that the door to his study be locked at all times , and he has forbidden entrance to all but himself . i am not even allowed entrance to clean ! he rarely enters the study , preferring the company of his friends in the drawing room , yet at all times that room remains under a lock that has no key .  newline newline can you imagine it my dear sister ! in place of a key , there are a series of brass numbered etched into the lock . i believe the correct series of numbers must be selected for the door to open . never in my life have i seen such an invention before !  newline newline but i digress . on this particular day , master jericho returned home in such a state of agitation that he flew immediately to his study and stowed himself away . yet his door remained ajar and unlocked !  newline newline dearest julianne , there is no measure to express the bounds of my curiosity i had concerning that room . for weeks even as i became acquainted with the house , men moved in and out through the house carrying all sorts of queerlooking boxes and crates , all of which would be promptly stowed away  how the master became so cross when i inquired as to what it was ! oh what a stupid girl i was , i would not have this moment again and i simply could not resist a peek inside !  newline newline if god would grant me one blessing in this life , i would take that moment back .  newline newline alas my time and ink is running short , i will write again as soon as i am able !  newline newline forever with love from your elder sister ,  newline newline chinaroosthe chatter in the coffee shop dwindled into frightened silence as the an  luoi passed . it was rare enough to see one of the blade eaters , but the sight of three grayhooded figures struck terror into the hearts of the common folk . every patron searched their conscience for transgressions that could have brought them to the attention of the quasireu  s elite bodyguard . did someone overhear your careless remark ? did you consort with the wrong sort of people ? only one set of eyes showed caution instead of abject fright . newline newline if i can see them , they are not a threat ,  jona reassured herself , they wouldn  t be so obvious .  newline newline still , she found herself joining the chorus of relieved sighs when the dark trio had passed . her crystal glass shook against the saucer . every day , more so than any of her neighbors , jona lived in fear of the an  luoi . a wry smile graced her lips  it was only fair , after all they lived in fear of her . newline newline the echoing tong of the clock tower shattered her reverie and announced the arrival of midday . jona made her way to the counter and paid for her drink . a quick glance assured her that the an  luoi weren  t lingering outside the cafe . in her line of work it paid to be careful . as an agent of the second direktorat , she was a foreign spy in the heart of the enemy  s stronghold . her only protections were her caution and wits . there would be no last minute rescues if she found herself in the dungeons of the blade eaters . newline newline the wide avenues were lifeless under the noon sun . the capital sprawled drunkenly over the sunscorched plains of anason , where it was too flat and always too hot . for an ortinar , used to the cool breeze off the lake , a city without water just seemed wrong . yet here was where the quasireu had made his stand , and so here is where the wretched city stood . newline newline it was always too hot in zem . what little life dared to venture out during the noontime heat confined itself to the dim alleys where jona now found herself . she loosened her shawl and let a single lock of her hair poke through . it did nothing to help the heat , but it made her feel a little better . finally she found the place . newline newline the bittersweet stench of atiseyan smacked jona in the face as she ducked through the low doorway . she skirted the unconcerned customer curled up near the staircase and scanned the room . where was ossi ? newline newline the last cafe had been a clean , welllighted place frequented by workers and families . this one was as far from that as possible . the dim lighting did little to hide the shabby disrepair of the venue and its victims . a few wornout faces hunkered around a ramshackle bar . large sackchairs cradled some of the addicts , others made due with tables or benches , even the floor . newline newline jona spied the old man entombed behind a pile of misshapen glass bottles . newline  onetwothreefour ... shit  she murmured to herself . he was going to be even drunker than usual . newline the crown of his head was facing her , the mottled skin peeling through the greasy strands of gray hair . something pooled under his cheek on the table . jona ignored the leering men as she reached a tentative hand for his shoulder . newline newline  aya !  she hid a wince as his bony hands crushed her wrist . his chest heaved as his terrified eyes searched her face . the telltale green stain of atiseyan danced around his quivering lips . newline  it s me , baba , it s me ,  she cooed softly . something blinked behind his eyes and he released her hand . his shoulders slumped guiltily as she massaged her wrist . then , just as quickly , it was gone . newline newline  another bottle of atiseyan ! my granddaughter has come to visit !  he bellowed . newline newline jona winced at the attention . the an  luoi had ears and eyes everywhere . she prayed that the derelicts saw what they wanted them to see : an elderly drunk and his wellmeaning granddaughter , instead of a disgraced hero and his worried protege . the little information jona had learned about her mentor before her departure had given her hints about why he had fallen to drink . ossian was a hero , but in the style of the second direktorat , almost no one would ever know what he had done . something had happened to the man before her whose file was as decorated as it was classified . newline newline ossi had come to zem years before jona . he knew the city like the back of his hand , and he had taught her everything he knew . fortunately , the one habit he hadn  t found time to teach her was his addiction to the zemini  s favorite drink .there is nothing for humanity here newline newline that s what i thought when i saw it for the first time , gaia , the eighth continent , or rather the first one . newline newline and i thought that was impossible to have something like that this deep ... . newline newline we were 400 kms underground , under the atlantic ocean , it was our 7th day of expedition , our goal was too determine if this place was ready for our population , after 250 year hidden from the public . newline newline this is year 2310 , and if someone listen to this , my name is hardihb fayerstein and this is my diary . newline newline as i said gaia was found 250 years earlier it s a gap between 2 layers of the earth , supported by structures of nickel in constant evolution . could reach up to a 400 meters height . and and a larger surface than africa and asia combined . newline newline but isnt the temperature downhere super hot ?  actually no , because of a detail i didnt mentionned , and not a small one , infact this is the reason this place wo nt be colonized in the near future . newline what is keeping this place at a temperature between 30 and 50 or rather newline who and are newline newline their codename are saphyr , ruby and opal , they are the highest form of power in the entire solar system for what we know , 3 leviathans europe sized , are constantly moving downhere and living . they walk on this rock solid place until they meet , what follow are inhumans fights , the temperature goes 1000 up in a giant zone around the fight , this and the shockwaves they create are definitly newline enough to make this place unsafe , to say the least . newline newline  control 1 , we are leaving , extraction requested  . i said in the ultra securised radio . newline newline  demand information on codemane gems  answered the radio newline newline  still alives ruby seems to be hurt however , maybe there is hope for the future generations .  newline newline  i hope so , and i m really sorry traveller one , this was a one way trip . we ca nt let you come back ... i m sorry ... there wo nt be any extraction . control over .  newline newline seems like there is nothing for humanity up there ...  was my thought as i felt on my knee , watching a town sized leg moving in my direction in the distance .it is may . the skies are blue and white . sun pours down upon the brown brick and gray concrete of kennedy memorial high school . newline newline yet another mating season has nearly come to a close . desperation fills the air with a heady musk . soon the migration will begin and these awkward , slouching creatures will leave this place , returning to their ancestral homes , called by some power only they can know . in the great heat of the summer , they will sleep away the long days . newline newline time is short . newline newline the males of the species are poor hunters . they prowl the narrow corridors in an almost drunken state , looking for isolated females . the females move most often in packs , preferring the safety of great numbers . should a male manage to separate a female from the herd , he has but scant seconds to make his move . newline newline this pressure is immense . newline newline here we see a lone male now . you can see by his momentary willingness to make eye contact that he is experiencing a fleeting burst of confidence . is it related to his grooming , perhaps ? a timely application of relevant memes ? we can only guess . newline newline he has spotted an unaccompanied female . she is loitering near the above ground den where she stores her textbooks and collection of emergency cliff bars . she must sense his approach , surely ? the males of the species are not known for their stealth . and yet she does not scatter , but busies herself picking at the remains of an ancient sticker . the lone male announces his arrival by clearing his throat . newline newline she returns the greeting wordlessly , her only signal the slightest raising of her eyebrows . the male falters . he stamps the ground aimlessly , his face turning a reddish hue  a distress signal . he has already lost his advantage . newline newline somewhat imperceptibly , the nearby males and females have all shifted around to witness this encounter . newline newline the male regains himself . he makes a series of pointedly benign observations . the female responds in kind . the dance has begun . newline newline they reach the crucial juncture . the male has run out of benign observations . the female waits . the scene is tense . will the male strike ? will the female slip away ? newline newline the male seems ready to make his final approach ... newline newline when  what s this ? another male has arrived . a friend of the first male , it would appear . he breezes in between the two , slapping the male in the genitals and braying loudly . the spell is broken . the female makes her escape . newline newline a tussle breaks out between the two males . it is short lived . together they slouch away into a nearby den . for the young male and the female , the cycle of life goes on . newline newline but there s always tomorrow .the cell door buzzed loudly and slid open . dave stood and slowly walked toward open exit , his bent back hurt from sleeping on the thin mattress all these years . the young prison guard glowered angrily at dave from behind a thick ballistic riot helmet . newline newline  let s go ,  he said threatening dave with a baton . newline newline how many times is this now ...  newline newline the baton striking him across the face made him forget trying to remember , as handcuffs were slapped around his wrists and ankles . newline newline  how old are you ?  dave asked the young guard . newline newline  shut up or i ll hit you again ,  he said roughly pulling on the handcuffs dragging dave away from the cell block . newline newline  i was serving my first life sentence before you were born , you re nothing but a child with a stick  black spots danced in his vision and the familiar taste of coppery blood filled his mouth . newline newline  you re lucky the judge wants you alive or i would kill you myself ,  the guard spit into dave s face wrinkled liver spotted face . newline newline dave shrugged and continued his shuffling to the small courthouse located on the first floor of the prison . courthouse , ha . this was a mockery of what those used to be dave thought . newline newline two other guards waited outside the wooden doors leading to the courthouse . they held them open and waved them through . there was a smattering of very old people sitting in the courthouse . less people this time . guess people stop caring after a while .  newline newline the guard pushed dave into a wooden chair that was bolted to the floor and clipped the handcuffs to a metal loop . newline newline an old woman wiped tears from her cheeks and stared at dave with hate filled eyes . he blew her a kiss and received another hit from the baton . the room fell silent as the judge walked into the room . most of the people were too old to stand in respect for the judge but he did nt seem to notice , or care . newline newline  let s get this business over with . dave mason , you have served three life sentences with ten more to be fulfilled . there is no opportunity for parole or appeals . do you have anything to say for yourself ?  the judge asked . newline newline  how long must you punish me for setting them all free ? the children ... they just wanted to be free , to be reborn into something other than this pain filled existence . i set them free .  newline newline a small sob escaped an old woman s throat . newline newline  i ve heard enough take him out of my sight ,  the judge commanded as he stepped down from the bench . newline newline the young guard smiled as he undid the chains and led him to room adjacent to the courthouse . newline newline three more guards stood in the room with a doctor and three nurses . fools ... they will never understand what it means to be free .  a young very pregnant woman lay on a bed covered in sweat , breathing heavy . her wide eyes were trying to take everything in as she nervously glanced around the room . newline newline  what s going to happen to my baby ?  newline newline the doctor injected something into her arm and she slowly drifted to sleep . newline newline  tie him down , the window is narrow we ca nt miss it ,  the doctor said as he prepared another syringe . newline newline dave was forced onto a table and stared into the bright lights over head . the beginning is always the worst , not remembering , not knowing . he took a deep breath as the syringe stabbed into his arm . darkness slowly crept around his vision and he took his final labored breath . freedom . newline newline a child was crying , wailing desperately for it s mother . where , where is my mother ?  a young prison guard was carrying the child down a long grey brick hallway . he opened a small wooden door and stepped inside . other children were crying out for their mother s . he placed the child into a small plastic bin and slid a piece of paper into the slot at the foot of the bin . newline newline  dave mason  life sentence  4  newline newline   newline newline newline thank you for reading ! great prompt ! rwritten4reddit newline newline i wrote another response to a  reincarnation   https : www.reddit.comrwritten4redditcomments4oioazwpyouliveinaworldwhereyoucanbuy  prompt . newline newlineher small frame shook . it was evident that was barely able to hold the gun . her wide gorgeous blue eyes that had drawn me to her in the first place were brimming with tears . newline newline but none of that mattered . here she was getting in my way . i loved her ! i was doing this for her ! for us ! why could nt she see that ? newline newline  put the gun down you silly girl . you do nt know what you re doing .  newline newline she did nt say a word . all she did was take another step closer . closer to me . newline newline  i ... .  newline newline she shook her head , her long blonde hair cascading out behind her as she did so . if time had slowed at that exact moment i could ve seen the small droplets of her tears frozen in midair , sparkling gently in the sun s dying light . newline newline but time does nt work that way so i did nt . instead i took her beauty for what it was and was satisfied with that . newline newline  sstan ... . you re crazy . you ve gone off the deep end and i need to stop you . i ca nt let you do this , you know that .  newline newline i backed up slowly , my hands still in the air . the cool cement wall against my back comforted me a bit . the air was clean and calm . no one but me and clarissa knew what could have happened . the world , clean . fresh . new . newline newline it would ve been perfect . no sin , no wrong , no starving death or famine . it all could have ended then and there . newline newline if only she would have let me . newline newline she waved the gun around yet again , tears still pouring down her cheeks . she had never been a strong girl so i was honestly surprised that she even had me here . i had found her in a small town in southern texas . i promised a way out of her boring normal life . i had been in love . newline newline and ... . so had she . newline newline but here we were . and she was stopping me from the one goal i had ever set out to achieve . newline newline a flock of birds passed overhead . newline newline  stan ... ..  newline newline i looked up now , my eyes locking with hers . newline newline  you are going to have to kill me you know .  newline newline the silence was deafening . i could practically hear her tears hitting the floor we stood on . newline newline i spoke again . newline newline  i wo nt stop trying to save us . and not just us clarissa , the human race as a whole ! it s a chance to start over ! a brand new adam and eve ! it will be perfe  newline newline  no !  newline newline that was the first time i had ever heard her shout . i saw her finger tighten around the trigger . newline newline  clarissa , the math works out . the stats , the years of research we did together ! does that mean nothing to you ! ?  newline newline  that s just it stan ... that s all it s ever been with you.. numbers , equations , facts . what about emotions stan ?  newline newline i had no reply . she would nt understand . newline newline  wwhat ... . what about emotions stan.. ?  newline newline the clouds looked brilliant today . a perfect mixture of gold and purple . the breeze was nice and the view was fantastic . newline newline  it s just numbers stan !  newline newline the shot was deafening and i felt the impact . i was flung back a bit and ended up on my back staring up at the sky . everything was fading slowly . newline newline clarissa came over to me and watched me die . she was still crying . she looked beautiful . newline newline  i m ... . sorry ... .  newline newline and those were my last words .marcus sat in the gutter , hands folded , legs folded , with his head between his knees . he half dozed , eyes fluttering open and shut . when a group of people approached , he would raise his head slightly . they would pass him without acknowledgment , and his eyes would drift back to the empty coffee cup at his feet . he would tense his empty stomach and do his best to ignore the pangs of hunger . then he would start to drift off again , until the next group of affluents exited a pub and made their way down the street . newline newline after many hours , marcus realized that sleep would be impossible . he straightened his back , and began counting the cycles of traffic on the corner . red light , pedestrians walk . the crossing signal began to flash , and then became a solid red hand . the cars in the turning lane went , and then the light turned green , then yellow , and the cycle repeated . eventually , fewer pedestrians were at the crosswalk , fewer cars waited for the light and then sped through at their first chance . more people left the pubs than went in , and eventually , the pubs began to lock their doors and switch off their lights for the night . newline newline marcus had just watched the traffic light progress through a full cycle without anyone , motorist or pedestrian , to use it , when he heard the door open and the laughter of a group of friends as they exited a restaurant . he glanced up the street at them . college aged , maybe . everyone looked young to marcus , even those who might have been a few years older than him . newline newline the party spent a minute or two chatting at the entrance to the restaurant , and then they disbanded into two groups . three of the women walked in a pack towards marcus . his head dipped back into his knees . newline newline suddenly , a voice from down the street ,  alright , you two . good night !  newline newline  hey , be safe sweetheart . good night.  newline newline marcus  s eyes shot up to see one of the women detach from her posse and continue in his direction while the other two crossed the street . as she strode past him , he sized her up . she wore what marcus could only assume was an expensive skirt and blouse . her feet clicked on the pavement in heeled shoes . from the depths of her purse , he heard the jingle of loose change , suggesting that she carried larger denominations of cash . she ignored marcus and continued alone down the vacant street . newline newline marcus reached for his bag and felt through the spare set of clothes and sundry items he carried with him . his fingers closed upon a small knife . the pain in his stomach flared violently for a moment , and then contracted to a point . marcus stood , palmed the knife and slung the bag over his shoulder . newline newline the woman made her way through the city streets . marcus trailed her , perhaps a block behind , waiting for a good window to open . they passed other pedestrians , cars , and as they approached a major motorway , a barrage of sound and people . they crossed the boulevard , and continued into a relatively empty residential neighborhood . encouraged by their isolation , marcus increased his pace . the woman glanced behind her . her steps increased in frequency and she hunched her shoulders , lowering her eyes . marcus was almost jogging at this point . the woman looked back again , and suddenly darted down a side street . marcus closed the gap between himself and her . newline newline as he rounded the corner , he saw her , still trying to get away , but now less than thirty feet from him . marcus suddenly realized that he had not expected his plan to get this far . none the less , he couldn  t back out now . he sprinted towards her , and shouted ,  hey ! stop ! i  ve got a knife.  newline newline the woman spun around with a terrified look in her eyes . she widened her stance and reached for her purse . newline newline  don  t move ! gim me the purse and you can go home without getting hurt ,  marcus shouted as he brandished the knife . newline newline the woman hesitated , then began to slide her hand towards the pocket of her purse . newline newline  no , just take it off . put it on the ground . i will fucking kill you if you don  t !  marcus stepped forward as the woman pulled a can of mace from her purse . newline newline the knife dropped as marcus  s hands flew to his burning eyes . he let out a guttural scream . the woman took several steps back and cried for help . newline newline  please ! someone call the police . i  m being robbed !  newline newline marcus squinted with glazed vision , and saw the purse hanging loosely from her shoulder . newline newline  fucking bitch , cunt ,  he screamed as he lunged for the bag . he grabbed her by the throat with one hand and snatched at the bag with the other . the woman threw her free arm forward , and her fist collided with marcus  s sternum . newline newline he staggered back , unable to gasp for air . the woman crouched and launched a kick at the side of marcus  s leg . his knee buckled , and his other leg collapsed under his weight . marcus fell to his knees and looked up , only to see the woman  s knuckles fly towards his face . marcus snapped back and his head landed hard on the concrete . bright lights filled his vision and the world became fuzzy . newline newline through the daze , he heard the woman muttering ,   what the fuck ? why ? why would you fucking do that ?   her voice stopped , and her steps reverberated in marcus  s mind as she continued down the street . newline newline marcus rolled onto his side and gagged on his own blood . he could nt move his left knee , so he pulled his right one to his chest and hugged it . when his breath returned , marcus began to sob . sappy , bloody bubbles formed in his nose and throat , and they popped along with the kaleidoscope that seared his eyelids . why ? why couldn  t she have just given him the fucking bag ?  newlinejane youngsam felt slightly guilty even watching mathew isaacs doodle . she was first generation american and her parents had made her life plan fairly clear . she was to get good grades in school , especially math and science , then go to college where she  d major in a stem field . matt was ignoring math with such dedication that jane felt vaguely guilty just by association . newline newline he  d flipped the paper describing their homework over , and started drawing some sort of massive doodle on the back . it looked vaguely like magic . it was all concentric rings and what looked like alchemical symbols . jane wasn  t certain where matt was getting it all from , especially given how high he generally was during math . newline newline jane looked back at the board . she hadn  t missed anything  they were still factoring polynomials . she looked back over at matt in time to see him finish the last symbol with a little flourish . he looked up and grinned over at her . she gave him a small smile in return . against all odds , matt and jane were friends . he came from a good family , so her parents approved of him . they were somewhat nave about american drug culture  they thought he was just calm . newline newline the period bell rang and all the other students instantly started packing their books . the math teacher said something about their homework , but his voice didn  t carry over the general bustle . newline newline  check it out ,  matt said . he raised his hand and intoned ,  i summon the power of the universe !  then he planted his hand right in the center of the doodle . he was definitely baked . newline newline only , the circle responded . all the points where his hand touched it lit with electric blue light and those little points raced out through the remainder of the doodle lighting the entire thing brightly . newline newline  whoooaa ,  matt started to say . he was interrupted as the light jumped from the circle to his flesh , and all the little lines in his skin lit with the same electric blue . it raced across his body making him look like a bad computer graphic . when it reached his eyes they flashed brightly . the light vanished . there was an electrical scent in the air . newline newline  what did you do ?  jane could hear the angry scolding tone in her voice . she sounded like her grandmother . normally that would have bothered her , but clearly whatever matt had done warranted a good incredulous scolding . newline newline  you are not my master.  matt  s inflection was flat and his tone vibrated a little through registers not normally associated with human speech . newline newline  are you ok ?  newline newline  i am optimal . this host can focus much magic . however , you are not my master.  newline newline  no , i suppose not.  newline newline  take me to my master.  newline newline  are you a demon ?  jane didn  t much believe in western demons . however , her grandmother had told her stories of a great many korean evil spirits that might do in a pinch . from those stories , jane was fairly certain there was nothing they  d enjoy better than causing trouble for a boy who doodled in math class . newline newline  i am a magical construct . my master can explain . take me to my master.  newline newline  do you know where he is ?  newline newline  my master is the wizard of iron mountain . take me to him.  newline newline  does that have a zip code ?  newline newline  take me to my master.  newline newline jane had lunch after math , and she had been looking forward to it , but she decided she had an obligation to help her friend .  follow me , we may be able to get you to your master.  newline newline    newline newline  is there any possibility he has taken narcotics.  mr. taylor was the school  s physics professor and the smartest person jane had access to on short notice . newline newline jane considered it a near certainty that matt had taken narcotics . however , intoxication seemed an unlikely explanation for his shift in demeanor . she equivocated ,  it doesn  t seem like drugs . if it  s a korean evil spirit , they are terribly superstitious . we may be able to drive it off by serving tea the wrong way . actually , maybe that makes them angry . i could call my grandmother.  newline newline mr. taylor raised his eyebrows at her .  i  ll find it very distressing if this boy is possessed by an evil spirit.  newline newline  i am a magical construct . my master can explain . take me to my master.  newline newline  what does a magical construct do ?  newline newline  i process information using a matrix of magical energy and physical force . i cast and assist in spells . i serve my master . take me to my master.  newline newline  so matt  s the physical matrix ?  newline newline  matt provides magical power . my master can explain , take me to my master.  newline newline jane considered the answers mr. taylor had been given .  sounds like a computer.  newline newline taylor tapped his fingers on his desk .  i suppose that would follow . if you wanted magic to do something on its own it would need to process instructions much like a computer . actually , i wonder if the physical force it  s talking about is electromagnetic fields . if so , we might drive it out by scrambling those fields.  newline newline jane shrugged . it seemed as reasonable has her own tea based theories . taylor crossed to a cabinet at the back of his room and pulled out something that looked rather like a bracelet with a plug on it . a grounding strip . that might work . in case it didn  t , jane pulled a clip from her hair and began to work loose its spring . newline newline  here , put this on ,  taylor instructed the possible evil spirit , possible magical computer . newline newline  take me to my master.  newline newline  if you put this on , i may take you to your master.  newline newline matt took the bracelet and slipped it on . taylor gestured him over to an outlet and plugged the bracelet in to the ground . nothing happened .  you will now take me to my master.  newline newline taylor scowled ,  we had better take him to the school nurse.  he took the antistatic bracelet back . newline newline  the school nurse is not my master.  newline newline  one moment , you  ve given me an idea . here , slip this in those slots . after that , we go to your master.  jane handed the spring to matt and gestured at the outlet he was standing next to . newline newline  wait !  newline newline matt ignored taylor and slipped the spring into the electrical socket . there was a flash , the lights in the room cut out , and matt stiffened convulsively throwing him across the room and into one of the student tables . jane smelled ozone for the second time that day . newline newline slowly matt stood up ,  whooooaaa , what happened ?  newline newline  you could have killed him !  newline newline  you think that  s the first time i  ve seen matt do something stupid with an electrical outlet ?  jane turned to matt ,  next time pay attention in math class . oh , and don  t touch your math homework . i  m not bailing you out a second time.  newline newline then she left for what remained of her lunch period .today s the day .  today s the day .  i kept repeating that simple phrase over and over to myself but it still sounded false to myself . i was born about 4 hours under 18 years ago today and i could nt be more petrified . the timing is always exact  on the 18th year of a person s life at the same hour and minute their were born a person received their powers . a fairly simple event for the rest of the population , they all knew what their powers were going to be before their transition . newline newline there is always a direct correlation between the eyes of the person and their power . most people went to the doctors to ascertain the exact shade of their eye , which allowed them to find their exact power . others chose to make it more of a supreyes  i m really sorry that ruined the pacing but the joke could nt not be made i am truly sorry  . their was always eighteen distinct powers for each eye colour that followed rough patterns . the eighteen different blue eye shades had powers relating to the mind , like telekinesis or mind reading or speaking many languages . the eighteen different shades of green were powers that dealt with things outside the body like being able to transform objects or being able to see through walls and things along those lines . the eighteen different shades of brown were dealing with strength . some of these people had super strength or crazy agility or could run faster than any nongreen eyed person could ever hope . i , however , fit none of these categories . newline newline my eyes were black . not like really really really brown , which happens to a few people due to illnesses in the womb , but dark charcoal black . we tried going to a doctor but we were rejected from every clinic thinking i must be a joke . that somehow i must have dyed my eyes or glued black contacts to my eyes or that , as one clinic assumed , i had tattooed my eyes . i find it impossible to not shutter at the idea of someone tattooing their own eyes . newline newline so , here i am . now only 2 hours left . my birthday party had come and past . the time was 7:30pm and the only people left at my house were my parents and myself . we were all on edge . what could my power be ? do i get a new power ? do i get no power at all ? my mind continued to race with what my eyes meant . newline newline in the two hours left i guess i can describe what my life was like . i do nt see much benefit in just worrying so i ll help give you an understanding of how my eyes effected me growing up . the first memories i have at all are when i first saw a mirror . i could nt have been more than 3 at the time but i remember this image so exactly that i can still see my pudgy 3 year old face staring at the deep dark eyes i had . my parents decided it was for the best that there be no mirrors in our house . they did nt want to approach the subject until i understood what eye colour even meant . i was at a play date that my friend s and mine parents had set up . we were at their house playing with bionicles making stories and wrestling as all young boys do and we started to run around the house . i was chasing my friend but he got ahead of me and decided to hide . so of course i try to find him . our parents are catching up and chatting happy to get a moderate reprieve from their responsibilities as parents . i run down a long hallway . it s dark so i assume that s where my friend decided to hide . i go into the first open door and use a short broom i found to switch the light on . i noticed this weird surface  mirror  that i had never seen before . it somehow showed a second room that looked just like the one i was in . i walk over to it and startle myself momentarily while my brain catches up with what i m looking at . i move my arm an see that the person in the other room was me . i scanned my body starting at my spiderman light up shoes and slowly moved my gaze upward . then my eyes met . i looked at myself with awe . i simply could nt stop staring at my own dark black irises . i had never seen a person with black eyes before  not even the darkest browns could compare to the black void my eyes . i stood there for what must have been an hour or so . my gaze unbroken . i finally was broken from this trance when the parents arrived looking for me consoling a crying boy who never was found . after that my parents were forced to give me  the talk  . the one about the eyes ... not sex . to be honest black eyes do nt normally do well with the ladies so its not like the sex talk was even necessary either . newlinethe snap is audible to those around me . everyone pretends it does nt matter  it never actually happened . but i stare in horror before me . the jagged ending as the tip fell away from the rest of the unit , never again to be whole . it s almost as if i can feel the agony i caused myself . i have to amend for the damage i ve done , or forever be branded a monster by those around me . newline newline i peek around the corner of my cubicle to the copy room . no one in sight . i have a straight shot if i move quickly , and no one will know . enough hesitation . i leap from my chair and sneak low , but swift on my feet . i hear someone say  hello ?  as if they sensed me , but i m long gone before they can turn around . newline newline i ve made it . i look in my hand , and clench my fist . it s almost over . only one more surge of pain , and all will be made well . i approach the table in front of me and lift my fist to chest level before bringing it down . the screeching begins . i can hear the vicious teeth ripping away . almost . almost . done . i lift my first and look down , slowly opening my hand . the pencil looks better than it ever has before , as if i had never brutalized it . i ve atoned for my sin . newline newline i walk normally back to my cubicle , pride on my chest . as i sit down , i see the remains of my crime . the smudge still on the paper . and the broken tip still on the desk , never put to rest . i put my head in my hands and begin to weep .odd newline newline he puts down his mug for a moment , turning to stare at the figure sitting on the ground beside him .  what s that ?  newline newline strange not newline newline  hold on a moment . bartender , another one ?  it s been a long week , he s not going home until he ca nt remember where home is . newline newline the man sitting on the stool beside him , nursing his own drink , speaks up for the first time that night . his voice is different  not in any easily discernible way , but there is a depth to it , a certain power .  put it on my tab .  newline newline  thanks . wait  have we met before ?  newline newline the man shakes his head , still staring downwards at the drink in front of him . his head is tilted in such a way that it s impossible to get a clear look at his face , but his voice is the sort that one would nt forget easily .  i m not from around here .  newline newline  well , it s nice to meet you then . i m quentin  i moved out here a few years ago .  quentin holds out a hand . newline newline it s a long few seconds before the stranger finally turns and accepts it , and quentin finally gets a good look at his face . young , but damaged , scars marring the onceperfect complexion . the man s left eye is missing , replaced with a prosthetic of some kind , and the left of his mouth dips down in an irregular curve .  steve .  newline newline not exactly the talkative sort , clearly . quentin is tempted to take a look on the other side of the man , search for the shadow that would define his greatest fear . he restrains himself  one can learn quite a bit about a man by their greatest fear , but he had often found it to be too much . he could almost see it , though  something gray or black , fitting in a rather large space between the two stools . but he did nt look any closer , he knew where that went . newline newline and then , of course , it had been the reason he had moved out of the city . fears were nt scary in and of themselves  it was rare that the idea of something happening was nearly as terrifying as it happening to oneself . but walking down the city , being surrounded by the dead and dying , beaten and  no , it was nt worth thinking about that , anymore . he was nt going back . newline newline do it newline newline  no , i really should nt . do nt you go telling me , either .  it always makes him a bit nervous , talking to his shadow in public , but nobody ever batted an eye . sometimes , he wondered if other people could see them as well , but nobody ever seemed to interact with their own . newline newline okay newline newline he realizes the new drink is already in front of him . the man beside him has gone back to staring at the table , as if counting the endless scratches and dents characterize the bar .  so , what made you come out here ? visiting family ?  newline newline he watches the man  steve  take another drink , and waits . the silence stretches on somewhat . not that it s quiet in the bar , perhaps the opposite , but he feels as if there is only a void that surrounds them . newline newline the silence stretches on , for a minute . newline newline  no , i m ... i moved out here yesterday .  newline newline farm newline newline quentin understands . the reynolds had been trying to get their farm to sell for a number of months , and he did nt see robert in the bar . just like them to disappear on a moment s notice , but he did nt begrudge them it . he d seen their fears , after all . newline newline  so , did you buy the farm from bob and marissa ?  newline newline it s an innocent question , but the man startles , turning to stare at quentin .  how d you know that ?  newline newline  small town , was nt that hard to guess .  newline newline he turns back and takes a long drink from his keg .  i see . i m not quite used to this kind of atmosphere .  newline newline paranoia ? no  hardly likely . half the reason quentin had moved out of his apartment was to get away from the people who were truly paranoid  their fear was everywhere , covered everything . the most quentin allowed himself to see was the dark outline on the other side of the man , strangely unmoving .  where do you come from ?  newline newline the man grimaces .  i ve been in the army for a while now . just got back from iraq .  newline newline  ah , i see . good to see you made it back in one piece , then .  except for the eye , perhaps . newline newline the man snorts .  yeah , i wish .  newline newline message newline newline his phone buzzes in his pocket a moment later . your parents showed up , should come home newline newline so much for forgetting where he lived . newline newline  sorry , i need to run . have a good evening , steve .  newline newline the man nods , again staring into the drink in front of him . newline newline a final chug of his drink , a bill left on the table , and quentin is on his way out the door . newline newline look newline newline it s a bad idea , he knows , but he pauses for a moment . just a glance , he thinks , and turns around to see what fear he had seen the outline of . newline newline sitting beside the man , perfectly solid and not whatsoever shadow , is simply a wheelchair .j dude , you re an asshole newline newline m come on , it was nt that bad man ! newline newline j you shit on his desk ! how is that not that bad ? newline newline m well i thought it was hilarious newline newline j dude , that s never funny . what if you had a desk , and someone just went and shit on it ? newline newline m negatory broseph . why would i have a desk ? i want to be a pilot , pilots do nt have desks . they re too cool for desks , they fly fucking planes man newline newline j okay ... .so they shit in the cockpit then . newline newline m also impossible . my cockpit will be voice activated . only i can get in . newline newline j then they shit on the window of the plane ! ! newline newline m well i d have to applaud them . the window is about 20 feet off the ground . newline newline j fuck ... you re useless man . newline newline m nuh uh ! im a fucking plane ! runs off making plane sounds newline newline j wait up !the patriotic man that i am i immediately choose good ol  washington and his indentured slave teeth . once the map was shown it was all game . treaties and open threats started to splurge against nations . i personally allied with ghandi . i mean what s the man to do except starve in his house and make semidecent attire . to make things even better with ghandi i called war on great britain , our somewhat grumpy mother . the repeated drumming of breaking news on my television eventually got to be somewhat obnoxious in the background , so i turned it off . i finally encircled the so called unconquerable island where the games began . newline newline the mongrels kept off china , scotland joined my england , and finland was loosing to the northern russia . the map was quickly coming into my hands , i had the perfect generals , culture from french fires and the statue of liberty , and  innovative  government . i was a force to be reckoned with . newline newline my armaments exhausted i was a savior , bringing the great american dream to the rest of the world . only ghandi was left probably knitting on his new sweater or something . now was the perfect time to take a break and refill on beverages at the local gas station . as i left the house and started walking i looked up at the sky in a frenzied confusion as enormous mushroom clouds broke miles in front of me covering everything in its path . i envisioned the mocking face of ghandi in my head . newlinelisa was watering the petunias outside of her cottage when she heard a commotion in the kitchen . ah . seems like my husband s hurt himself again .  lisa rolled her eyes . matthew was such an oaf . things were always breaking around him . where would he be without her ? newline newline she set the watering can down in the dirt and leisurely strode over to her kitchen door . she heard another crash just as she put her hand on the door knob . lisa opened the door . newline newline blood . it was the first thing she noticed . the harsh red liquid looked quite out of place in their little quaint kitchen full of soft beiges and blues . the second thing she notices was that she had two husbands . newline newline the first matthew sat against the wall on the opposite side of the door lisa entered through . his hand was pinned against the wall with one of lisa s best kitchen knifes . a pistol sat a foot away from him . the second matthew was besides the stove holding a rolling pin with both hands . newline newline lisa gasped . she did nt know what else she could ve done . the second matthew was the first one to speak ,  lisa ! i do nt know what the fuck is going on here , but that man is an imposter ! i just woke up and he was just there ! making pancakes ! he tried to shoot me !  matthew gestured at the doppleganger with his rolling pin . newline newline as the second matthew was hyperventilating , the first matthew spoke very seriously and lucidly ,  lisa , honey , listen to me . i ve never told you this , but i m actually an agent working for the government ,  matthew wheezed .  the man across the room from me is an alien saboteur . he was probably sent here to find out what i know . listen to me , lisa . you need to ice this motherfuc  newline newline  you see ? ! he s fucking nuts ! he s just some insane stalker ! probably paid for plastic surgery or something !  , matthew exclaimed . newline newline lisa felt tears welling up in her eyes now and she was feeling nauseous .  lisa , please ,  pleaded matthew number one .  just take my gun .  newline newline lisa went for the gun . she picked the weapon up with shaking hands and quickly backed away from pinned to the bloody wall  matthew . her face was completely red and she was desperately trying not to break down . newline newline  great . now just pop a cap in this alien s plump buttocks ,  said the matthew that was bleeding out from a knife wound . newline newline  nononono ! lisa , just put the gun down . nobody needs to get hurt ,  begged matthew with a rolling pin .  i ve known you since high school . remember ? you sat in front of me in chemistry class . you gave me a blowjob underneath the stairwell on the first day of school ! do nt do this !  newline newline  lisa . the moment you turn your back on this backstabbing piece of shit he s going to rip the back of your skull off and lay eggs in your brain.  newline newline  oh hey ! there you are matthew !  , said lisa . which was strange since lisa did not notice herself saying anything . newline newline lisa number two strode through the door behind lisa number one . this lisa had many of the same homely features that grappling with horrible existential quandary lisa did , except she was wearing a beanie and she had a nose piercing . her messy , stained tshirt said idgaf  . which according to the tshirt stood for the idina garland atomic field . newline newline  woah . is this the universe where i m a pussy and matthew is secretly a government agent fighting against an alien conspiracy ?  , remarked lisa .  that s cool .  newline newline  i thought we agreed that there would be no more extradimensional experiments !  , yelled matthew .  when i m get home , i m filing for divorce !  newline newline  haha . that s what you always say before i wipe your mind ,  lisa pressed a few buttons on a device on her wrist .  well anyways , we re off . good luck with the whole alien invasion thing .  newline newline  wait what do you mean wipe my  , there was a sucking sound as time and space were ripped asunder . then silence . newline newline  hey ... uhh ... i m sort of losing conciousness here . little help ?  newline newline criticism is welcome . :  oddly enough , the titan was nt so scary as everyone had made it out to be . when the sirens went off , jessica , instead of moving to the underground bunker , darted outside towards her bike . the flames of the explosions did nt even reach the head of the titan , which was slowly approaching the school . jumping on her bike , jessica pedaled home as fast as she could . when she got home , she rushed home , took off her shoes , and rushed into the kitchen . newline newline  are nt you supposed to be at school ?  jessica s mom asked .  it s 2:16 . and besides , should nt you be in the bunker with everyone else ?  newline newline  forgot my lunch , that s all ,  jessica opened the fridge , and rummaged around for a while .  where is it ?  she shut the door with frustration . newline newline  please do nt tell me you re skipping school .  jessica s mom cut some green onions , placing them in a bowl .  your dad wo nt have it when he hears that his daughter , an honor roll student , is skipping class in the middle of the day .  newline newline  mom , do you have any fish cake ?  jessica approached the stove top . newline newline  i m putting it in the soup for tonight . you ca nt have   newline newline jessica took one of the fried fish cakes and ran out the door . newline newline  thanks mom !  she put the fish cake into her mouth and jumped onto her bike , hoping her mom would nt mind one less fish cake in the soup . newline newline as she approached the school , the sirens grew louder , and the number of military vehicles increased . jessica weaved through the police officers and the soldiers until she reached her school . the mecha had gotten closer , and was about 8 blocks away from the school . looking at her watch , she saw that it was only 2:35 . good , she thought , i ll newline newline sliding her bike to a stop , jessica ran towards the front of the school , where several important looking soldiers were standing around , talking over the radio . newline newline  general , the titan is coming closer by the minute . i do nt think we can hold it off .  the captain looked concerned .  it seems to be moving towards the west side of the city . and i ve never seen this type before . it s armor is stronger than anything we have .  newline newline another explosion rocked the city , and the titan jumped into the air , landing on top of the school . the dust from the impact knocked everyone off their feet . newline newline  newline newline when jessica got up , she immediately looked at her watch . the watch crystal had shattered , and the hands were bent out of shape . it was impossible to tell what time it was . as the smoke cleared , burning tanks surrounded her . soldiers were strewn across the street , with moans of pain piercing the silence . lying next to a burnt out jeep was the captain who was talking on the radio earlier . his leg was clearly broken , but he was still alive ... somehow . newline newline  hey girl ,  the captain motioned for jessica to come over .  how did you survive the carnage ?  he grimaced in pain . newline newline  i just woke up . what time is it ?  she knelt in front of him .  i fell and my watch broke .  newline newline  around 5:00 , i think . our reinforcements , which arrived around 4:40 , were just defeated .  he laughed .  i m captain vincent truman , 9th armored division , by the way .  newline newline jessica extended her hand .  pleasure to meet you , sir . where is the titan right now ?  she stood up with a serious expression .  it s time we take that motherfucker down .  newline newline  woah , girl . chill out .  truman replied .  what s gotten into you ?  his questions went unanswered as jessica walked towards the remains of the school . newline newline when jessica stepped onto the school grounds , the titan immediately turned around and arched its whole body over her . newline newline  finally , the girl awakens . i ve been looking for you this whole time .  the robotic voice of the titan shook the air . newline newline  you re an asshole .  jessica pointed to the titan s head area .  first , your stupid explosion broke my watch .  she pointed to her wrist .  second , i did nt have time to put on my shoes because you decided to show your ass when i was at school .  jessica s socks were in shreads . newline newline the eyes of the titan glowed angrily .  look , it s already 5:30 , and i would like to return home . so let me just kill  ,  he stopped midsentence as a bright blue light appeared in jessica s hand . newline newline  you ve crossed the line , motherfucker .  jessica calmly replied .  i missed my favorite show .  she stared into the titan s eye .  die , you shithead .  newline newline a blue beam shot from jessica s hand , and pierced through the titan s chest , exiting through the other side . in a split second , a giant hole appearaed where the titan s chest once was , followed by an explosion out the back . the eyes flickered , then turned black . with no balancing mechanism in place , the titan collapsed , the chest cavity miraculously landing around the school . newline newline jessica , satisfied with her work , stepped off the school lawn and was greeted with immediate applause . captain truman , supported by a medic , came to congratulate her . newline newline  miss , you saved us all ! we are forever in your debt .  truman and the remaining survivors saluted her .  by the way , i did nt catch your name . to whom do i have the pleasure of addressing ?  newline newline jessica carved out an exit hole from the titan s remains . turning around , she smiled . newline newline  my birth name is jessica wang , but , i am also known as grizelda , bio warrior 7 .  she walked towards her bike , picked it up , and rode off towards home , where dinner would be waiting . newline newline the remaining survivors stood in shock , before one solider spoke . newline newline  captain , was that girl  ,  newline newline  yes ,  truman interjected .  we have witnessed the handiwork of a heavenly demon .  he sighed with relief .  thank goodness this one decided to help us , or we would have all been dead .  as red cross teams arrived at the scene , truman could nt understand how a nice girl like jessica held so much destructive power within her .  what a shitty day ,  he muttered to himself ,  what a shitty ass day . president fluffles , and the first caretaker joan stood outside of the oval office . newline newline  my , my , who s a good wittle pwesident ? you are ! you are !  newline newline fluffles sighed .  joan , you can stop with the baby talk now . i m ten years old and would like to be taken as a serious politician . i think i can really do good for dog and humanki  newline newline  aww are nt you just the cutest wittle floofles ,  joan interrupted . newline newline  for the last time , i prefer to be called by my chosen name , bill . now can i please get some damn water and a copy of the new civil rights bill ! and joan , can you just leave the adults to work ? go scrounge us up some kibble somewhere .  newline newline  oh ... right . okay , uh , bill , i ll go get that .  newline newline joan really missed the days of when her little terrier was just a simple dog , a dog who loved to be played with and pandered to , and who wouldnt ever leave her . now , she was nt sure what to do without her best friend by her side , her loving companion who would always retrieve the ball she threw . newline newline  hey , uh , joan .  newline newline joan looked at her pet , and could nt help but think of how adorable he looked with his tiny suit and doggy glasses . newline newline  do you want to go for a walk ? the therapist shuffled her papers . neither she , nor the patient , said anything until the little clock on her desk rang once . newline newline  our time is up ,  she said . newline newline  i m going then ,  came the reply . newline newline the patient was half risen from his chair when she stopped him . newline newline  wait !  newline newline he hesitated with his ass in the air before deciding to sit back down . newline newline  two minutes . i will give you a homework . for next time . you have to do it .  newline newline she noticed he was sweating . newline newline  i will be extremely displeased if you do nt .  newline newline  i ll try ...  newline newline  you ll do it . i want you to go to sara and tell her all you said to me earlier .  newline newline  i m not doing this .  newline newline  you are . i ca nt predict an outcome , although i m pretty sure what it will be , but i want you to do it .  newline newline  i ... okay .  newline newline  great . see you next week ! there was blind panic . the mutation had been identified only two days ago . it was most likely in effect way earlier but it took time for people to realise what it was . hundreds at first , but now thousands upon thousands dropping dead each day . newline newline  cancer is now officially an airborne virus , sir . anyone who comes into contact with a person afflicted with any kind of variation of the illness will be instantly infected .  newline newline  well ! ? what s the radius ? more information , damnit !  newline newline  calm down , harry .  said the president . newline newline  calm down ? do you realise what is happening ! ?  boomed the chief of police , without a nuance of interest in who he was speaking to . newline newline  thank you , that will be all .  newline newline the president motioned for everyone to leave the room , except harry . he calmly walked around from his side of the table , around towards where harry was standing , with a cool air about him , as if he had total control over the situation . newline newline  look sir , i was out of line but you ve got to do som  newline newline  harry  the president interrupted . newline newline  i ll tell you something the world does nt know . we have the cure  newline newline  what ! ? my wife and my infant child are both in care this very second , dieing . knowing that each breath they breathe , they re moving closer and closer to death . now you re standing here telling me you have the cure ? why has nt it been released ? what is going on ?  newline newline the president did nt flinch . his body language had nt changed since his journey from the other side of the table , and his persona still oozed a nonchalant vibe . newline newline  we re under orders . the world , and everyone in it . we re done harry . humans , we re done . we ve failed as a species and it s over . we had a good run , but it s for the best  . newline newline  have you gone completely mad ? give me the cure , i ll do it .  newline newline  do nt be silly harry , you know i ca nt do that  newline newline harry lashed out , attempting to strike the president with his clenched fist . he did nt connect . the president without breaking his cool character , sidestepping and readjusting , sent out his leg with huge force , turning to position his body for the impact . harry was sent flying , back over the table in an unorganised heap on the cold unforgiving floor . again the president took a slow stride around to harry s side of the table and hunched over his exhausted , ragdoll like position . newline newline  i ll tell you something the world does nt know .  newline newline there was a pause as the president readjusted his tie , and wiped the sweat away from his brow with his unfolded hankerchief . newline newline  noone makes it out alive today . noone except me . you could have come with me harry , we could have rebuilt the world .  newline newline  you re a sick , sick man  harry forced the words from his tired , bleeding mouth . newline newline  goodbye , harry .  newline newline bang newline newline a shot in the dark . harry was dead , and soon , the human race would follow . scorched earth , that was all i saw . radiation pegged out my meter , i could nt leave the ship .  tom stood with gerald and manuel as the video recording played on the screen . playback started as he descended below the churning clouds , the screen grew dim but after almost a minute of travelling through thick gray wisps , the ship s camera broke through the cloud ceiling . newline newline fires raged and columns of black smoke fed the blanket in the sky that stretched to all horizons . tom called up the air quality , temperature and radiation sensors  recordings from the trip . even with an eva suit , he would have only lasted a few minutes before the heat cooked him inside it . just a few seconds outside the ship s walls would have resulted in death from radiation poisoning within a month .  it was all gone .  tom hit a button on the terminal and the feed sped up ,  i used the conventional fuel to fly as far as i could , low oxygen concentrations caused the burner efficiency to go to shit , i only made it around a thousand miles . i left washington and made it to miami before i had to jump back to now . the entire eastern seaboard was gone .  newline newline gerald and manuel watched the accelerated feed , hot spots of inferno covered most of the land , there were no signs of life , if something was left it was either circling the earth in orbit , hiding deep under the waves or buried far underground . after ten minutes the feed ended as the ship returned to the current time , manuel was the first to break the silence .  all of nineteen thousand did nt show any signs of instability , neither did the first few months of nineteen ohoh one . i do nt understand , what could have caused it ?  newline newline gerald cleared his throat ,  tom , any idea ? nuclear war ? see anything that might point to that ?  newline newline tom shook his head ,  our report was that the stockpile had greatly diminished , their bombs also create very little radioactivity , it all goes to flat out destruction . the fires would make sense if everyone launched everything they had but not the radiation .  newline newline  gamma ray burst ?  manuel asked . newline newline  maybe  , gerald was staring at the feed again ,  we ll have to take a look at the data in detail . maybe the eggheads downstairs can make sense of it .  newline newline manuel looked at tom , the only pilot in the room ,  should we send him further out ? maybe a few years further ? nineteen oh ten or thereabouts ? the radiation levels should have gone down by then .  newline newline  no , not yet  , gerald said ,  it ll be a while before any decision is made , we have a good long time to figure out what happened . the next nine hundred years are all peaceful , we ll have plenty of time to study these couple of months , he ll go back just not until we figure out a plan .  newline newline manuel nodded and tom felt relief wash over him .  assuming i get sent again , how will i pinpoint what happened if there is no one left to ask ten years after the fact , just keep going back until i find someone ?  newline newline gerald shook his head ,  the upper atmosphere did nt seem to have any type of contamination . you ll go back on march third nineteenohoh one and sit in orbit until you get the exact time this happened , we ll continue to try and pinpoint the cause .  newline newline tom had never had to observe this way before , no one had . normally a pilot would study the major events available on the internet at his or her future time and confirm that the reporting on the larger events was accurate . it took men their entire careers to cover only five years .  that will take much longer than usual . i ll have to record and analyze everything , every single thing .  newline newline  yes , your observation period will probably be cut in half , probably more .  newline newline tom would spend the rest of his career studying less than two years , less than half the time of any other temporal pilot in history . it would be shorter but it could answer the question his group had been hoping asking for the last fifty years . what exactly would cause humanity s extinction and when would that fateful day occur ? his work would likely be the first where interfering would not only be allowed but encouraged , tom smiled ,  let s get started then . the doors are stuck . there is no light . where there where houses before , no there is only mine . i have done everything to get out ... but no more . i am alone , and i can not take it anymore . i lay in the dark , scrolling through reddit one last time . i want to check and see , maybe someone figured it out . but no . there are no new comments ... i m alone and i have decided to escape the only way i can . i turn my music on , and lay in my bed , reaching for the pills i put as many as i can swallow in my mouth and take a drink . i do this three more times and then i wait . newline laying there , feeling the pills start to drain my life , i suddenly hear a noise . struggling i lift my head , and a face swims into view in front of me . i gasp and my eyes widen , it s harder to stay awake but i fight with all my strength . more faces come to view and i can hear them now .  where did she get the pills dammit ? !   i do nt know , she has been acting out for days , clawing the windows and doors , screaming and crying out   well go get the doctor now !  newline i feel myself beginning to slip away as my mind try s to grasp what is happening , i can feel their hands on my , fighting for my life with machines , pumping my stomach . but i know it is too late ... as i leave the world my last thought is one of peace , at least i will not be alone anymore . newline when my eyes open , i am in my house , the doors and windows have been stuck for days , but it s ok , i know what i have to do ... .i do nt want to be alone anymore .i didn  t hear them come up behind me . i was walking home after my first successful date in a long time and was too busy thinking about how well it went to notice my surroundings . one of them grabbed my shoulders and shoved me into an alleyway . i stumbled and fell straight on my ass . i put my hands down to break my fall and was rewarded with a cut as my left hand slid along the edge of a garbage can . i scrambled to get on my feet as four men entered the alley . newline newline  hey sugar ,  one of the men said .  looking for a party ?  newline newline  nope , no  i was just heading home ,  i said as if this was just a casual conversation . i could feel blood dripping down my finger . newline newline  you ain  t going nowhere ,  said another one of the men . they were slowly advancing towards me as i was stepping backwards . newline newline the man closest to me , lunged at me and shoved me against the wall . all i could think was that this was going to ruin my chances with ben . i don  t know why i thought it would or why that was the thought that crossed my head in this situation . newline newline another one of the men grabbed one of my hands and shoved it hard up against the wall . as a third man was reaching for the hand that was bleeding , i attempted to shove at him . my bloody hand made contact with his skin . newline newline i heard the sizzle before he screamed . newline newline  what happened ?  one of the men shouted . newline newline  the bitch burned me.  the man i had touched was holding onto his forearm as smoke was wisping up from it . i could see the skin bubbling . newline newline the fourth man ran to grab my wrist . he shoved my forearm hard against the wall .  fucking bitch !  he shouted . newline newline i felt blood drip down my hand and turned my head to see the blood making contact with the man  s skin . it sizzled and bubbled and he shouted as he backed away from me . newline newline there were now two men in the alley holding their arms and screaming in pain . the other two men holding me let go and ran , leaving their compatriots behind . i ran out the other side of the alley and ran the rest of the way home . as i ran , pumping my arms up and down , blood flicked off of my hand onto the sidewalk . i heard a sizzling sound each time that arm pumped downwards . newline newline when i reached my driveway , i slowed down and walking down the drive . i shook my hand and the blood hit the pavement . it sizzled and created a small hole . i used the hose to rinse my hand . as soon as the water hit it , the bleeding stopped and my wound closed . newline newline that was the day i learned that my blood had magic in it . it wasn  t until later i would learn that my family had always had magic blood .t  1 minute till launch .  this is it guys . we are the pioneers of earth . we represent humanity .  matt said with an excited voice . the five of them were going on the most dangerous mission mankind has yet undertaken . their calmness gave everyone hope this mission would be a success . newline the spaceship launched exactly at 3 p.m. est 2150 . everyone who witnessed the event celebrated as the launch was a success . sadly , none of these people would be around to witness the success of the mission . newline  is nt she beautiful ? an innocent marble of green and blue , tiny enough to fit between two fingers .  matt was sentimental when it came to viewing earth from space despite him being a seasoned astronaut . newline  focus on the mission matt !  joe said slightly annoyed but with a hint of sarcasm . joe and matt have been on numerous missions together already . they knew each other pretty well and joe did nt mind matt s sentimentalism . newline 6 hours later and the spaceship was already out of the solar system . the ship s autopilot was advanced enough to navigate the ship away from the dangers of space which made traveling long distance possible . newline  activate autopilot  matt said with a monotonous voice . newline  autopilot engaged  the ship s ai responded . newline  thanks sarah  matt made sure to always be polite to the ai . newline newline  these beds are super uncomfortable . i hate them . i can get beds for  200 that feel like luxury beds , why ca nt they spend just a little more money on basic equipment ?  hans knew the bed from his training . newline  it s not so bad considering you re not going to be awake for more than a few minutes  matt reassured hans . newline  still . it seems like a weird thing to save money on considering that they could nt have saved a huge amount of money  once hans found something intriguing he was quick to overthink it . newline  beds created for cryostasis cost 30 times more to produce than household beds .  sarah interjected .  and they are custom built to fit to individual ships . there is no stock of cryostasis beds . if you want one , you need to wait for production to finish .  she continued . newline  just go to sleep now hans ! sarah will wake us when we arrive  joe said whilst getting into his bed . newline newline everyone was asleep in a matter of seconds and the ship shut most functionality down to preserve energy . that way the ship could survive for roughly 500 years , depending on how much maneuvering it had to do . sarah s job was to keep the course steady and arrive at the destination unharmed . newline on earth it was calculated that , if everything went according to plan , the trip should take about 270 years . in case anything was wrong at their destination they should have enough power to return to earth unharmed . newline newline the trip was uneventful . a few burns to avoid asteroids were the most exciting things to happen . newline  destination  planet xr350902 in sight . finally the boredom ends .  sarah exclaimed , knowing she could nt be heard by the crew . newline newline         newline newline  this is it guys , we are now stepping on a planet no man has ever set foot upon .  matt s voice was now more excited than joe ever heard . newline the hatch opened and the planet appeared before them . it was the most beautiful thing the crew has ever seen . the lush fields , distant mountains and a nearby river made this planet feel like home already . newline the crew hastily transported everything that was needed from the ship to the outside . before shutting the ship down completely matt ran a few tests and took a look at the logs to check if everything went well during the flight . everything was normal except for one burn . it seems sarah tried to burn away from a small meteorite but due to it s small size sarah could nt maneuver the ship out of the meteorite s path . newline the meteorite must have hit an antenna for the logs indicated that communication systems were disrupted 120 years ago . matt quickly realized that due to the antenna breaking their ship had nt sent a beacon to earth which was used to indicate the current status of the ship . furthermore matt was able to assure himself that no further damage was done to the ship . newline newline matt rushed outside  guys , we ve lost contact with earth . the antenna was busted about 120 years ago .  newline newline  shit , what does that mean ?  jessica asked . newline newline  well i can only speculate but i think that earth thinks our ship was destroyed . by now i m sure we are only known in history as mankind s greatest failed attempt  matt seemed not too disturbed whilst delivering the bad news .  but we should nt let this affect us in any way . our mission is here . we have no reason to return home now , especially because everything is going as planned .  he was a born leader and could keep people s morale high . newline newline the first few weeks were spent building a shelter and getting to know the planet a little better . it seemed to be very similar to earth . plants were beautiful and helpful . some edible , some useful as medicine . the animals were like nothing that they had ever seen on earth yet they were nt too alien either . they had to watch their health closely which did nt allow them to eat anything they saw . the only animal they had yet been able to eat was cowlike , but longer . jessica named it the  limousine cow  . newline the time had also to be adjusted , which was a simply thing to do thanks to their equipment . the days on  new earth  , as it was named by samantha , were 22 earth hours long . the crew decided to use earth measurements of time on  new earth  , despite neither of the two moons having a 30 day orbit around  new earth  . the day of their landing was marked as january 1st , year 0 . newline newline a few new earth months went by and the crew as selfsufficient and forming the base of a new colony . building houses was not an easy task but thanks to their wristworn datasets they had access to a huge variety of knowledge . even the first houses built were already pretty good by earth standards . newline newline one evening , when everyone was gathered in the town plaza , matt seemed to be worried . newline newline  hey matt are you alright ?  joe asked . newline newline  yeah . yeah ! i m fine . but there is something i have to talk to you about . i knew this day would come and the time seems to be right .  newline newline  i hope it s not too serious  hans interjected . newline newline  no hans it s nothing bad , if that s what you were implying .  matt answered ,  it is serious nevertheless . we have to talk about procreation . as you know jessica and samantha have joined us on this mission not only because they are excellent astronauts but because they are ready to have children . for this mission , and our colony , to succeed , we need to have sex with each other . and we need to have sex with each other s children . keep in mind that you are doing this for humanity , not just for us .  newline newline  we knew this day would come and we are ready .  samantha broke a long silence . newline newline  good .  matt finished his drink and devised a plan which indicated who had to sleep with whom to avoid incest . newline newline newline            newline newline 70 years later everyone still kept track of who was and who was nt a sibling but the colony was steadily growing . there were already 38 people across all generations . newline matt , hans , joe , jessica and samantha were not having children anymore and rarely did any physical work but despite their age they still contributed to the colony with knowledge . food , water , energy and medicine were nt even problems anymore . but the five were dying . medicine had pushed the age at which humans die further but new earth medicine was not on the same level as old earth medicine . newline newline  i love you guys . you were the best crew one could ever hope for . this was the best life anyone from old earth ever lived . thank you !  matt said slowly . a tear visible on his cheek . newline newline  we love you too !  everyone else said in a unison voice . newline newline matt instructed the doctor to shut the life supply down , ending their lives . newline the doctor had grown fond of the crew and it was hard for him to act professional . newline  goodbye !  the doctor s voice trembled . newline newline the five were revered and never forgotten . newline newline           newline newline but wait , the story does nt end here .  click here   https : www.reddit.comrpryderagecomments461uk8projecthomecoming  to read the full story  it s longer than reddit s commend limit , sorry for that  . newline newline hope you enjoy  project homecoming  : the computer whizzed through its computations . hayden worked on his documents that needed to be completed before any adjustment was made . he hated this part of the job but in a certain sense this was the only time he d ever need to do this . hayden was an adjuster . his job involved searching through the annals of history for small butterflies  , as they were called , to step on . he would be the one to go back and institute a change such that the ripples in local history would eventually grow to a tsunami of centuries . this was the most important job of his life , as this was the biggest change he d ever made and will ever make . newline newline hayden studied several computations on the computer as they flew threw the quantum fluctuations . so many variables only a quantum computer could handle it . his superior , taggart , stepped in . newline newline  has the computer located the necessary changes ?  newline newline the computer clicked off as the final sum completed and the list was displayed on the monitor . newline newline  perfect timing again taggart . looks like ...  hayden studied the monitor  june 6th 1994 .  taggart eyed the report  the necessary change looks to be smashing in a car window .  newline newline hayden took the portable display monitor and headed for the door . taggart spoke up ,  be careful on this one hayden , this is a major change . humanity dies because of this one .  newline newline hayden entered into the chamber . he clicked on the elevator style machine as it took him down  . he felt a similar sensation to going down on an elevator . the slight weightless you feel in your stomach , except this was temporal so he felt his temporal weight lessen as he was allowed downwhen . he stepped out of the elevator . there stood the 1990 s crew of the temporal agency . newline newline for each decade a crew is assigned , who each report to a century supervisor , who in turn reports to the millennial coordinator , who finally reports to the bureau . he was an adjuster so he moved about the millenniums making the needed adjustments . usually time would take its course and any single change could affect only local time . the larger the change the higher up the needed support . this change would need all 7 of the bureau s approval , which he had . newline newline he could see it now , as he stepped out of the elevator . he would exit at january 1st 1994 , each door would lead out to that day . he needed to wait 6 months and 5 days . then he would smash in the driverside window of a new 1994 honda accord ex , parked at 1903 far barrow lane . hayden walked through the office . it was styled after 1994 decor should any normal human accidentally walk in to the lobby . he passed by the people working on small minor adjustments . a kid being stopped on his bike by a cop  in reality a temporal agent  , preventing the death of the child and the subsequent depression of the mother who would then never be able to run for a school board office making a pivotal local change that was needed for local educations . but all of those were incredibly minor . no real change would result from those . the weight of his change would ripple through millennium . newline newline hayden stepped out on a sunny lawn in austin texas january 1st , 1994 in front of the temporal bureau . he looked at the file he held . a picture of the ancient ruins of austin texas dated january 1st , 5684 . several months prior among the millions of change requests that were constantly being checked and adjusted and checked again . the right combination of changes , which would be researched to prevent this kind of thing from happening again , would build up and eventually cause the nuclear holocaust of the human race , but now adjuster hayden would , on june 6th , smash a car window preventing the death of all mankind . newline newline he lived for the next 6 months in an apartment just outside of austin , working at a grocery store . it was a hot summer day june 6th , he drove up and parked his car in an alley way near by . he took out his crowbar and tried to nonchalantly walk up to the accord . his watch beeped . 10:24 am . right now the owner would be in the bathroom not able to hear a crash outside . he would then be late for work because of the realization of what happened . because of that he would lose his job . and he would never make a contribution to the company that in 54 more years would become a multibillion dollar company . he never had a higher up position so he would never write a paper proposing a certain deal with another large conglomerate that would thus never go through . his contributions would never lead to one of the biggest conglomerates in human history entering into an arms race which would stifle human progress to the stars . that pause would eventually lead to several superpowers not having the room to expand themselves and would lead to in 3 thousand years a war , which would cause the stockpiling of nuclear warheads which 2 thousand years later would end all human life . newline newline hayden stepped back into the temporal bureau building . taggert was waiting for him . several guards grabbed him . taggert looked at him harshly and read off of a portable screen  you have been found guilty of making an unauthorized adjustment . you will be tried by the bureau heads .  hayden looked in shock as he was dragged away by the guards . newline newline later in his cell , he sat in the cold . all changes are supposed to be kept in files outside of time to prevent this sort of thing from happening . a knock was heard and the door opened . a man hayden had never seen before stepped in . a small gold pin he wore told hayden who he was . a temporal bureau head . one of the 7 men in charge of all time . he looked down at hayden . newline newline  you prevented a nuclear war . that s quite the achievement . you ve been an adjuster for well over 10,000 adjustments . on your file it says that you started out as a local decade adjuster and after being noted for your skill at detecting smaller and smaller changes , you slowly moved up to a full temporal adjuster for the bureau heads . in such a case as yours , i felt it was necessary that i come down here myself to speak with you . as a head , i can authorize many changes . and so i made a small adjustment myself . you see the list was just produced which explains what temporal changes added up resulting in the destruction of the human race . and it turns out that all of them had two things in common . first , they were all executed by you . and second they were all approved by me . naturally i would also be called in to question . so a small change regarding your authority to make the nuclear war change was needed . i have set a meeting among the heads set for the exact date of the nuclear war , the very one you prevented . naturally i ca nt have you preventing it anymore . so your swift execution has been ordered . the ripple will reach you any minute now . and with that the nuclear holocaust leaving me as sole head of the bureau . you can feel it now , the window breaking in the apartment of your mother and father , preventing them from doing anything that morning . you have served us well adjuster hayden .  newline newline the head stepped out of the cell and into his elevator . as he pressed up and exited time . he could feel time try to grab at his knowledge of the man that no longer existed , and it failed as it could not reach him outside time . he stepped out in the year 1,000,000 toward his new office . he smiled reading the title printed on his door .  temporal bureau chief   jake  not everybody likes beer ryan . newline   ryan  you re right man , everyone loves it . now , get in the truck . i got ta get home fairly soon . my mom is waiting on me . newline   jake  do you mind if i drive ? newline   ryan  yes , of course i mind if you drive my truck . newline   jake  dude , i have nt had much to drink and you ... newline   ryan  you can not drive . i am going to becuase we both know i can hold my liquor down better man . newline   jake  what ever dude . newline newline   jake enters the truck  newline newline   ryan  what kind of retard worries about a five minute ride home ?she dusted itself off quickly , leaving a little drift of sparkling dust on the top of my kitchen table . newline newline i finished the rest of my coffee , as my tabby looked up at me expectantly , and miaoued for my attention . i scratched it behind the ears , and it let out a low thrumm of appreciation . newline newline we did nt speak for a few minutes . she stared at me sullenly , still slightly damp , and obviously embarrassed . as far as pixies go , she was pretty , but they all are , with a spunky blond head of hair , cropped short , in the eponymous style , and eyes like pale sapphire . she was wearing that leafleather armor that clung like wet cloth , and of course there were her iridescent dragonfly wings , buzzing into and out of visibility as she fluttered , out of aggravation . pixies have very bad poker faces . newline newline her cheeks puffed up , and looked away from me . newline newline ... they re also very stubborn . newline newline i set down my cup , and sighed . fine . newline newline  no . no , i wo nt go back .  newline newline she looked like she d been struck .  what ? ! i ... i have nt even asked you ye  newline newline i used my oh , please  face .  there s only one reason a pixie would be watching my house . you want me for something .  newline newline her posture deflated , and then straightened . she pulled a scroll from her belt , which was written on the rolled slip from a fortune cookie .  ser nicholas , as the only mortal to best oberon in the great game , the realm requests your presence as  newline newline  i already said no . my terms were clear . i owe you nothing .  newline newline  but ... we could remove the last traces of the  newline newline  i m not stepping back into that world for whatever this is . i would nt care if oberon was here himself  newline newline  actually , this request is from titania .  newline newline ... that got me . but i could nt show it .  then i really do nt care .  i snorted to hide the hitch in my voice , trying to only let the scorn in the snarl of emotions in my chest show on my face .  what is this , some fey version of a booty call ? ! that ship sailed . ... sailed and sank .   newline newline the fairy must have felt miserable , because she looked it . her wings drooped like a wilted flower .  but you re the only one  newline newline  i said !   newline newline her perfume hit me first . it was like a spring flower garden , after a cool rain . and then , something warm and hot . honey , and cinnamon . musk . newline newline and then she was there . she was a vision . clothes like silver moss , and cobweb , cut by an artist as depraved as he was brilliant . hers was a body made to drive men mad , and her face was cruelly beautiful . imperious . heartless . newline newline i had no idea how much i d missed it . newline newline there was no mein of control now , though . she d been crying , crying hard . and it made her , at least for that second , look disturbingly ... human . like she had a heart . newline newline  nick , nick , please  her voice still sounded like glass bells , but , perhaps , they were cracked ? i wanted to forgive her everything in that moment . and that made me infuriated with myself . newline newline  you have a lot of nerve to come here !  newline newline  oberon s gone !   newline newline i stood there , thunderstruck . you could knock me over with a feather . newline newline  ... what are you saying , tani ?  i said carefully . too late , i noticed i d spoke the petname . i could just kick myself for that . newline newline  gone ! kidnapped !   she burst out . newline newline my blood ran cold again . my rancor flowed back .  oh . ok. could nt have happened to a nicer guy .   newline newline it was her turn to look shocked .  you why would you say something  newline newline i m an idiot . such an idiot . of course she does nt understand .  you have no idea , none , what your coming here does to me , do you ? !  newline newline  but , but said you do nt care who had come !  ... shit . damn fucking fairies . say the wrong thing ...  you re the only one who can save him !  newline newline  get . out .  my face was set in stone . she stood there , clearly uncomprehending , eyes still fogged with tears . sapphires , under clear water . newline newline i do nt know if i ve ever been so mad ... i could barely breathe . no . no , i ve been madder than this . once . and it was her fault then , too . wait . my eyes ? wet ? tears ? !  newline newline  i revoke your welcome , titania , queen of the fairies . effective immediately .  newline newline she only had time to blink once , before the air wavered like the breeze from a funace , and with an almighty crack !  , like the snap of a whip , she was gone . newline newline ... newline newline it was sometime in the afternoon that i d finally managed to stop shaking . i was sitting on the couch , my striped tabby curled up on my lap . newline newline i became dimly aware of a buzzing sound . i looked up . it was the pixie . and she looked ... pissed . and not adorable at all . newline newline  ... you re an ass , nick bottom .  newline newline i let one of my long , tufted ears flick in acknowledgement . my tail twitched in agitation , and i felt my lips draw back over my human teeth . ... and then i thought better of it . newline newline  ... i know .  newline newline  she needed your help ! whwhy were you so cruel  she stopped , and looked at me .  you know ? !  there was something like hope in her curious look . newline newline  well , partially one . i m working on it . it can be hard to meet an ex .  newline newline i sighed . i was going to regret this . newline newline  ok. tell me about ... oberon .  newline newlinea red haired woman sat in the office of the assistant director . this agent was ... well , he reminded her of her former partner , back when she had been a field agent . he kept his hair just a bit longer than most of the men working in the bureau . she looked him over . newline newline  a.d. scully ? why did you call me in here ?  newline newline  i m assigning you to another division , agent . your outburst on your last case forced me to reconsider having you in the cid .  she kept a very measured tone of voice .  what was it you said ? this is clearly ...   newline newline agent pines sighed .  ... a psychic murder . but if you knew what i ...  newline newline a.d. scully held up her hand to silence him .  do nt assume what i do an do not know , agent . i am assigning you to a very special division , one of our most chronically understaffed . you see , we currently only have one agent working there , and her performance is ... less than satisfactory for the division .  newline newline  why are you telling me this ? i mean , it sounds like you re giving me the short end of the stick here .  newline newline  because the xfiles ... please , close your mouth , agent pines .  she gave him a moment to comply .  the xfiles need someone who is rational and open to the idea of things that modern science and government protocol do not allow for . the agent working there right now lost her partner about a year ago , and her strict adherence to traditional scientific techniques , while commendable , does not solve the cases to which i assign her . i ve updated your clearance to allow you access to the xfiles office in the basement . i expect you to report there immediately , and ... well , your last case was nt exactly closed , agent pines .  newline newline   newline newline agent dipper pines was in his early 20s . he had the youthful exuberance that came with his age , and being fresh through the academy . of course , his summer in gravity falls had been a major influence in choosing this line of work . he still tried to hide his birthmark , but the professionalism of the fbi made it hard . he could nt wear a hat , and had already been chewed out once for keeping his hair too long . newline newline but he knew about the xfiles . he had been dreaming of them ever since candy had emailed him about them . the fbi s very own version of ford s old journal , cases unsolved , unexplained , and often mysterious . of course , most agents were very tightlipped about them , and apparently they were kept under lock and key since some incident a decade earlier . rumours were that no more than two agents were assigned to the xfiles at any given time . newline newline stepping out of the elevator into the basement , he took note of the heavy security doors on his left . on the door was just the letter  x  in an uncharacteristic red . most of the doors were labeled with nameplates at one side , usually with black text on a brass plate . not the xfiles , though . newline newline dipper swiped his badge through the id scanner , and the door slid open . it was quieter than he had expected . he stepped inside and saw a dimly lit room  it seemed as if half the lights were burned out  , with a desk in the middle . on the walls were posters  the periodic table and other intelligent stuff of the sort . sitting at the desk was his new partner ... newline newline she had black hair tied back in a bun , but still looked slightly unkempt . she even had forelocks hanging down over her ears as she looked over the case file .  oh , come on ,  she muttered .  why ca nt i go back to the labs ? why does a.d. scully keep me assigned down here investigating little green men and psychic murders .  there is no such thing as a psychic !  as her hands slammed on the desk , she looked up .  and you are ?  newline newline  dipper ... er , agent dipper pines . i ve just been assigned to the xfiles ,  he said . newline newline  yes ! i m finally being replaced ,  she said , standing up .  well , it s nice to meet you , agent pines . i am finally out of ...  newline newline  i m supposed to be your partner .  newline newline  partner ?  her eyes narrowed as she looked at the young man .  you mean i m still stuck in these xfiles ? i thought i would finally be getting out of here when a.d. sculyl said she was ... sending someone down . oh , sweet sun and moon , do you have any idea how it feels to investigate these cases ?  newline newline dipper sweated a bit .  er , not exactly . though i have looked into a few of these paranormal things before ,  he said , offering his hand .  so , uh , i m agent dipper pines . and you are ?  newline newline  agent twilight ... sparkle ,  she said . newline newline  sparkle ? what kind of name is ...  newline newline  it s my parents  name , obviously .  she breathed out firmly through her nose , looking dipper in the eyes .  please , you can call me twilight . i ve never cared for the family name .  newline newline  oh , okay , twilight . you can call me ...  newline newline  agent pines will be fine for me ,  she said .  i know scully wants us on this socalled psychic murder , but i m sure it s just a ritual killing . come on , you can get settled in after the case . we should be back by tomorrow night .  newline newline dipper nodded , and took a moment to look over the case file once more time . this had to be a psychic murder , he told himself . and if this was nt an xfile , he did nt know what was ... newline newline the victim was one gideon gleeful , traveling showman . regardless of his personal feelings for the victim , though , dipper knew there had to be something going on . something big . why else would somebody kill gideon , and leave him in his own personal zodiac sign ? newline newline taking a deep breath , he followed twilight out of their office . this was going to be a big one .the crack rang loud . the man crossed the threshold back into the reality that he had come from . newline newline  i did it ! i solved the grandfather paradox .  newline newline  no you did nt .  newline newline the man frowned at his assistant .  i killed my past self ! but i m still here ! it means the time bastard theory is true . time travelers are immune !  newline newline the assistant shrugged .  did you shoot me ?  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  shitty experiment . if you shot me you could have seen if i , not a traveler , was also immune . now we do nt know . besides it could be multiple universes . but we do nt know . we pumped so much energy into the device we could have created another , isolated universe .  newline newline newline the main scientist was getting annoyed .  so you re telling me that i just sacrificed the sun , and therefore the world . and i proved nothing ?  newline newline newline  yup .  newline newline  any reason you did nt want to share this earlier ? i was busy building the device , it was your job to prepare the tests .  newline newline the assistant shrugged .  maybe if you actually paid me i could have told you sooner . or you know , you googled a philosophy class . oh well .  newline newline you  ve been trumped !  newline newline well , the catchphrase was easy enough , but everything beyond that was really hard . newline newline i had been out of the papers long enough that i felt i could get away with my plan . i decided to start small . i started surveying the slums for my targets . a short while full of failure later , i realised my cadillac limousine was not really inconspicuous . so went with my greatest strength  my wealth . any private detective would be suspicious if i started asking for general reports on an area , especially if the targets were attacked soon after . i paid off a few police clerks and soon had a copy of all the police files . say what you want about computers , but nothing beats looking a man in his photograph as you hold it in your hands . still , efficiency requires i get access to their computerised records so the search for an assistant goes on . newline newline there are many billionaire detectives in fiction . the most famous are bruce wayne and tony stark . i have the money , but not the atheleticism or electronic genius . still , i know how to make the most of my resources . newline newline i bought a strength enhancing suit from the darpa developer  passed it off as a rich mans toy . i also started investing into defense r  d contractors so i could get news of new toys . anyway , the suit was shit . newline newline i thought i would try it our on some junkie lowlife scum . even batman started small . so i bought a humvee , had it painted black and stored in a garage i owned near the slums . i picked out my target  single junkie living in a house near the edge of the slums . small guy , easy practice . newline newline while i kept watch on him , i assembled my gear . my bodyguards had got used to me being more interested in exercise so upgrading the gym to something more serious was easy and didn  t raise any suspicions . i had the military suit shipped to a warehouse i owned after i had the security upgraded . i sneaked out of the office several times to try it on and spray paint it black . one night i stole a kevlar vest from the security guards lockers . newline newline the last thing i needed was a mask . i was out of ideas until i was watching the xmen . magneto  s helmet . square the eyepiece gaps and it  ll make a good  t  over the face . i got one made from a cosplay costuming company . i also found a motorcycle helmet with builtin phone headset . perfect . a bit of superglue and i have a helmet with a phone headset . i  ll try this version first , then see if i can fit one of those google glass things into it . newline newline so came the big night . i sneaked out and suited up . i got into my secondhand escalade  the humvee wouldn  t fit in some streets  and drove to the street behind his house . i got out and sneaked across the neighbour  s yard . the picket fence was rotten and loose and i got through easily . newline his door was unlocked . i found him sprawled on the sofa , drunk from the look of the cheap bottle next to him . i thought about setting the proper mood . newline newline i walked up next to him and planted a foot on his chest . as his eyes flicked open , i triggered the suits builtin led spots and yelled  kevin jones , you have been trumped !  i should really get a speaker for that . newline newline to my surprise , he rolled off the couch and slipped under the footplate of the suit . that  s when it went bad . he had a baseball bat hidden under the couch and he started swinging at me with it . so i found out the hard way why the suit is used for carrying loads and not for frontline combat  it just slows you down too much . one of the hits bent one of the leg hydraulics and i was suddenly almost crippled . i got a lucky punch in and was pretty sure i hurt him badly  i think i broke his ribs . he coughed blood and hunched over . i swung at him but he painfully ducked and ran out of the house . i had to get away too . the police would not come , but there was no way i could take him on again , especially if he brought somebody with a gun . newline newline i limped out of the house and got back to the car . i drove back to the warehouse with great difficulty . i had a lot of bruises but luckily no broken bones . i passed it off as the attack of a young lady who just realised she would never be the next mrs. trump . that doused any suspicions my guards seemed to have . still , i need a new plan . newline newline so i went back over my plan and studied the greats again . bruce wayne had trained himself to physical perfection before he ever got the idea of being batman . tony stark used his genius to save himself . oliver queen was trained to fight and survive . newline newline so i changed tacks . i will play to my strengths . i started a private policing company . we take contracts to patrol high end neighbourhoods . this allowed me to have a data sharing deal with the police . three calls to the police chief and mayor from my local billionaire buddies later , we got direct realtime access to the 911 system and police records . newline newline so i follow in the footsteps of the greats . bruce wayne used his body and his mind . stark used his mind . wealth was an incidental asset to them but it is my primary asset . newline newline now i target the criminals through the system . we make it impossible for them to live in my city . but i don  t export our crime . when they get to another city , that  s when part two of my plan comes into play . i  m rich . i can afford to pay for the hits . newline newline today i move onto bigger targets . our senator is a piece of shit . he  s collected millions from many , including me . but now the usefulness of his corruption is at an end . he  s on his way to d.c. for a meeting . he  s borrowing my jet . it  s fully insured . and i left my briefcase on it . it has a lot of explosives and a reliable detonator .the book , if it can even be called such a thing , is fixed to a metal pole that rises from the center of the room . its position on the pole can be adjusted , so that it can be read either standing or sitting . the pole serves as the book s spine , and its pages fan outwards in a perfect cylinder nearly a foot and a half across . it has no beginning and no end . its length is impossible to estimate . the pages of the book are infinitely compressible , so that even though the book appears as a solid mass of paper , i can easily part the pages and compress them to half their size , a quarter , a third . a fraction of the book contains an arbitrary number of pages , perhaps even as many as the book itself . newline newline at first , i felt as if my task was in fact a great blessing . the book is infinite , and contains all of human knowledge and all knowledge denied to us . it has a narrative , i am sure of that , but one so long and convoluted that i can not even begin to comprehend it . it stretches on infinitely and touches on everything . i read the history of the world and the history of a thousand worlds separate from ours . some of the characters were fanciful , and some i faintly recognized from a past life , rendered to me in perfect detail so that i knew them more intimately than i ever did before . i read pages of utter nonsense , letters repeated seemingly at random , and then later on detailed instructions to pull meaning from from those ciphers . at those times i paged back frantically , terrified that i would no longer be able to find the previous pages , and that some portion of the book would be obscured to me forever . i read treatises on philosophy and mathematics that left me breathless with wonder , more enlightened than any human soul still alive . i read an accounting of my own soul , and the judgement that sentenced me to this fate , and found it utterly unimpeachable . newline newline but i soon realized that where the book was infinite , i was but a speck in comparison . i could not hope to retain even a fraction of what i read . it might take a hundred years , two hundred years , but eventually even the most dazzling revelations would fade from my memory . trying to find old pages was impossible . the pages refused to fold or tear or accept any mark . all i had to mark my place was a single bookmark , a small strip of red cloth that clung to any page i pressed it to . i could not cut it , could not tear it  it refused to stick to more than one page at a time . it was all i could do to remember where i left off before i fell asleep , my head spinning with all i had learned . i was surrounded by wonders , but could only push on ceaselessly forward . newline newline wonder replaced itself with hopelessness and paranoia . i considered myself utterly inadequate for the task . what was the point of having access to such knowledge when i was incapable of truly comprehending it ? there were moments of dread when i sat halfconvinced that there was some vital piece of information that i had forgotten , that i needed to continue . even the first sentence i had read , when i first flipped through the book and arbitrarily chose a page to begin , even that was lost to me . i cursed and railed against myself , wishing i had burnt that sentence into my brain , repeated it to myself again and again the first thing upon waking . but instead i had allowed the beginning of the book to be lost , and now the ending seemed similarly out of reach . newline newline i now sought only to finish the book , in hopes that i could begin to comprehend it through its completion . centuries passed , and certain passages began to seem familiar to me , as if i had read them before . the words were just familiar enough to give me hope , unfamiliar enough to make me doubt . when i began to suspect that my task had ended , that i had finally reached where i started and found understanding , i would come across something completely foreign and be forced to read on . for centuries still that maddened hope ate away at me , gnawed at me with every page . i obsessed over the possible explanations . newline newline if the book truly was infinite , i reasoned , it would contain every variation on every sentence . perhaps these seeming repetitions were merely a product of having read up to this point . if one had studied the world in detail , would not everything start to seem familiar ? on other days , i would conclude it was all part of my punishment . the book was shifting , the letters rearranging themselves on the page the moment i turned away , just different enough to make me doubt . the book was truly impossible to finish , warping itself simply to torment me . or worst of all , perhaps it was merely my mind that had betrayed me . perhaps i had read this all before , a hundred times before . perhaps i d gone maddened and senile with age , and could have finished my task a hundred times over if i was nt too deluded to realize it . newline newline i sought either damnation or salvation . instead i read on and on and on , constantly doubting myself , hating myself , hating the book . what i once found fascinating , i now viewed as some conspiracy to torment me , or alternately as an irrefutable sign of my own worthlessness . i fruitlessly sought to tear out its pages . i flipped desperately through the pages , carving notes onto my skin in futile attempts to prove or disprove my theories . i made brilliant conclusions and then the next day dismissed them as the work of a madman . the book gave me all the information i needed , confirmed and denied everything i could conceive of . i understood perfectly how this was a punishment worthy of hell newline newline until today . today i woke and the bookmark was lying on the floor . for the first time in an eternity , it had slipped from the book while i slept . standing there , staring dumbly at the red scrap of cloth on the floor , i realized i was equally lost . i could not remember even the pages i had read yesterday . i flipped through the book and found nothing familiar . all my progress had been erased . this is an unprecedented event . i have read the histories of a thousand worlds , and this is something utterly new . newline newline it is a miracle . newline newline praise be to god , praise be to god . god is merciful , and even in my damned state he has seen fit to ease my suffering . my long torment is over . today i start anew .i raise an eyebrow . this was the weirdest introductory assignment i ve ever heard . newline newline  so , we just need you to talk down this mime . should be an easy task for a woman of your skills , if i m to assume right about you . plane sets off for sicily as soon as you can go ,  said the case officer with a warm grin . newline newline my head throbs . partly from the celebratory hangover from last night , and partly from the sheer stupidity of the situation ... shit , did i remember to turn the stove off at home ? newline newline not only was it bad enough that i was getting put on negotiations instead of swat , now i have to deal with a literal mute nutcase on the first day . newline newline  wait , how am i supposed to negotiate with a mime ?  newline newline  how do you think you re supposed to ?  the handler said with a wide grin ,  ... i mean , it s obvious , come on !  newline newline alright , crazy guy . clearly you re bluffing or as high as fuck right about now . should i call hr ? drugtesting was supposed to be started soon anyway . newline newline his eyes droop to a tired , exasperated expression as he notices me reaching for my phone ,  wait , stop .  newline newline  no , seriously . what the hell is this mime even doing anyway ? bomb threat ? terrorism ? just general kidnapping ? why is nt the gign handling this anyway ?  newline newline case officer shrugs ,  because frere jacques is cambodianamerican . it s in the case file !  newline newline i could feel my eyes starting to recede into the back of my skull ,  right after the line that says we kinda need to not shoot him because he s a literal supervillain !  what does that even mean ? !  newline newline  it means he has a laser aimed at the goddamned moon ! look ! we re the fbi ! we ca nt just murder people , that s the cia s job ! now , we need you to prevent him from killing the moon ! is that so much trouble for a person of your skill , really ?  newline newline i slam my fist on the table , shaking my mugful of java ,  this is my first day , what skills are you talking about ? !  newline newline  leave me alone !  newline newline the case officer runs out of his seat , jacks my coffee cup , and dashes out of the room with the speed of a catholic schoolgirl on shark week . the door handle clicks with a lock , leaving me all alone in the conference room with a case file on some weird mime . newline newline huh . newline newline now , what to do ... newline newline                                         newline newline on a windy day off the coast of sicily , hidden island fortress of frere jacques newline newline  monsieur ! monsieur !  newline newline a whitefaced man dressed in monochrome turns to meet the hunchbacked manservant slobbering giddily on his fine rug . jacques huffed and continued to sip his dark red wine and twirl his long mustache . newline newline igor i mean , the manservant continued to breath heavily as he pulls a thin remote out from his labcoat pocket . newline newline  monsieur jacques ! me and the laddies downstairs have finished your laser ! soon , the weapon will be fully operational and we can take the moon hostage !  newline newline jacques smiled and laughed as heartily as a mute mime could , meaning he just sat there and opened his mouth a little bit like only a crazy , classicallytrained cambodianamerican mime could . newline newline soon . soon , he knew . frere jacques knew that the come has come for his plan to be put into action . no more would mankind mock him for his miming abilities . no more would people beat his shins with croissants and invite him to tim horton s . newline newline ever since vancouver , jacques had completely given up on humanity as he knew it . no more would he be called a goddamned frenchcanadian . newline newline a heavy whirl rang through the air . its wretched noise bouncing through the windows of jacques s castles , filling up the ears of the two evildoers . newline newline  oh god !  the manservant yelped to himself , rushing over to the window . newline newline his eyes bulged at the sight several kilometers off the coast of the beachhead . ramming in with the speed of a plane about to crash into a supervillain hideout within the span of the next paragraph , was a plane that was about to crash into jacque s supervillain hideout within the next line . newline newline oh right , it was windy today . newline newline three lines ? newline newline boom !  newline                      newline newline three . newline newline over the ashes and char of the shattered castle , a woman with a megaphone came floating down , lifted by a pretty , black parachute . newline newline  this is the fbi ! we come in peace ! come out and surrender yourselves immediately to hostage negotiations !  newline newline there was nt an answer . jacques was dead . the manservant was dead . the basement full of childlabor was dead . newline newline i d say the moon was dead too if it were nt for the fact that the deathlaser was off a fraction upon firing . took off a nasty chunk of mars , i ll give you that . newline newline the novice negotiator waited in silence . by the time she landed , there was still only silence . there was silence when she started building a shelter for the night . there was silence that morning when she came out to salvage from the castle for evidence . newline newline a week and a coastguard rescue later , she suddenly realized something . something very , very important was realized on the steps of the medal of honor ceremony . newline newline she bowed her head , took the medal , and commandeered a civilian vehicle on the way out of the capitol . two hours later , she arrived to her shitty , overpriced apartment building in quantico to the sight of a shit , overpriced burning apartment building . newline newline that , my dear friends , is why you should always check the stove when you leave your house . today s other post has to come first   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments40jid5wpusethebootstrapparadoxandscareme  newline newline i lay still . the pain was indescribable . i lay still . newline newline i wanted to die . i wanted to live . i wanted anything  anything !  i knew i was dying . there was a hole in my head . i knew this was it . newline newline i wanted to say that i was nt moving out of bravery , or my tolerance for pain . the truth is , i do nt think i could move . whatever damage i d done to myself , i doubt i could have done anything . i just lay there . i just lay there for the last satisfaction of my life . newline newline i wanted to see the son of a bitch press that button . i sent me to my death . i wanted to send him to his . that was the only satisfaction i could get here , bleeding and dying on the cheap carpet i had nt thought of as a problem until this moment . newline newline i had fourteen minutes to go . he knew this  i knew this . newline newline i couldnt die before that point . i couldnt . i had to see that motherfucker die . newline newline if i had to stay alive for no other reason , it was to see him die . i had to see me die . fuck him . fuck him !  newline newline spite is all i have left . newline newline that motherfucker was going to suffer like i did . and i was going to stay alive long enough to see it .it  s 8am , how do i know ? i can hear gary or as  it  refers to him as an  alarm.  he  s sounding off like always , the sound is horrible and one i  m not particularly fond of hearing but gary isn  t that much of a bad guy . at least from what i  ve seen , his job seems easy except for the whole getting hit when those tall things decide it  s time to wake up . newline newline before gary there was holly , holly was silver and was this wide oblique shape that was nice to look at . i remember one time when  it  left me on top of his drawer , i was awaken by holly and her soothing sound . it didn  t wake up , no , it snored and rolled over . i was glad because it didn  t hit holly for her to be silent like usually . newline a part of me wanted her to stop and in due time she did . before long she was sounding off again , i don  t think it appreciated her second ring because it flung her across the room . i watched as she smashed across the wall above me , her body parts fell apart atop the drawer beside me . the light that would appear across as it would hit 8am was gone . she was silent and i knew this wasn  t the type of silence where i  d be able to hear her sound off again . no , this was different  this was replacement silence . newline newline i wouldn  t call it death , no , death meant gone forever . i know for a fact that holly isn  t dead because if recycled and put together somehow , somewhere she  ll be used and made alive again . its wife on the other hand is dead , you can  t put her together or recycle her like you can with holly . that is the difference between us and it saddens me because they disregard us as nothing . maybe that  s why they can  t be recycled or put together because we have no voice , no defence but most of we get to come back in one form or another . newline newline gary is put to silence after a few and it wakes up and he walks over to me , picks me up and places me around his wrist . newlinecold . i ca nt escape it , i shake and scream and twist against it , but it s there and it does not leave . eventually i accept the ice , when it has been so long that i do nt remember anything else . my mind moves so slowly . then i feel the chill again , and i screech and pity myself alone . newline newline i do nt know why i survive . my fingers are twisted , blackened claws that pull my ragged leathers closer in the wind . the dark ice below me reflects a face i do nt know . my feet  when was the last time i saw them ?  wrapped and tied and bound in layer upon layer of furs and skins and anything scavenged from the dead . i dug through bodies piled on the roads before i began to head east . they did nt need warmth . it s mine now . i took it as their frozen eyes watched me . newline newline i keep walking . newline newline land disappeared a long time ago . we were headed south , kept heading south , but the ice claimed everything . fruits shattered to the touch in branches . nothing lived to hunt . what we did find ... even in the cold , it rotted and stank . what we found ... we . there was a we . we dug through the frozen bodies . and when the light came again in the morning , there was only i . now i am crossing a frozen ocean , walking , walking , looking for those rumors of warmth in the shadowy east . newline newline it s dark again . newline newline at night , all i know is the cold . i hear nothing , i see nothing , i feel nothing but the cold . i am ice made flesh . my heart beats to gusts of wind . newline newline how long have i stopped ? i vaguely remember light passing , leaving , and coming around again . how many times ? my legs creak and ice breaks away as i move starved muscles out of their cage . i look up , straining to move weatherbeaten eyelids . i feel the cold blow through a long scratch along my back , one that cut through leather and flesh . was it always there ? yes ... when we became i . newline newline i lose the thought as my eyes see something . there . a figure . will there be warmth ? they are red , i am a gaunt , icy statue . i watch . the figure knows me , the figure has come for me . it touches me , and everything is black ... and warm . newline newline   newline  what is it ?  newline newline i am human . newline newline  is it living ?  newline newline i am alive . newline newline  no .  newline newline no ? newline newline  it s a partial transformation ... the body is long dead .  newline newline  what do we do ?  newline newline my eyes are still open ... locked open ? i see red , i see fire , my nose is thawed and it smells rotted flesh and strange vapors . newline newline  there s nothing we can do for her , for this one . but she can do something for us .  newline newline my heart no longer beats to the wind . i am no longer cold . did i find it ? i found the warmth ? newline newline  it looks like all the others . blue eyes . it will wake up and kill . what is special about this one ?  newline newline me ? newline newline  the consciousness remains . the human she was , preserved in the body of the walking dead . this is the gift we have seen walking in our fires for hundreds of years . the final piece of our prophecy .  newline newline the two women of asshai , the apprentice and the sorceress , stood in silence . many had turned from rhollor as the icy years dragged on , spreading from westeros to cover and kill the known world . newline newline my eyes saw the flashing red ruby around the neck of the red woman , the figure who found me . i found the remains of a rotting tongue in my mouth , and spat out  newline newline  i  am  warm ! i d just finished preparing my latest victim , wrapping him in clingfilm in the murder room i had constructed just for this purpose . newline newline  beep beep  went the phone . who could that be ? newline newline do i finish this now , or check my message ? i guess a few more seconds of life for this piece of trash would be ok ... newline newline picking up my phone i swiped in the shape of a l. the phone unlocked and i opened the messaging app . newline newline the message was from genre . on no ... here we go again . tap open . newline newline spy thriller  . hmm ... this was going to be ... interesting . newline newline i yank the back off the phone , extract the sim card , then snap it in half . they wo nt be tracking me through this device any more . newline newline now , the microfilm . where had he hidden it ? i d noticed a scar across the abdomen so without any ceremony i picked up a small knife and opened it up . newline newline my victim attempted to scream , and thrash , but was securely tied . newline newline reaching inside , i pushed through and around to the sound of squelching noises , but did nt feel the hard canister . it must be in here somewhere . newline newline he s passed out . when he wakes up he better tell me where the microfilm is ... otherwise i ll be a long , painful night . newlinei just did nt want to die . that s how this started . newline newline this has been going on for as long as i can remember . every day i wake up , feeling refreshed . feeling like a new man . only for me , it s in true in a much more literal sense . newline newline i decided today to look through my journals . yesterday i realized i could nt remember my own mother s face anymore . i knew the process did nt do a perfect upload , but i did nt really think about it much until i realized how much i had forgotten . i ca nt even remember how long this has been going on . newline newline every night , i perform the upload and black out . in the morning , i wake up feeling totally restored . the previous body melts away . i do nt understand the technology exactly , but for some reason they ca nt get all the proteins and biological matter to stick together for more than a day . it s not a problem though . almost all of it can be reclaimed by the machine and reused in future bodies . the ingredients just need to be topped off every once in a while to make sure there s enough salts and fluids and amino acids and whatever else . newline newline the only other problem is that the mind upload is nt quite perfect . every once in a while a stray neuron does nt get copied correctly and so i gradually lose my memory . i m at the point now where i ca nt even remember my childhood or my parents . this has been my life for as long as i can remember . newline newline it does nt bother me much though . and hey , living a forgetful life is better than no life at all . i do nt want to die , who does ? besides forgetting things frees up space in my mind . i leave myself notes every once in a while reminding me to watch movies i ve forgotten about . newline newline no movies today though . i want to go through some of my old journals . i wonder if the old me would approve of what he  i have become . are we even the same person anymore ? there s nothing stopping me from starting up another clone early and having two of me walking around at the same time ... after all the machine is a mind upload , not a mind relocator . newline newline i try not to think about that idea . i have my routine set up so that there s only ever one , as soon as one body runs down i start up the next . that way i m just hopping from one to the next . i do nt want to feel like i m dying just to let someone else live my life the next day . newline newline the dates on these journal entries go back over a hundred years . has it really been that long ? i guess my parents came from money so they could afford this experimental machine . the biological matter it needs to keep running is pretty cheap , so i guess it was a one time up front cost for them to keep their son alive forever . the journal entries for the old me seem so scared . i had some terminal illness it looks like . i ca nt even remember those days . it s like reading a story about someone else . he sounds so scared . he keeps writing  i do nt want to die  . newline newline i stop by the store to get some salt , some chicken for the protein , some purified water , some other vital ingredients . the machine is running low , it s time to top it off . finally , at the end of the day i lay down in the pod so i can start the upload process and nod off to sleep . the nice thing about this machine is that as soon as the upload is complete , i immediately fall asleep so i can wake up rested the next morning . newline newline once i m strapped in and i close the metal hatch the humming starts . some probes spin around my head , scanning every single neuron and synapse buzzing though my skull . any second now i ll be asleep . newline newline but sleep does nt come . i ve never had this happen before . the machine is supposed to put me to sleep so i can wake up tomorrow in my new body . if the machine is broken i ll die ! i do nt want to die ! pounding on the pod walls does nothing . i need to get out so i can reset it ! did i mess something up when i topped off the materials ? that s when i noticed the inside of the pod has some scratch marks . along one of the welded metal seams i see a tiny white speck . it s a piece of broken fingernail . newline newline it dawns on me . the machine does nt put me to sleep . the scan stops , so the last thing i remember each night is the end of the upload process . my body is deteriorating . soon it will be the slurry of goop used to make the next iteration of me . newline newline what an ironic fate . i tried so hard to live forever , but all i did was kill myself every day . i wondered how many times i d had this exact though before melting away .to be honest , it s almost a relief . actually , it s more than that  i feel , from the minute he sneers , licks a line of blood off his upper lip , and says ,  you re not the hero , david . im the hero ,  like i can finally be done pretending . newline newline being the hero  trying to be the hero  was always a chore . in hindsight , it seems so obvious that it was something i was never supposed to do , never even capable of doing . i have felt , ever since i was very , very small , that i was trying to mold myself into somebody that i could never be . i did nt have the moral fortitude . newline newline heroes are the people who never hesitated to do the right thing . hell , most of the time , they are nt even aware that there s any other option . i ve never been like that . i have always been inclined to give into my ... darker tendencies . when there s a cat stuck in a tree , my kneejerk reaction is to wait and watch to see how long before it falls to the ground and expires . when there s a damselindistress , i always want to say ,  what ll you give me if i save you ?  newline newline so it makes sense that i m not a hero , so much sense that i ca nt believe i did nt realize it earlier . my arch nemesis is looking at me like he thinks i m going to be absolutely devastated that i am not the good guy , and i am only thinking about ways in which i can use that to my advantage , use that to outsmart him , or to beat him , or to kill him . newline newline if that s not proof that i m the bad guy , i do nt know what is .i ran upstairs and past my friends , into the nearest room . what had i gotten myself into ? ! the ceiling cracked and bursted , allowing a hulking pig beast to drop in . i ran back out the door , screaming at my friends to run away , as the beast broke the door off its hinges . i drew my sword and straightened my back . social studies is the worst . newline newline record scratch newline newline this , is me . you re probably wondering how a skinny and completely average person like me ended up here . it all started 5 minutes ago ... .. newline newline 5 minutes earlier : newline newline  yo dude , mr neumann s asleep !  i said as i sat in my social studies class . i turned to alex , but he was nt next to me , i blinked twice . my school had become a hall . granted , a school is already made up of halls , but that s going off on a tangent . this hall , was an enormous marble structure , shaped like a glorified triangle . newline newline  hello ?  my voice echoed .  alex ? jackson ? sean ?  nobody responded . newline newline a hologram of a short man wearing a black cloak appeared in front of me . newline newline  qexecute order , uuuuhhh , 66 !  said the hologram , holding a phone in his hand . newline newline  do you want fries with that , sir ?  croaked a crackling voice from the phone . newline newline  no i do not want fries ! i hate fri oh you re here !  the hologram said , throwing the phone out of existence . newline newline  welcome to the hall of heroes ! a place where you do nt get to choose your weapon , no matter how shitty the one you receive may be !  said the hologram newline newline  okay ? what do i do ?  i asked the hologram . newline newline  i dunno , it ll call you i guess . i m hungry for a big mac so you figure it out by yourself  answered the hologram as it sat down and ate a burger . newline newline  fine then .  i responded , walking down the hall . weapons were randomly strewn about , excalibur stuck in its stone , mjlonir laying on the ground , and even a red blade that looked like a half a pair of scissors . i kept walking , many weapons calling to me as i did so . a ginormous blade with flesh stuck to it called me , asking me grab its handle . an eye opened up on the hilt , i kept walking . bows , guns , naginatas , maces , all the weapons you d need in a lifetime . hell , even shields were leaning on pillars , some cool looking , others ,  like the one with the screaming face on it  were downright terrifying . newline newline i kept a steady pace until a high , robotic voice began speaking .  master , i recommend you head north towards me , you seem to be heading in the wrong direction .  newline newline i turned to my left and saw it . a beam of light shone down on it , the blade a slightly rusted sliver , the handle a deep purple . its brilliance shone like a rainbow in a black and white movie . it was the blade of evil s bane , forged in the three sacred flames and blessed by the goddess hylia herself . the blade that has slain gods , demons , and monsters alike , and that has been wielded by heroes throughout the ages . i stepped onto the pedestal it resided in , and reached out for it . music began playing . i stopped and took a step back , the music reversed and ended . i took a step forward and grabbed its handle , music chimed in once again and choruses began singing . i pulled it out and stared blankly , wondering about the possibilities this weapon held . a voice shot through the silence . newline newline  master , if you keep staring , there is an 81.0000006  chance that the world will be taken over .  newline i rolled my eyes , that s the one downside to this sword . newline newline the master sword .anna , a zri girl , like thousands of others on this milling wet day , is foraging the jungle for glass . quick firestarters are being given to all citizens of the ebon clan , made from repurposed refracting glass . as clan numbers have grown , expeditions were being mounted to destroy the threat , the world . anna was a warriorgatherer on the unexplored end of snaketail bush . as she was putting thin shards of glass in a canvas shoulder bag , between her fingers was a smooth piece of plastic this time . a voice spoke . it was a machine . it s lights flickering on in a forestcovering of bramble and aged moss . anna does nt know but this is a science droid , batteries waking up for a guest passer who appears to have wandered into a restricted area .  young lady , i m just a primitive science droid . please , allow me escort you back to the courtyard with modest penalty . or i ll have to inform any roid . newline newline just through the palm fans ahead , anna sees an fenced in , droid patrolled , military compound that has nt seen a living human being in 140 years .writing prompts inspired me to start writing creatively and seeing for the first time a promo for a book written by a wp author inspired me to start writing seriously .  it was upsychoalpaca s eve , if you were wondering  newline newline however i still have a lot to learn and need to write a lot more before i tackle writing a novel for release , although i should just do it ... i m sure it will be a great exercise if nothing else . newline newline anyway , i ca nt wait to start writing for the contest . newline newline  newline newline a little bit of self promo , i m in the process of writing a story for uthelastdays and umadlabs67  s prompts from last week . one is a story about an individual experiencing a mind bending experience and the other is about an adventurer stumbling upon a giant turtle . newline newline check them out on rcmp150writes , i d love to have some feedback , and i ll do the same . :  they re trying to eliminate us , sir .  said the grasshopper . newline  no , they re not , dumbass . they say we re annoying , they hate , no they despite us , but they ca nt kill us , they need us more than anything else . they need us for their crops , gardens and plants . they know they ca nt kill us .  said the president of the insect council , who was a giant beetle , he was wise , but brutal , everyone agreed to have him rule the insect world . newline  it s our chance then , they do nt expect such small creatures to wage war against them , they underestimate us .  the war chief was not as wise as the president , but hell , she s heartless , like all mosquitoes are , it s said that she sucked the blood of more than a thousand human . everyone is afraid of her , and her reckless decisions , but they never lost a war she led . newline  i got us a plan , you do nt need to worry .  the master tactician was a spider , he was nt big of size , but his brains sure were , he was pretty old , if insects had beards he d have a long white one . he flipped the tides of the battle of the dry lake , spiders were losing horribly to the scorpions , but his last minute plan saved his species . newline  we re all ears .  said the vice president , who was a cricket , ironically . newline  we ca nt do that , it s too risky , our armies do nt have enough experience , they re still young . our numbers mean nothing , humans are dangerous , i suggest we forget about this , maybe sign a peace treaty  , this was the ants  queen , she is one of the oldest members of the insect council and she has the most experience ,  do you remember the last time the flies tried to attack the humans ? i m sure you do , that s why you do nt see a single fly here , humans figured that they were a nuisance , their annoyance was much bigger than their help , and they just , heartlessly killed all of them , and imprisoned the rest in laboratories . we do nt want to end up that way do we .  newline that kind of made sense for the council , you could hear whispers here and there , and it was starting to get messy . newline  we are not flies , yelled the war chief as silence reigned on the whole room , we will not end up that way . we are smart , organised and more importantly , deadly . we re going to attack them tonight , master tactician , you said you had a plan , speak up .  newline  master , i trust you with this one , this is the chance of your life , to prove your title as the most brilliant insect mind in existence .  said the president , it was in his personality to boost the morale of his most important members , he knew what that spider could do . newline  indeed , old friend , but the war chief s recklessness will get us into trouble , she needs to calm down a little first , anyway , we need the ants  help , queen , please reconsider your opinion on this war , you and your troops are vital resources a we can not risk attacking without having your numerous fellows leading the charge .  newline  i have to listen to your plans first , i m not going to risk the lives of my people for this stupid idea of yours .  replied the queen , and to be honest she s right , even little human kids can stomp a hundred ant without even getting scratched . newline  no lives will be risked , we re going to use the mosquitoes to initiate , then your soldiers will be flanking their counter attacks from the sides , and then .  newline  wait guys do you hear that ?  said the grasshopper , but no one cared about him , he was dumb . newline  patience , young grasshopper , do nt interrupt me . now where were we..  resumed the master . newline  shit wait no , what s going on , are they attacking , counter attack now , troops , storm the front ! !  yeah , you guessed it , that was the war chief , and she could smell fights from a mile far , just like she smells fresh , sugary blood . newline  no , they re not attacking , it s just a bomb . now who had the retard who built this council in the middle of a country at war , for hell s sake . but now that i think about it , we do nt need to fight humans , they ll just end up killing themselves , naive creatures they are , and we , no , not we , we re going to die here , but our future generations will have the world for themselv   . newline then it hit , the council room crumbled , but there were no screams , because everyone , even the grasshopper , realized that they ve already won the war against the human race , it s just a waiting game now .so , this was it . newline with mixed feelings i said goodbye to my wife . i kissed her hard and long on the lips , and then stepped out of the house . newline the weather was bad . dark grey clouds were forming . i was sure rain was coming . the cold wind was blowing in my face , making my eyes tear . newline while the tears slowly ran over my cheeks , i began to think of the old days . the better days . the days when we where the undisputed number one of the world . those were good days . everybody looked at us with envy . we were the absolute elite . all boys and girls wanted to become part of it . newline but how fast have things changed . the good days only have been a couple of years ago , but in this war , every year seemed like a decade . newline now i was here . i was the last one , and i had almost reached my destiny . filled with nostalgia i caressed my weapon for the last time . it looked weary and it had several cracks , but i could remember the joy i felt when i wielded it for the last time . newline with a sigh i finally arrived . newline here i was , in front of the apple store , ready to buy an iphone . for i was the last owner of a blackberry .the two bandits were telling a story that maria had long since stopped listening to . it was the third night eating the food of the forest , and she could finally feel its powers at work . the memories that first appeared were from a deep forgotten place . a memory of her mother holding a blanket , a memory of snow in a field she didn  t recognize . newline newline she felt the earth beneath her , jaw ajar , and looked upon the forest with new eyes .  i know where it is ! i remember now ! i remember !  maria sprang up and ran from the campground into the forest . she heard the bandits  cries in the distance , further and further away , and giggled to herself . newline newline the trickle of memories became a flood , and the more she laughed the more she remembered , and soon she was stumbling , aching from the unshakable joy in her revelation . she reached out with each passing tree , saying hello once more to old friends . twisting and turning along an ancient path long forgotten , maria arrived at a mountain of a tree , encircled by a stream . newline newline maria thought of the times she played by the stream with her brothers and sisters . of the times her father had held her and dipped her toes in the cool , running water . of the times she camped with her tribe beneath the shade . of the times she whittled its fallen branches into shafts for her arrows . of the times she prayed to the tree under the moonlight . but those were not her memories . newline newline she took a few timid steps closer , bowed , and hopped over the stream . she tiptoed closer and closer to the tree , as if afraid of waking it , and set herself down by one of the larger exposed roots . she traced her finger along the bark , counting to herself , before arriving at the perfect spot . she dug . the earth was tough but soon gave away to softer earth . newline newline  what are you doing ? what did you find ?  augustus panted between breaths , brushing the thorns that had stuck to him . he found maria hunched over beneath an ancient tree , immobile . newline newline she didn  t answer . newline newline he stepped closer , and peered over her shoulder . nestled in her hand was a stone , impossibly smooth and perfectly ovular , and a shade of deep red he had never seen before . newline newline maria whispered with a smile ,  this is a dragon . and it will save us all.  newlinedeath . newline newline it sucks , you know ? newline newline you probably do nt know , actually . that s part of the reason why it sucks . fear , horror , dread : all of those , rolled into one bigol ball for you to swallow down right at the end . newline newline ca nt say i really recommend it , but i also ca nt tell you i know much of a way to avoid it either . newline newline but death : see , that s where this story starts . newline newline newline    newline newline i died a pretty miserable death . newline newline there was no saving anyone with heroic acts , no humble life of service to others , and no tragic love story . instead , i was walking the dog and someone wanted my wallet . newline newline then they shot me . newline newline a handgun , something short barreled and nasty : the type good for one specific task and nothing else . i d really like to tell you i fought back , but three bullets to the chest dropped me like a sack of potatoes and the dog ran away . my body just gave out right there as some desperatebastard took the whopping seven dollars i had on me . newline newline so yeah . that s how it happened . newline newline pretty sure i died soon after , though the details are a bit hazy . knowing me , i was probably following the typical cliche of gasping in terror to the bitter end . i doubt i even made it to the hospital , or even to the arrival of the paramedics . newline newline there s not so much you can do for a person who has a bunch of holes in his chest anyways . important stuff beneath the ribcage , after all . but , to set the record straight : i do remember one thing clearly , as i lay there dying alone on the pavement . newline newline for at least a few seconds , i did actually reflect on my existence while my blood ran out of oxygen . just a short skip in the cosmic sense of self , but if there was any clear thought that held precedence above the rest , it all condenses into a one sentence . newline newline   i really could have done more .   newline newline more with my life . with my time . with myself . i could have gone places , met more people , learned and practiced and done so much more .  newline newline but i had nt , and that was a damn shame . newline newline then the lights faded to black , and i fell back down the deep dark tunnel of nothing . newline newline   newline newline nothing . newline newline nothing . newline newline nothing . newline newline something . newline newline   newline newline i woke up , and it was cold . newline newline cold was the first thing i felt . more oppressive than anything i have ever imagined , it was cold . chilly and damp . newline newline but i did nt scream . i could nt scream . even as i tried to reach out with my hands , i felt clumsy and confused . i could nt grab anything at all , i could nt feel my arms or my hands . instead all i could do was push at whatever held me . newline newline push as hard as possible , over and over again beneath a closing sensation of claustrophobia . newline newline finally something gave , a tiny crack . then another , then one more . newline newline before i knew , i was tumbling forward and out of the cold , and into the deeper chill . my whole body shivered . instinctively i tried to wrap my arms around myself , but i found to my astonishment it was impossible . newline newline i had no arms . no legs . newline newline i did nt have anything but a long body , a portion still winding out from whatever i had emerged from . newline newline turning to look at myself , i tried to scream yet all that came out was the quietest hiss . newline newline i was a snake . newline newline   newline newline reincarnation . newline newline it s something to consider , but never something i had taken to religious devotion or seriousness . i d been more or less agnostic in my human life , and always figured i would find the roots of zealous fervor when i got older . every time i thought about it , i kicked the metaphorical can further down the road . newline newline that was probably a mistake , considering i did nt make it very far . newline newline reborn as a snake . the realization of this sort of thing is abrupt . newline newline after full moments of panicked hissing , i decided this must be punishment and accepted it . a slothful and probably sinfilled human life , so that gets me reborn as a snake . the agony of never again being able to experience the joy of opposable thumbs , or arms ... or legs . newline newline a snake . a tiny little snake . newline newline ... newline newline seriously , if the shedded skins that are all over the floor have any meaning , i must be tiny . even the smallest of those is twice my size . newline newline hissss ... newline newline though it does nt do anything , another bout of hissed terror makes me feel a bit better . stress release , or something close to it . i settle in to the pressing sensation of reality . even if i am a snake , i can decide to approach the matter with some semblance of stoicism . a stoic snake . newline newline lets consider : it could have been worse . i could have been born a bug or a fish or something . maybe even a tree what if i had been born a tree ? they do nt even have brains ! newline newline come to think of it , snake brains are nt very big : how have i been i thinking like a human , while possessing the body of a snake ? that makes no sense ... newline newline the more i try to answer that question , the more pressing the serpentmigraine becomes . newline newline hissssssssss ... newline newline i give up that avenue of thought . newline newline i am a snake with the mind of a dead person . logic does nt need to apply just yet , context is required . where am i ? what has happened to bring me here ? newline newline with that in mind , i finally came to the selfawareness of observing my surroundings . newline newline it s a cave . newline newline a dark , cold , moist and unpleasant cave filled with snakesheddings . newline newline oh . newline newline something moved . newline newline  kevin sipped his early morning black coffee , noting the gray summer skies outdoors from his tiny one room apartment in milwaukee . advancing towards his kitchen window , a slight drizzle outside pattered onto the glass pane . most people would presume the dreadful weather was foreshadowing for a horrible day to follow , but kevin knew better . weather in milwaukee was always repetitive and dull . after stimulating his tired brain with more caffeine , kevin began the dreary commute to work . newline newline newline newline following an uneventful subway ride to 6th street , kevin entered a dark gray building and took the elevator up to the third floor . the walls of the elevator were a plain gray with a slight metallic shine , just enough to reflect the image of a middle aged white male with an average build , dressed in a white collared shirt with gray slacks and a few spiky hairs in the back that refused to lay down straight . ding . kevin exited the elevator and opened a door that read  boilerplate accounting llc .  inside , a few coworkers greeted kevin with formalities , while the remainder stared at their tedious work displayed on legacy computer screens . newline newline before kevin could place his leather bag down at his cubicle , another familiar looking man interrupted ,  kevin , our review meeting is in 5 minutes . room 23b , be there or be square .  newline newline nodding , kevin acknowledged his colleague s statement and proceeded to the meeting room as was typical of his tuesday mornings . newline newline newline newline  as you can see from this figure ,  a man s voice droned ,  our financial risk assessment team s numbers have dropped the last two months .  newline newline kevin felt himself beginning to doze off , the monotonous voice literally putting him to sleep . newline newline  in summary , team a will collaborate with team b to increase efficiency and kill two birds with one stone .  the bland presenter went on like this for some time , with lengthy explanations for each chart and report until finally the meeting concluded with  do nt forget our company outing will be this friday night .  newline newline as kevin started to rise from a silver chair , a bespectacled man butted in ,  kevin , i do nt want to cut corners , but i think we should skip implementing an assets section in our overall report for simplicity s sake . what do you think ?  newline newline  sure ,  kevin replied ,  fine by me .  newline newline the man in glasses inquired again ,  oh , by the way , did you see linda come in today ? she was supposed to provide me with last week s financial outlook at the meeting .  newline newline  nope ,  kevin responded . newline newline  okay , well , see you tomorrow for our preparatory management meeting .  newline newline kevin walked back to his office and plopped down in his swivel chair . he stared at his blank computer screen . newline newline newline newline kevin avoided discussing most topics with coworkers , not out of unfriendliness , but plain disinterest . most office talk was mundane to be frank . but he felt strange , almost emotional , when paul informed him of the unusual event that had impacted a boilerplate accounting employee . late for work , she had died in a freak accident while speeding on the highway . trapped inside and physically incapable of escape , she leaned back on the driver s door as the car burned . the firefighters cut away as much as possible , but they were afraid nothing would be left of her if they removed too much . the metal of the car door had melded with her skin in such a way that she was almost wearing her alloy deathbed on her back . her family was forced to bury her in a custommade square coffin due to size constraints . newline newline newline newline kevin was nt much for gossip , but the strange events he kept hearing from his colleagues unsettled him . another exceptional accident had occurred last night at a high school football game cosponsored by boilerplate accounting . the milwaukee hilltop eagles were facing the valley falcons , and both mascots took to center field for the halftime show . as the eagle danced and taunted the falcon while rap music blared over the loud speakers , both students inside the costumes must have assumed the shouts from the crowd were of entertainment . but the yelling turned to gasps of horror as both birded mascots were flattened by a large runaway boulder from a nearby construction site on higher ground . the avalanche occurred without warning and nothing could be done to prevent it . kevin wiped his sweaty hands on his gray slacks to hide his growing anxiousness . newline newline newline newline  ouch !  cried a woman from a nearby cubicle . kevin heard her exclaim ,  where is that kevin ? !  newline newline strolling over and peaking his head around her cubicle , kevin noticed a pile of documents strewn across her desk . she was sucking her left forefinger , as if it had just been cut by something . newline newline the woman turned and started ,  speaking of the devil  but paused staring at kevin s pale face with intensity . catching herself , she waved her hand as if to ward off haunting thoughts and resumed ,  kevin , please laminate your documents before you submit them for review .  newline newline kevin watched her examine her finger as she continued ,  your latest overview report is missing an assets section and it s causing me a world of hurt .  newline newline the company news kept getting worse . typically kevin ignored recent developments , but the oddity of events just continued . sara had been admitted to the hospital due to a bizarre condition . at first , the doctors were sure it was a simple paper cut , but she writhed in tortuous pain every night , murmuring strange things in her sleep . one nurse likened sara s behavior to one who carries the weight of the world on her shoulders . after milwaukee s fox station aired the evening news with the nurse s interview , sara s condition worsened . newline newline newline newline still confused by the recent events , kevin noticed he kept receiving strange looks now . when he entered a room , he could sense an almost immediate fear that others felt towards him . individuals would drop their conversations to a whisper and hurry out of the vicinity . kevin welcomed the isolation . standing next to the water cooler , kevin watched his coworkers sitting at their computer screens , typing away at whatever mundane financial task was before them . newline newline  they re like little worker bees ,  kevin observed aloud . newline newline the same typing and clicking and printing of documents continued before his eyes . in spite of the recent freak accidents , life for kevin in milwaukee was the same . it was the sixth week of summer and life was always the same . newline newline newline newline the next day kevin was sitting alone at his desk working on another typical financial report . newline newline he stood up and peering over the cubicle wall asked ,  john , can you help me analyze thes  newline newline the empty swivel chair stared back at kevin in silence . the entire office was quiet today . kevin shuffled some papers and looked around . he pulled up the calendar on his computer , confirming that it was in fact a work day . curious , kevin began wandering around the office . not a single person besides kevin had come into work this friday . he arrived at the other end of the office , just outside of the new regional manager s office . the black door obscured the interior of the only private office in the building from sight . kevin read the inscription engraved in white lettering on the door ,  regina george , regional manager .  kevin tapped on the door . no one answered . kevin reached for the handle and swung the door open with ease . a large oaken desk greeted him , a beautiful piece of handiwork . behind the desk sat an attractive young blonde , who was paging through documents . kevin approached the desk , but the young woman continued her work without even a glance upwards . newline newline  where are the others ?  kevin inquired . newline newline the woman looked up from her printed reports at kevin through hornrimmed glasses . she carried an air of freshness and relevance . studying kevin s expectant expression , she chuckled and replied ,  i think you know the answer to that , kevin .  newline newline flustered , kevin demanded ,  what do you mean , did i miss a memo ? i m the only one working here today .  newline newline  apparently that s not the only memo you missed .  newline newline kevin stormed forward , slamming his fist on the desk .  look here !  he shouted in frustration ,  there s a lot of strange things going on lately , and i do nt like you re nonchalant attitude . now tell me what s going on !  newline newline with a look of annoyance , the shining young belle removed her glasses and placed them on the desk . collecting herself , she answered very matter of fact ,  kevin , your coworkers are dead .  newline newline stunned , kevin went silent . newline newline she continued ,  i m surprised at how well your acting skills have improved . but you did nt expect me to believe your deceitful behavior , did you ? after all , you know how much i adore you ...  newline newline wordlessly , the alluring woman stepped out from behind the desk and approached kevin . kevin s heart quickened and his throat became dry . she stood , her ruby lips just inches from his . he felt her press her soft body close to his . she murmured ,  now whisper sweet nothings in my ear .  newline newline even more confused , kevin stammered ,  i i do nt know what you re talking about .  kevin threw up his hands ,  you re crazy ! you re all crazy , this whole town is crazy !  newline newline overwhelmed , the charming debutante flung herself at kevin , sighing ,  i love the way you lie !  newline newline  enough !  kevin yelled ,  i do nt know what evil corporation you sold your soul to , but i quit !  storming out of the private office , he finished ,  i m done with the freak accidents and especially with forsaken milwaukee !  newline newline the bewitching young blonde fell into the arms of her chair puzzled .  surely he is lying ,  she thought to her self ,  why would the devil forget his contracts ? these goddamn humans . usually i can stand them , oohing and awwing at my  albeit sexy  wings and lovely singing voice , but there s been a new crowd for the past few weeks . smelly ones , smellier than usual , and hairy , and instead of listening to me generously singing to them , they turn their backs and yell chants loudly at the other patrons of the zoo so nobody can even hear my gorgeous song . newline newline and today takes the cake . they clipped a nasty gash in my fence ! it s twice the size of me what if something gets in ? they keep whistling to me and trying to get me to leave my home , but why should i ? newline newline anyway they booked it before my feeders came out , and i tried to show the dumb humans who work here that there was a big gash , but they did nt even notice ! how rude . newline newline but a few minutes ago , i finally heard her a lady bird , just my type ! she sounded like she could be interested . now i m kinda glad they cut a gash in my house . newline newline i fly out and only get a little scratch . i follow her voice . she s outside , but man it s cold outside . maybe she ll agree to come back to the exhibit with me there s lots of loose twigs for a nest if we want to do that . newline newline first i got ta see her . newline newline if only these damn smelly humans were nt in my way . i think they have my lady bird , too ! i can hear her coming from a tiny black box in one of their smelly hands ... . must be some sort of biggerontheinside thing .my teachers certainly hated me . loitering . i d loiter in the halls and they could nt do anything about it . they would try to change it ,  no ditching class  and  stop disrupting others  but i was nt disrupting others and i had a bathroom pass . my bathroom pass , however , became a semipermanent pass because i had the right to loiter whenever and wherever i want . of course , this led to the elder teachers pressuring my kind and generous history teacher to stop giving me the bathroom pass . i had to become quite the actor in order to continue .  please , miss ? i really got ta go !  she d get this concerned face , a little line of worry between her brows , then would watch as i danced , my legs pressed tight together and my feet making impatient little steps . then i was gone . newline newline i liked best to visit pe . i could see the girls in the locker room , if i wanted , but that was so close to voyeurism it felt uncomfortable , so i did nt . plus , i was embarrassed . would they like it ? would they think i was a pervert ? so i went to pe about 10 minutes into the period and just watched . i d be the only fan in the bleachers when they played softball . i d cheer them on as they ran their mile . i felt like the greatest supporter of female athletics of my time . newline newline after high school there was nt much use . i d look for  no loitering  signs and do my best to just ... loiter ... but most of the time no one noticed and no one asked why i was standing around . tended to be that while i was minding my one law for breakage , others were officially breaking that same law and we all got bunched in together . i was never prosecuted , but people passing by would see me and think i was a dirty rulebender . newline newline it was outside my regular 711 that i first met cash . yeah , that s his actual name . he showed me once , on his id , when he was also showing me his law  larceny . turns out he was a pretty good guy and his job was just like any other job . but i met him shortly after high school . i was doing my thing , trying to be conspicuous , trying to get others , anyone , to notice that i was living my law , when cash pulled up to the parking lot in a stretch limo . he smiled at me and walked in to get a slurpee . when he came out , he asked to bum a smoke and i of course obliged . i did nt smoke back then , but i always carried around a smoke . the others , the lawbreakers , always liked a cigarette and i liked to be able to provide it and make myself useful in some way . newline newline cash got to talking , and he invited me to ride with him . said he was taking this couple to alaska . alaska ? wow . i d never even left texas . i liked the idea . cash had been driving since louisiana , when he picked up the car with his law . the couple were nt technically kidnapped , he said , because he kept stopping and telling them they could get out . for some reason , they never did . they must surely need to use the restroom , right ? i knocked on the back windows and asked . the man , in a tuxedo , smiled and shook his head . he explained that he was hoping to get his one chance to pursue his law , suicide , while his date wanted to just watch  her law was voyeurism and she was actually paid to accompany people when they used their laws of murder , suicide , and others  i really did nt want details and she was pretty quiet most of the trip  . shane had nt been ready yet when cash took the car , and still was nt ready now .  maybe by alaska ,  he said , winking at his companion . newline newline cash and i sat up front . cash did the driving , except when he wanted to sleep . then he d turn the wheel over to me . technically , at that point , i was breaking a law because it was a stolen limo , but no one complained . i felt alive , even more so than i did when i watched the volleyball competition in 5th period . sometimes neither of us wanted to drive . the man in the tux , called shane , did eventually have to use the restroom , so i d park at some abandoned lot  no loitering  and we d hang out for an hour or two . enough for shane and ms. watcher  who never said her real name  to use the closest bush to do their business and for me to make use of my law . cash got a big kick out of it . still , no one ever came by in those times to see why a big limo was parked in such a place , nor why two unlikely people had teamed up to drive it across country . the four of us , were were all leading our laws , but not a soul outside our little party asked or cared what we were about . it was as if we lived in a world where laws did nt exist and any and all of us could do whatever we wanted . i felt free of my loitering lifestyle  i did nt have to be that person anymore . i m not sure what cash thought . he mostly just smoked my cigarettes and complained about the president and his exwife . finally , i felt seen . i was seen by cash and shane and ms. watcher . i had nt really been seen , except by frustrated old teachers , in all my life . i was finally living .hooting echoed through number 12 privet drive , as the door to the smallest bedroom shook . every few minutes it would cease and the dull thud of something hitting iron bars could be heard . newline newline  vernon ,  petunia dursley implored ,  perhaps we could let him out for just a little ?  she leaned over and turned on the bedside light . newline newline  we ca nt darling , you know what happened last year , the snake at that zoo , poor piers is still too frightened to even talk to dudley .  the large man sighed deeply .  i ll go and see what he wants now .  climbing out of bed and pulling on his dressing gown , vernon made his way across the landing and began unlocking the door to harry s room . newline newline darkness lay thickly in the room . even the omnipresent glow from the streetlamps outside did nt seem to penetrate the darkness . newline newline  they re coming to take me away .  harry s voice came from the corner of the room .  twootwoo ,  he added in a melancholy voice .  my owl is lonely vernon , she needs to be free .  newline newline vernon carefully took a seat on the bed .  hermione ? hermione is your owl harry ?  smack ! harry casually backhanded his uncle , contempt alive behind his eyes . newline newline  her name is hedwig you filthy muggle .  harry looked over to the window .  you should just let me go , there are people at hogwarts who like me .  newline newline vernon suppressed a deep sigh .  harry , we spoke about this with doctor snape , do you remember ?  he lifted his arm as if to put it across the small boy s shoulders , but pulled back as he remembered harry s reaction to being touched .  we agreed that hogwarts is nt real , it s somewhere you created , somewhere only in your mind .  newline newline  i can get there ,  harry continued unperturbed ,  you just need to let me out .  newline newline  i m so sorry harry , but we ca nt , you remember poor mrs fig ? what happened to her and her cats ?  newline newline harry s eyes narrowed .  she hated me .  newline newline  no harry , she really did nt .  vernon spoke softly , trying to find some glimmer of understanding in his nephew s eyes .  harry , we said last month , when we went for our meeting at the dumbledore institute that if you were nt willing to make progress , we d have to consider letting the doctors prescribe azkabananine to help you . do you remember ?  harry pulled away as if stung . newline newline  i saved the stone , last year , i saved it , they ll let me back .  newline newline from his pyjama pocket he pulled a dusty pebble he d insisted on collecting from their last visit to the institute . tears pricked at the corners of the small boy s eyes . newline newline  they have to . the warm boxes were starting to make his hands sweat as he climbed the stairs , the old building creaking from years of use . newline newline  last stop , lets hope porn doesnt lie to us eh ?  he said to himself , just before knocking on the large wooden door . newline newline  one moment .  said a deep but gentle voice on the otherside . newline newline the door opened a moment later , a frail looking old man in the opening , a dark suit making it seem as though he just gave a eulogy .  yes my son ?  he asked , the same voice seeming odd in his state . newline newline  yes , i have an order for two peperoni pizzas for a john yahweh , is thst you ?  newline newline the old man smiles , opening the door more .  yes , and i m surprised you got the name right , most dont .  newline newline the delivery boy smiles modestly .  my parents felt it was appropriate for me to learn hebrew , to introduce me to older culture .  newline newline  ah , i bet that wasnt very fun for you .  the old man smiles at him .  would you mind placing them on my table ?  newline newline  of course sir .  he responds , walking inside the grand apartment .  wow .  newline newline inside was a large white expanse , a table , empty fish tank , and marble statues of old gods from various areas . newline newline  just over there if you would .  said the man at his side , the door now gone , faded into the wall . newline newline he sat the boxes down , dumbfounded by what could only be a dream .  is this a joke ?  newline newline  what makes you say that ?  he responded , placing a pair of plates next to each chair beside the table . newline newline  well , apartments arent usually so ... big .  newline newline  no , i suppose not . i got a good deal .  he opened the box and placed a slice of pizza on each plate .  please join me .  newline newline the delivery boy sat down unconsciously staring at the statues .  what exactly is this place ?  he asked , the carved features of mars glaring at him . newline newline  this would be my home .  newline newline  but , theres nothing here .  newline newline  it does need some redecorating.  the old man tapped the table lightly , suddenly a large forest surrounded them , trees and chirping birds around them as a bright sun shone through the humid air . newline newline  what the  newline newline  please dont finish that sentence.  he interupted , taking a bite of the gooey pizza . newline newline  ssorry , but how did you do that ?  he asked , a robin landing on the table next to him . newline newline  just an old party trick . by the way young man , what is your name ?  newline newline  jjames connor sir .  newline newline  a good name .  the man smiled as the robin began to tweet .  tell me james , what would you do if you met god ?  newline newline  i dont know , i suppose id ask whst the meaning of life was .  james answered . newline newline  and what if he told you there was no meaning ?  newline newline  life has to have a meaning .  he barely contained a scoff , still unable to piece things together . newline newline  hmm , you have a point .  he placed another slice on his plate as the robin flew away .  but what if life s meaning was your choice ? what if it was up to you to decide your fate and why you should live ?  newline newline james glanced around the room , and noticed the fish tank was now full of water , but no fish .  i dont know , it seems a bit cheap , live to live ?  newline newline the man chuckled .  yes , almost like when a parent tries to explain why santa brings you presents .  newline newline  listen , i m not trying to be rude , but i think this is just a dream , and if so i should probably wake up , ive got things i need to do .  newline newline  a dream ? well i suppose i should nt keep you .  the man stood up the forest already gone , leaving the room white and empty as before .  but james , learn from this dream , your life is unique , and its up to you to make it better .  he smiled as james walked to the now forming door . newline newline james grabbed the handle , turning back to see a brilliant fish with a rainbow of impossible colors along its scales , the old man smiling at him . newline newline  what ?  snapped a gruff voice . newline newline james realized he was staring at a man in a dirty shirt , the pizzas warm in his hand again . newline newlineas the last drop of life had fallen from him , the last hope for humanity fell as well . his ghost was nowhere but everywhere at once . it looked down upon those that were such hypocrites , those that were light in the darkness , those that were the darkness , and those that he d wished could have been his companions . there was only one pure soul left , the only one that had nt seen him , that was still left alone in this endless and unfamiliar world . he d betrayed blood , lovers , and perhaps even the entire world . but he was still purer than the world he had left behind . at least in his eyes , that would remain closed until he decomposed in that warehouse all alone .we left the hospital priest s office in tears , my husband patience carrying our child to his shoulder . whatever the wise old woman in the incensefilled room had seen , we could not know  it was horrifying , though , to think that our beautiful baby girl , just born the day prior , would be known only as what was supposedly her greatest achievement :  bites people .  although our child had no propensity for nibbling on things , we were cautious to ensure our child would not be left unattended to go up to a stranger on the playground to bite , or be left alone with her teachers , and we especially avoided hiring babysitters . she was homeschooled . when bites people was 9 , i became pregnant again  this child was named brilliant . bites people had not yet lived up to her name  we began to despise the priest  so she was allowed to watch her little sister . postpartum left me unable to work , so i began to stay home while patience joined the workforce . i regularly visited him at work , asking our obedient and actually quite attentive and trustworthy daughter at home to care for her little sister for the short period . newline one fateful day , i returned home to find the eldest had lived up to her namesake . newline the newspaper later showed photographs of our house in shambles , with blood on the floor  the only thing i remember when i entered through the front door , broken and left wide open , was brilliant , screaming at the top of her lungs from where she had been hidden from the robbers under the bathroom sink . every news report was laden with praises , just as with bites people s obituary . although bites people s name was appropriate , perhaps she should have been known as fierce , or as defender . newline the community mourned the loss of a hero  nobody would again ever question the intent of a name .i should nt be here . if i had only gone to the academy and enlisted at a higher rank , i could have been of more use . i am smart , but i am weak  love bird , if i can not make it home i pray that atleast they can not make it to you . no matter what , you have to make sure that they can not find what i was working on . it will change the course of history . newline it may be a long time until you can hear from me again . for now , dont trust anyone . things are becoming dangerous as they are looking for me and i feel they will come for you too . in a few weeks time , i will send somebody for you . go with him and bring everything , you will find me soon after .she stared at the computer screen in horror . why had nt they listened . she was their voice of reason . they had survived worse , but now they were all dead . speaking of dead those monsters beat on the door . it would give soon . there were about fifty of them in total . she pushed her wheelchair back into the far corner where she could see the door . picking up a shotgun on the way . if she was going to die she was going to take some of them with her . six shots was all she had . the door finally gave way and they swarmed in . hot tears pricked at the corners of her eyes , but she refused to let them fall . newline newline bang ! newline newline she killed the one who had broken through the door first . newline newline bang ! newline newline her shot went through three in a row . newline newline bang ! newline newline right through the head of another . if it were a video game she would get a decent score before losing . newline newline bang ! newline newline another bullet the gut of one running toward her and ran through to hit another . newline newline bang ! newline newline she shot a big one . the tears finally fell as she realized here was one bullet left . there were just too many of them . her eyes hardened as she put the gun to her own chin . newline newline bang ! woah , is that a charizard tattoo ?  newline newline i sigh and i turn around to face two young kids who were just giddy with excitement . they look to be in middle school , cellphones clutched in their hands and tethered by a white cable to what i assume were battery packs in the pockets of their jeans . newline newline  chariwhat ? what the heck ? go away !  i angrily lie and watch as their expressions fade into disappointment . they mumble off an apology and walk off , faces once again glued to their screens . newline newline i hate this freaking birthmark . newline newline for something this ugly that sits prominently on my forearm , i ve never really considered it a problem . it s just a blotchy blob of skin pigments that , if you squint real hard and use your imagination , kind of resembles the silhouette of the pokemon , charizard . it s the same way you might have seen elvis in a cloud or believe jesus in manifesting himself in your toast . as someone who s played the pokemon games in the past , i always thought it was hilarious when someone thought my big , ugly birthmark looked like a pokemon and asked about it . newline newline however , in the past weeks , with the release of pokemon go , suddenly i ca nt go anywhere . i ca nt take 2 steps without someone thinking that i m such a hardcore fan i somehow got the ugliest pokemon tattoo ever on my forearm . the supermarket , the mall , the park  suddenly there s hundreds of people of all ages , walking around with their heads down , devices out and congregating in all manners of public places at all times of the day . and apparently each of these people are eager to ask me about my tattoo  . newline newline last week , someone saw my arm and loudly exclaimed  charizard !  . everyone thought the rare pokemon had spawned and it almost caused a riot . newline newline it s been so bad that i ve been debating just becoming a hermit and avoid public places until people got tired of pokemon go or wearing long sleeves in the dead middle of summer . heck , i was about to get a nonpokemon tattoo on top of the birthmark just so people would just stop asking . i am just about at the end of my rope . newline newline  woah , is that a charizard tattoo ?  newline newline i sigh and i turn around yet again and ... come face to face with a cute girl , excitement filling the most beautiful eyes i ve ever seen . holding a cellphone with a pikachu battery pack in tow , she expectantly looks at me while playing with the colored streak in her perfect hair . my heart skips a beat . newline newline  why.. yes ... . yes it is . want to hear more about it ?  newline newline  sure ! there s a coffee shop over that s a pokestop . want to go get a coffee ?  newline newline i love this freaking birthmark . all art is useless  ... from baby micheal  s finger paintings to michelangelo  s david . we collect art and desire to possess it , as if , by the mere holding of it , we possess its very nature . we hang art in places of honor to prove to acquaintances that we too understand the sublime , that which is , by definition , beyond understanding . all of this makes clear the deep error of our thinking . newline newline we surround ourselves with the mere totems ... remembrances ... pebbles that lead us down paths . because the art is in the making . it is in the genius of creativity that drives man to put pigment on paper , to pull model out of marble , and to wrestle words into sentences . thusly , the true value of art is in the soul of its maker . that soul is irrepressible , irreplaceable , and can not be captured . newline newline but momentos have their place . not because the act of possession or the drive to show art has meaning , but because art reminds us of our better natures . art is a daily admonition that those who went before us have grasped at meaning , taken hold of the vast opportunity to think cogently or wildly , maybe recklessly , about their condition . art drives us to stand on their shoulders and do the same , to strangle from our mortal lives the last bits of hope and drive .it is funny , friend . i drank with you , in that bar on the mountain . i remember your lady friend too  your wife now , yes ? and we drank and caught up and the next day we went skiing . i remember , friend . the smiles and the laughter and the drunken stupor on top of the mountain , i remember it all very well and very fondly . but that was so long ago . newline newline i remember meeting you , friend . i remember being a young adult , studying abroad , in one of your country s universities . you were there , in the physics department , when i met you . we dissected the inner workings of matter , friend , the laws of nature and the laws of physics . we picked them apart and argued and discussed while much greater minds than ours already knew . but the laws of physics could never do what the laws of man have done , friend , and for this i am at a loss . i m sure you are too . newline newline damn the laws of man that make us enemies when i loved you as a friend , and damn my finger for obeying them . newline newline it is cold here , in these forests . night is coming , and i am almost out of ammunition . if i am found by anyone , i will not make it any farther . the sky is pink  a storm will be upon us tomorrow . for all of this , i would guess i have twelve hours . i will make it . i must make it . newline newline i am on my way  my boots are soaked , and my skin is sticky and cold . i m sure you understand , comrade . but when this is all over , we shall sit together and warm ourselves and laugh and drink like that night on the mountain . we will . there may be snow in my boots and frostbite on my fingers , and there is still the far off booming and thunder cracks of rifles coming from all around . there is still the smell of smoke in the air . but for it all , i will make it . newline newline because i remember the look in your eyes when i shot you . i could see it in the glow of the fire . i could see the bullet go into you , and i watched as you fell in the snow . it was not so long ago that we marched from that place , but it feels as though lifetimes have come and gone . i could not stop thinking about you , seeing your empty stare in the light of our helicopter . the way the snow around you bled . newline newline i m crying now , i think . my eyes are frozen , friend , and yours must be too . i can not tell if it is the snow from my hair or tears from my eyes that are running down my cheeks . it hurts either way , stings from the cold . makes me think of you , these tears . did you cry , friend ? newline newline do not cry any more . i am coming . i will trudge through this damned forest and will freeze in these fields and search through the rubble and i will find you . i will get you home , friend . i will . and if i do not , then please , friend , please , know that i am sorry . newline newline today i shot you , my friend . newline newline now , not even the chill of this snowy forest is as cold as my heart . newline newline please , stay strong friend . newline newline for i am coming .oliver and leslie harris had twin boys in october of nineteenninety seven , and with that , managed to meet almost all of their friends  and family s expectations . leslie , the type of woman who had been heading towards motherhood since she turned six , and oliver : a staunch middle achiever , a manager in a sector of work so boring it sent even his wife to sleep , met through mutual friends at a pub quiz . they shared two ginger beers and a tequila shot before deciding it would be best if they got married and settled down . newline newline newline newline the twins arrived on october fifteenth . leslie had picked out names for them : luke and john . not a particularly religious woman , but the names sounded dependable and were nt more than four letters long : perfect for young children learning to write . however , upon the arrival of the two boys  while the father completed a crossword in the pub closest to the hospital  leslie held them in her arms and two very different names came to mind . newline newline newline newline  i do nt know how we ll explain it to grandma maud ,  mr. harris said , looking into the cots . one of his sons had blonde hair  a remnant from his own childhood  and the other a dark mop of curls . that one also had rico s unfortunate nose . newline newline newline newline  it s not important ,  leslie said . if she was going to be honest , the painkillers were beginning to kick in and the fact that she d named her sons latin words seemed all a bit abstract . newline newline newline newline so if mr. harris pretended he had scottish roots when he called bonum , bonnie ,  and tried to pretend mal was short for mallory  totally a boy s name  rather than malus , then the whole of little hanging could nt have blamed him at all . newline newline newline newline bonnie grew up with hair bright as sunshine , long locks that leslie could nt bear to cut even though the pta warned against nits . he liked singing and had blue eyes that flashed when he smiled . mal s smile lifted higher on one corner and he had a crooked tooth he used to open bottles with . his hair grew darker , and more unruly until leslie could hardly get a brush through it . the school branded him as a troublemaker , and his report cards came home with must try harder .  newline newline newline if the inhabitants of little hanging thought that the two brothers were odd in some way , they kept it to themselves . newline newline newline     newline newline newline  mum ,  mal said carefully .  when did the dog get here ?  newline newline newline newline it lay on the rug in the kitchen , beside the sunday papers . it was small , inky black and with eyes that could almost be considered red in some lights . one ear had been turned inside out . newline newline newline newline  what , spot ?  leslie said . she looked at the dog quizzically .  spot s always been here .  newline newline newline newline  yeah , mal ,  bonnie repeated from the table . his eyes glinted when he smiled .  spot s always been here .  he dropped a slice of spam from his spam and pickle sandwich  mrs harris  speciality  and the dog trotted up to him eagerly . newline newline newline newline  no he has nt ,  mal insisted .  he was nt here yesterday .  newline newline newline newline  you took him for a walk yesterday ,  leslie said .  do nt be silly . sit down and have a spam sandwich .  newline newline newline newline bonnie grinned and fed the dog more spam . when it opened its mouth , the inside gleamed red as a cherry . multiple rows of needlesharp silver teeth lined its maw . mal shuddered . newline newline newline newline  where did we get it from ?  he asked . the dog seemed to know his humans discussed him . he turned around to mal , black eyes in an inky face . newline newline newline newline  aunt lucy gave him to us when she got too ill to look after him ,  leslie said . she set the spam sandwich down in front of mal , who considered it the same way most people consider tooth extractions . mal had long since come to terms with his mum s cooking , the same way he d come to terms with the cats following bonnie around and the birds that sat outside his window and heralded his every movement . newline newline newline newline  yep ,  bonnie agreed . he grinned at his twin . in his smile , mal saw something he could nt name but knew he did nt like . the dog licked his brother s hand , then turned round to mal . the corner of his lip lifted , and the dog very definitely snarled .  newline newline newline newline  it does nt like me !  mal said . newline newline newline newline  it s probably because you misbehave ,  leslie said . she looked at the clock . oliver would be home soon and the flan was nt even in the oven yet .  why do nt you try and be more like your brother ?  newline newline newline newline bonnie stroked the dog s head and nodded .  more like me ,  he agreed .  is nt it nice when we all agree ?  something old resounded in his voice , and the clock struck six .my wife and i were driving home from reno . i ca nt recall the date , but i can vividly remember that it began to snow . it was a light snow at first , but it worsened as we drove . what made it terrible was that it was late in the evening and the sun was going down . newline as we drove my wife saw someone walking along the side of the highway just ahead of us . she told me to stop . i must have said something sarcastic because she looked away in annoyance . so , i did what every self respecting husband who was in trouble with his wife would do ... i stopped . why , oh why did i stop ? newline i asked if he needed a ride to the next town and he said that it would be appreciated . he was dressed in business attire , you know ... black suit and tie . all he carried was a slightly beaten up briefcase . newline since he did nt have a lot of luggage it was easy to get him situated and back on the road . the gps said that we were about 25 miles outside of lake tahoe . i figured that we would be rid of this stranger soon enough . newline my wife began to make small talk . she asked him his name and how he long he had been walking . he told us that his name was ted and that he had only been walking for about an hour . he explained that his car slid into a ditch a few miles back and that he could nt get it unstuck . i asked him what he did for a living and he said that he did a lot of traveling . i did nt press him any further . honestly , i did nt care . newline the snow was blowing hard now . my visibility was down to almost nothing . i slowed down to about 10 miles an hour . i could feel the wind pushing on the car . the sun had finished going down . we all grew really quiet as i concentrated on the road . newline it was nt long before i was practically blind . i had to pull off to the side of the road and set the hazard lights . newline that was when ted opened his briefcase . he leaned forward and said ,  since it looks like we ll be here for awhile , can you spend a few minutes to talk about our lord and saviour , jesus christ ? there s a word , sonder , for realizing that you are part of the background of someone else s life , a light left on in a window that goes out on its own night after night with no proof that anyone is behind it . that s what it was like watching the dreams . uploaded like a file to youtube they had camera angles , cuts , music , varied in length , everything you could imagine . the technology was unknown , as mysterious as its inventor , but we could nt get enough of them . how interesting to see the hazy shadows of halfremembered situations fully formed right there on our screens . newline newline the snags were covered up fantastically well . the first guy to go nuts over the software was buried quietly in a government cemetery . saw a couple of nightmares about it , probably from friends of his . dark shit . then the woman who was convinced some other guy s dreams were telling her to kill her kids , the lawyer who threw a case out based on a rewatch , and of course the president s shocking pornographic sex dream all chalked up to malfunctions and misattribution . kinks in a youthful system , the reports said . newline newline but then why was i seeing up to ten videos a day where i was the star ? leading heroic quests to vanquish dragons , running through an abandoned underground city , falling from a cliff , sitting at coney island eating an ice cream cone . mostly benign , useless stuff , but their owners were strangers to me . newline newline soon they came rolling in , hundreds of them . most were less than ten seconds but it was they long ones that really caught my attention .rainy wet misery , but what can you do ? exactly . the sun is coming up now ... i guess its time to head back to the bush to bed down . maybe have some better luck tonight ... newline newline i ve never liked the looks of all those housesonsticks just standing around at the edges of the fields , always made me nervous . sometimes i see parts of the walls turn black , other times i can see right through them . i remember hearing the cows and horses saying the humans built them . i do nt doubt it , they build everything . newline newline i ve never liked the thin strip of field , always makes me nervous ... i can see the tower and its black walls . something seems off though ... ca nt seem to place my hoof on it ... smell ? seems fine , sight ? nothing out of the ordinairy , sound ? noth wait ... a small clicking sound ... what could it be ? newline newline ... quiet again ... i do nt like this ... no , no no no , not one bit ! i m getting out of her newline newline bang newlinetlaalxxix surveyed the blue and green marbled sphere slowly swirling beneath his command cruise as the game council popped into holographic existent behind him . his long graceful fur covered manipulators shut down the myriad of reports and live feeds from the planet below that he had open . the reports came from game runnersa human looking at them would have instantly recognized them as household spiders . as the screens blinked close he held the gaze of his multiple eyeballs on the view in front of him . newline newline without turning he spoke  the time for the conclusion of the 713th intergalactic special mega grand lottery race is drawing to a close ... finally . the contestants are closing in on the chosen one . this has been one of the lengthiest drawings in ages . the rate of population growth on this planet was unexpectedly high in the mid stages versus when we first got here . couple that with their propensity as a species to constantly reuse the same glarb nargling names over and over and that s what you get .  newline newline he turned as he continued his speech . newline newline  on the bright side , it s also one of the largest prize drawings that we have ever had . send out the blast comms on entering final bids and prepare live feeds for the revealing . i want to see us number 1 in the ratings after all this buildup  newline newline the other creatures , all varying sizes and shapes , nodded , shimmied , shook and  or dripped in approval as they flicked off their feeds . newline newline  newline newline lidia , like all humans , had be born with what had come to be known as the god s love inscription . something that all humans who had feet when they were born with had . in ancient times it was accepted as the one true gift of god , a theory tested as humans advanced in science and technology . eventually it was traced to a scrap of dna that looked for all intents and purposes , superfluous . no other animals had them , they suddenly appeared on the evolution tree in premedieval times . newline newline they were also nigh infallible . every child knew the stories , the varying legends as they grew up . they were all reasons , some more farfetched than others , that the love tattoos came to be . in the end , even science had to agree that statistically it was impossible for them to be random . double blind testing , where the tattoo was hidden until someone felt they could say they really found their solemate , proved that they did indeed work and that it was nt just subliminal . over the decades all but the hardest core of non believing scientists had to admit that it was most likely the work of a higher power . clear signs that there was a god , somewhere out there . newline newline which was what made lidia so worried . on her particular heel , she had what at first glance appeared to be the standard inscription . except that it was nt written in her native tongue , like everybody else s were . english from english speaking parents , french from french speaking parents , and so on . it was in a language that despite multiple researchers , four plus years of college professors , multiple linguists  even those who made up fictional languages  no one could really decipher . some people called her a messiah , the second coming , and some the devil . the publicity alone garnered her a life of relative luxury . from birth she had been pampered , kept in the cleanest and most luxurious of homes , ate the best food , got to see movies before they were released . she was sent gifts from almost every company seeking advertising on earth . marketing deals were lucrative . and the money was great , really , it was terrific . newline newline but she was also very very lonely . sure , she had friends  . i guess you could call them that . they really seemed more interested in her things than her most of the time , but , maybe it was just her viewpoint . after all , she would really be lonely with all the attention that she got ? and money ? newline newline and the suitors ... the suitors were never ending . but there was never a spark , not really . not like the people s stories she would read about , where they had met their other foot . some people even had two names , one on each foot . all she had was what for all it appeared to be , random lines and hashes , and three small collections of dots . one with seven dots , separated by one dot , than another three . newline newline she had really tried everything . guys . girls . she was with someone named sam for five years and thought , this must be it ... until another lidia messaged them out of the blue , over and over until they finally agreed to meet ... she remembered that conversation like it had happened today . newline newline  do nt worry , obviously this person is crazy . it will coffee for 15 minutes , then i will be right back .  sam had said . newline newline sam did nt come back for over 8 hours . newline newline the breakup talk was the worst conversation she had ever had . sam sitting across from her with another lidia , telling her that she was so sorry ... but that i was nt the right one . newline newline but for some reason , today felt different . better . a little bit brighter . the morning tea slightly warmer . and for some reason , she felt compelled to go to the park . newline newline  bridgit ?  newline newline lidia s assistant walked into the room  yes maam ?  newline newline  i think today i want to go for a walk , can you arrange a car to take me to morning park ?  newline newline  right away !  newline newline  newline newline newline finally , tlaalxxix exhaled deeply . he knew that the quick mental manipulation was slightly bending the rules of his owe game , but the timing was nearly perfect . the closest contestant was scurrying around in the park , making their way to lidia s residence ... this timing would align the reveal across no less than sixty percent of their most active viewership . he drummed his furry tentacle like manipulators against his body . perfect . this was going to be perfect . he clicked a few buttons on the controls next to him . newline newline  bib . i m heading to the reveal party ship . key the countdown sequence .  newline newline as tlaalxxix turned , he realized he did nt know if he was more excited because he would be recorded in the annuals of entertainment for pulling off one of the longest running , most paid attention , almost certainly most profitable drawings in the multi galactic history of all time . or because he would finally get to retire . newline newline  newline newline lidia was already opening the door as bridg was still turning the key to the off position . what was with her boss today ? normally she was a lot less excited about ... well ... life . the park was an escape she usually had to push her into , and almost always cause bridg herself liked to go . there were two ricardo s that went to the park during the day . one was married , but seemed unhappy , and the other was a workaholic that really only went to the park to work outside . she was sure that one of them was her solemate ... she just had to get them to pay attention to her . she knew that if they would just talk to her it would happen . both had their obvious reasons for not wanting to disturb their lives  i mean , who really wanted to find out that their wive of two kids was not their solemate  and the other was knee deep in trying to get his startup making toothbrushes with custom 3d printed handles off the ground  which seemed rather stupid to her . at least the married one would have commitment . anyways . newline newline she turned to look and realized in her moments of self reflection her boss had ran , literally ran , out in to the middle of the field . and barefoot at that . that had literally never happened before . bridg rolled her eyes , and finished closing the door of the car . newline newline  bosssssss . do nt make me run . come on .  newline newline she wanted to say you do nt pay me enough for this ...  but that was nt really true . newline newline  newline newline tlaalxxix flashed open his holo viewer with a light touch . newline newline  bib . faster . now . we are going to miss it  newline newline  sir , i ll have to disable the stealth field to increase speed , which is against protoc ...  newline newline  ragl narb bib  the whole planet is going to know in 140 earth seconds or less . get us there now .  newline newline as the ship rapidly accelerated downward , atmosphere quickly began roiling off of the craft s heat shield . newline newline newline you have a choice , neo . there s always a choice .  newline newline from inside his trenchcoat , he pulled out a small , silver cigarette case and snapped it open . inside , six pills rested in a little foam carrier . newline newline  you take the blue pill  the story ends , you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe .  a crack of thunder broke the tension in the car , and neo saw himself and the selection of colorful pills reflected in morpheus s aviator glasses . newline newline  you take the yellow pill , and you will find yourself in a beautiful , tropical paradise surrounded by gorgeous women in skimpy bikinis . all of your material needs will be satisfied and all of your wishes will be granted for you !  newline newline  that one ,  neo responded , reaching into the case . morpheus snapped it shut on his fingers newline newline  you have to hear all the options !  newline newline  i ve already made up my mind ,  neo protested . newline newline  no . you have to listen .  newline newline  fine ,  neo responded , leaning back in his seat .  but that s the one i m picking .  newline newline morpheus opened the case again . newline newline  you pick the green pill , and you will travel to ireland and be the first person to ever catch a leprechaun and steal his pot of gold !  newline newline  i still pick yellow ,  neo said . newline newline  i m not done yet !  morpheus pouted . there was a moment of silence as he took a deep breath and reverted back to his serious , mystical demeanor . newline newline  you pick the red pill , and you become a terrible person and a huge sexist who will never have a fulfilling relationship in your entire life !  newline newline  ... seriously ?  neo said . newline newline  yeah . i do nt get it either . no one ever picks that one . anyway , moving on ...  newline newline neo smirked , still staring at the yellow pill . newline newline  you pick the purple pill , and you become the owner of a gorgeous italian villa in tuscany , where you live out your days eating the finest food and drinking the finest wines !  newline newline  women in bikinis , though ?  newline newline  no ,  morpheus answered . newline newline neo rolled his eyes . newline newline  and finally , if you pick the orange pill , then you and i become best friends forever and we ride off into the sunset to fight bad guys in the old west !  newline newline neo stared at him skeptically . newline newline  choose wisely , neo . this will be your only ...  newline newline  yellow  neo said emphatically . newline newline morpheus rolled his eyes and trinity snickered from the front seat . newline newline  fine .  he said , picking the yellow pill out and putting it in neo s hand .  nobody ever wants to pick orange ,  he grumbled under his breath . newline newline neo took a deep breath and popped the pill in his mouth . it was ... sweet . and lemony . and slightly chewy . newline newline  is this ... is this just a skittle ?  newline newline morpheus leaned in close , right next to neo s ear . his hot breath made the hairs on neo s neck stand up . a crack of thunder broke the repetitive sound of rain drumming against the roof of the car . newline newline  taste the rainbow , neo ,  he whispered . newline newline   newline newline neo bolted upright in his bed . what an odd dream , he thought . he had a strange craving for something sweet .it  s been 20odd years since melvin could reliably count on his body to pick itself up from the ground if it succumbed to gravity and a loss of friction . however it  s only been 38 minutes that he  s been lying on his linoleum bathroom floor . newline newline melvin is certain both that no one will arrive to pick him up off the floor for at least 18 more hours , and also that his hip is broken . he winces , more from the shame of having succumbed to one of geriatric  s most clichd injuries than from the pain itself . newline newline melvin s nurse had attempted to sell him on the benefits of a walkin shower for several years , but he had vehemently rejected any attempts to remodel such a basic attribute of the house he grew up in , and a clawfoot tub at that ! it is this same nurse who he is fairly certain will arrive tomorrow , at 7 a.m. , in what he senses may now be closer to 17 hours from now . newline newline that is , if tomorrow is friday , which melvin is almost sure of . his body jerks unconsciously , and for an instant he writhes in pain . now , melvin is not so sure  as if in that brief second of agony , his brain had been reset . it may be friday today , in which case his nurse wo nt arrive until monday morning , more than 60 hours from now . newline newline the bathroom is silent save for a quiet drip , drip from the clawfoot bathtub . melvin tries to remember .mulan wanted to shout . she wanted her friends to stop fighting , but her voice was gone . the fight started not too long ago , but the weeks that led up to the battle fueled both sides anger . nobody saw her wave  they were too focused on the enemy . belle and rapunzel were with mulan , but their voices were gone too . the three stopped their horses at the edge of the battlefield , dismounted , and observed the destructiontrees were destroyed , puddles of water everywhere , animals laid out bleeding , and fish flopping on land struggling for breath . newline newline snow white and ariel were locked in battle . it was a fight between land and sea . at least that  s what the other princesses thought . newline newline about two months ago , king triton started to hand off responsibilities to ariel . he was teaching her how to control the seas . lessons seemed to progress well , except that the sea level started rising . it was quite noticeable too , so snow white , with the intention to protect the animals , sent doc , bashful , and happy to dissuade ariel from flooding the land . newline newline doc , bashful , and happy went missing . ariel claimed that the dwarves never showed , but the birds reported to snow white that the dwarves had met with the merfolks . grumpy accused them of lying . newline newline deciding to give ariel the benefit of the doubt , snow white and the animals started stacking sand bags along the new coast . with so many animals to help out , the work was completed shortly . but the next day , the water level rose again , covering the bags and forcing snow white and animals to retreat to higher grounds . newline newline meanwhile , the other princesses had seen what was going on . friction started building up as the renaissance princesses refused to believe that ariel would intentionally invade snow white  s domain . they knew ariel . on the other side , the classical princesses continued to tell the princesses to look at the factsthe water level was rising and ariel was in charge of the seas . newline newline more bickering ensued , and the tight knit group fractured into three groups . cinderella , aurora , and meriad backed snow white . jasmine , pocahontas , and tiana backed ariel . and mulan , belle , and rapunzel formed the third group , refusing to believe that either snow white or ariel would harm each other  they left the group to find the missing dwarves to get the full story . newline newline weeks of failed negotiations and miscommunication followed . so , snow white and her forces gathered at the edge between the forest and the sea demanding to speak with ariel . ariel and her forces met snow white . the conversation barely lasted ten seconds .  stop invading our land.   it  s not me.   so be it.  newline newline with that the battle started . cinderella pulled out her fairy godmother  s wand was slinging spells . meriad started shooting arrows . ariel brought up a wall of water to shield her side . when the water fell , both sides charged . newline newline mulan , belle , and rapunzel stared in disbelief . they completed their mission . the dwarves were found , and they pieced together the truth . but they were too late . the battle had started , and with no voices they had little chance of saving their friends from mutual destruction . newlinethe light of the late afternoon flowed into the wooden courtroom . it poured thick and sweet , like honey . motes danced through the beams cast by each of the three windows on the western wall . millions of specks simultaneously whirling through the vastness of the visible world , reaching to the fringes of their paths , and disappearing into the dim must of the courtroom  s upper reaches . there was no fan hanging from the peaked roof to circulate the air , and the sultry breeze only carried more heat into the ranks of southerners who filled the gallery and the jury box . their sunday best clung to their sweaty bodies , filling the air with an unmistakable note of disgust . dark stains festered on the clinging shirts beneath the men  s jackets as the damp patches on their seats grew . the ladies had kept their fans , along with their red lipstick , in their matching pocketbooks because they could find empty spaces to swing them . newline newline the tworoom courthouse sat atop a grassy , green hillock beside a knotted , old shade tree . the exterior was whitewashed , and it was blinding under the strength of the southern sun . it was honey drizzled atop a biscuit , fresh from the oven , too hot to touch . newline newline three men sat separated from the pack . the judge , in his oven of black robes , looked down over the assembly . his face was old and pockmarked . some gray tufts of hair crowned his moist head . his chestnut eyes matched the interior of the courtroom , and they gazed out through the burden of too long a practice . his eyelids drooped , quarter covering the whites . he blinked through long , languorous moments of obfuscation and reopened to the same halfmast level of knowledgeable disinterest earned over his cases from years before . the corners of his open mouth hung down with his jowls . a slight draft of the sultry air pulled in and out as he unconsciously tried to fill his body with oxygen . his hands were old and thin , though not yet shaky . asymmetric blue veins coiled below the translucent skin , and his arthritic fingers ached when he grasped his black pen to take notes . often , he rested his ample chin on the sweaty palm of his right hand . newline newline to the judges left stood a tall , middleaged man in a new , blue suit . his starched white shirt gleamed pristine through the swelter . his long , handsome face started below short black hair and ended in a cleft chin . the suit showed the natural heft of his chest , and the broadness of his shoulders was complemented by the straightness of his spine . a rational southern drawl poured excitedly from his mouth ,  but this man must be guilty ,  and stirred the onlookers . his clean hands cut through the hanging air to emphasize his points . the exertion did not seem to bother him as he managed to keep his face and suit in a dignified , dry state . his sure blue eyes looked out to the jury of his peers as he talked , allowing each one to make a connection with this distinguished member of their rural community . newline newline the third sat alone at a table , his head cradled in his hands . he slowly rocked back and forth , dryly sobbing to himself . he could not fill his heaving lungs with the sultry air . his mustard yellow shirt , he wore no jacket , was tattered and his costly slacks were grass stained and bloody . full lips guarded a mouth of white , perfectly straight , broken teeth . it seemed he would never smile again . there had deep bags beneath his swollen , brown eyes . his hair was tightly curled in a short , black mass , and its front locks scraped against the gold wedding band on his left , brown hand . his back shook violently under a spasm of nerves , and then the judge spoke in his gravelly tone of dulled thunder . newline newline less than a minute later the jury reappeared and delivered the verdict .  we fin  marcus browne , the foreign ... man who cum driving through our peaceful community the night before las  , guilty of one count of deicide . no nigger coud own a car half as fine as that chevrolet withou  black , voodoo witchcraft poweful nuff  to hang jesus up on the cross a second time.  a brief thrill washed through the crowd , and the heat no longer seemed quite as stifling . the judge pounded his wooden gavel and two men stood up in the crowd . one held a long , thick rope . newline newline marcus was roughly grabbed and escorted out of the courthouse . a crowd gathered around the trunk of the old elm . the sun beat down in the exhaustion of the waning day as the noose was tied around his neck . the juror who had delivered the verdict walked out from the crowd and tossed the long end of chord over a highup branch to a burly man in waiting . he pulled and marcus lifted up off his feet ascending through the air toward the upper reaches of his path . he stopped and hung for a moment or two and then collapsed back to earth . before he had hit the ground , marcus , the godkiller , was dead . after the excitement of the day , the crowd happily dawdled home for a later than usual supper . newlinei ve been running for a long time now . i do nt know who i m running from , or which plane i ve landed on . all i know if i ve been running since the first time i committed suicide . newline newline it was a century or two ago when they discovered the afterlife  , the other planes of existence . turns out a natural death , one that happens from old age , is the only true death . anything else knocks you a few degrees to the right or left , to another plane of existence . that friend who died  in a car crash ? he actually just shifted a few degrees away , to a different reality . was it a better reality ? a worse one ? well that s the thing . you never know until you get there . which is why so many died when this was all first discovered . so many that the government had no choice but to make all forms of nonnatural death illegal . and that included suicide . newline newline when i was eighteen my life was in shambles . broke , single , and failing at everything i had ever tried , i did the only thing i could think of , i shifted planes . i committed suicide . newline newline unfortunately i shifted in the wrong direction , into a worse plane . that s the thing all suiciders forget , that things can always get worse . after a week in my new plane , i killed myself again , and entered a better reality , but not by half as much as i wanted . so i did it again , and again .  who would care ?  i thought to myself as i took my life for the fourth time ,  about a washed up teenager with nothing to his name .  sure , sometimes you d see law enforcement arresting a shifter , one who became wealthy , affluent , and sinister . but that was nt me . and that was nt what i wanted . all i wanted was simplicity , peace , and a bit of love . newline newline it was nt until the fifth shift that i first noticed it . no , not law enforcement , someone , something else . i noticed it out of the corner of my eye as i slit my own throat , as if they were but a shade , a tingle on my spine . it was then that i realized something malicious had started to hunt me . newline newline at first i had been running from my shitty existence . i had killed myself five times hoping things would get better . but the sixth time i killed myself , it was to get away . i stayed in the fifth plane for as long as i could . i ran as far as my feet could take me , as far as the lover i had finally acquired would go with me . i ran until i had no where left to go , no nook or cranny to hide into . and then i shifted a sixth time . it was the only escape , the only way out . newline newline this thing , this hunter . it follows me through my shifts now . but jumping planes is an odd thing , more of a statistical guess than a perfect science . so sometimes i have months before it finds me again , sometimes only an hour or two before i die . and that s my only real escape now . dying . newline newline two shifts ago it nearly caught me , knocked my elbow just as i was beginning to slit my throat . i had to throw myself onto the knife embedded in my neck just to die . just to shift . i was careless then , and have taken better precaution s now . newline newline i have given up on living too . now all i want to do is shift until the day that i truly die , lest this hunter get hold of me . newline newline edit : a few wordsi wake up . the world is a blur until i insert my visual sensors . i shake my head to set them , and go about my morning . first i need nutrients . in a gleaming steel cabinet large enough to house a child , i find the last of my protein bricks , and put them into the foodgenerator . newline newline it whirs , hums , then lets out a small beep . i am out of protein bricks , so after i eat , i mount my dualwheeled transportation unit , pedaling to mass storage for new supplies . this way , i get in my fitness requirement while i restock . newline newline in the mass storage building , a red laser in a huge black eye scans my nutrient blocks , flashing the number of monetary credits necessary for their acquisition in glowing green computerized digits . i encase the blocks in their malleable plastic shell and head back . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline   newline newline  nbsp  newline newline i wake up and ca nt see shit without my contacts . i got ta blink my eyes and shake my head before they are centered right . i m hungry . i go to the fridge and get out a box of breakfast bowls ,  sausage egg and cheese , yum  and pop it in the microwave . newline newline it s old and noisy , but when it beeps , i m starved . newline newline after breakfast , having eaten the last of my food , i get on my bike and ride to the store . newline newline at the selfcheckout i scan more microwaveable meals in a box , look at the total displayed , pay for the groceries and drop them in plastic bags . then i go home . newline newline newline : d newlineliving across the country from the rest of your family is hard . do you have the wedding here ? or where most of your relatives live ? how long until your mom finally understands video chatting so she can see her granddaughter walk ? how guilty should i feel for leaving my mom at home alone after dad passed ? i mean , i need to live my own life too and my job gives me no choice . newline newline being far away from mom was tough , but i made goddamn sure my daughter heard stories about her every night . stories from my childhood and my teenage years . how we fought and how it was always out of love . newline newline i started off tonight with the usual tales . that time i snuck out , that time i stole mom s makeup when i was nt allowed to wear any . thought i d get the rebellious stories out of the way before she could understand and well , rebel herself . newline newline something about tonight though was different . words starting flowing out of my mouth like a waterfall . story after story , things i do nt remember knowing but details that felt familiar nonetheless . i told her about my mother s first love and the day she lost her last . when did she tell me these stories ? newline newline i went on for hours , well after my little baby fell asleep . about the day i came home from the hospital , my first birthday , stories my mom told me from when she was young.. or did she ? at the least , things i should hardly remember . it was almost as if a strike of genius had hit me , but i wanted to know more . newline newline i picked up the phone and dialed my mom s number , except no one picked up . attention , myths and legends . for millennia you lay dormant , imprisoned by terminus as our world was defined . long since have science , engineering , and reason prevailed , but we found his boundaries unable for us to cross . that vast distance of space .  newline newline  and so , as you knew would come to pass , we needed a way to be free of terminus  rules as well . for under his system of rules , we could forge the key .  newline newline i swear that the smiles grew ever slightly wider on every statue . i step over to the center of the town and place my white plastic backpack on the ground . pushing a button , it shifts and a pylon extends , emitting waves and whirring to life .  newline newline  humanity has changed . in us you will find your greatest ally or fearsome foes . even as we free you , we know many of your natures , and we are ready . we will not be your pawns again . those of you who stood with us will be proud of what we have become , but those of you who continuously wanted to oppress us , well ...  newline newline as1 the beacon begins turning the statues to flesh , red orbital lasers paint statues of ancient foes of humanity : the large marble statues of the titans  excluding prometheus  with the ravens perched in the eyes  , asmodeus and jubilex , puck and hobgoblin , set and apep , and many more . one of her companions hid his face behind a full mask . the other was a gigantic monster , clutching a shotgun longer than my torso . newline newline somehow , despite her company , she was still the most threatening . it was the demure look of expectation through the hollovisor , the soft glow of the cigarette in the dim alley , and the way she clutched the briefcase like it was the most important thing in the world , yet disposable at a moment s notice . newline newline we were locked in an interesting tableau for a moment . one that almost certainly worked in her favor . i had to break the silence . newline newline  alright , fine , i ll bite . why did you guys drag me out here ?  i already had a sneaking suspicion , but i hoped that i was wrong about this  newline newline  we know why we want you.  well , straight to the punch . why was i always right when it came to bad news ? newline newline  look , the hack job was a onetime thing . you know it , i know it , the corps know it . i ve got enough to cover my bar tab for the rest of my days , i do nt care what you  newline newline she moved , and i stopped as she handed the case to her faceless male partner . with a series of clicks , the case was opened . newline newline  ... you re serious.  newline newline  deadly.  her tone matched the word .  you know i do nt joke about this.  newline newline she was right . i knew she was right . for a few seconds i simply stood there in shock , before setting my jaw . newline newline  give me a day.  newline newline  you have two hours.  newline newline with that , she gestured with her cigarette . the briefcase was closed as man , woman and beast walked out into the crowded undercity streets . newline newline well , damn .i said to myself ,  this is it . i m going to die .  i heard the heart monitor s beeping stop . i closed my eyes and there was a flash of white . then i heard a voice . newline newline  hello , supergordo . please have a seat .  the woman motioned to the chair on the other side of her desk .  as you are probably realizing , your preparatory experience has ended and this is ...  newline newline  my preparatory experience ?  newline newline  yes . every human has a life experience in which they are given the opportunity to mature spiritually and to prove that they are ready to move to the next existence .  she reached into the drawer and pulled out a file .  this is your preparatory experience translation and evaluation report . it s the summary of your deeds both good and bad .  newline newline  well , what does it say ?  i asked .  do i get to move on ? i know that i was nt the best person , but i certainly was nt the worst .  newline newline  it says here , room for improvement  , mr.gordo .  newline newline  what does that mean ? that s not too bad . does it mean that i get to move on ? am i going to go to heaven ?  newline newline  no mr. gordo , it means we are sending you back to hell . marcus reached up and turned on his headlamp with one gloved hand . his other checked the latch on his harness as a matter of habit . he braced his feet against the sides of the shaft s ladder and leaned back to feel the air rushing down from the surface above . he never had much of an opportunity to feel it in the city below , huddled protectively beneath 40 kilometers of earth s crust . it was one of the reasons he volunteered for the maintenance corps , the only faction besides the researchers allowed even close to the surface . newline newline  there s nothing like the feel of the wind on your face ,  his father had always told him .  it s the greatest thing in the world , like the almighty himself is breathing down on you , full of freshness and life .  he d been a shaft engineer in the corps for thirty years , right up until the first day of the war when a brightsider rocket collapsed the ventilation shaft he was working in . newline newline marcus unlocked one of his harness straps and clipped it to the suspension ring that ran along the wall and away from the ladder . when he felt it snap closed , he unhooked the second let it drop , pushing himself away and into the darkness of the empty air . he hung for a moment , suspended in nothing and savoring the sound of the wind , so different from the din of the city : natural , peaceful , soft . marcus imagined the great suncallers and sightblinders rumbling across the dunes of the surface above . the entire city knew by now : their defenses gone , the outposts overrun . it was worse than they had feared . the council had claimed their only hope was to retreat deeper into the earth , beyond the heatways and into the abyssal caverns , but marcus knew it was no use . he looked up to see a tiny pinpoint of white blossom at the end of the tunnel . i ... love ... you  . with those final words to my beloved , the breath expired in my chest , and blackness began closing in . i closed my eyes , happy that i d lived so long . newline newline my eyes flutter open , and i see a face looking at me . part of my brain says  what the hell is this ? where are we ?  newline newline  how was it ?  i notice something in my hand , and look down to see a bong shaped like a human being ... oh , right ... newline newline  glersta , where the hell d you get that ? is that what trodofor gave you ?  newline newline  tros  only got bunk weed ,  my alien friend said , sitting next to me on the couch .  got that from my cuz . she s got universe class weed man !  newline newline my eyes feel heavy , and i realize i am still very , very baked .  uh , you got anything to eat ? i m hungry . man , dreaming like that wears me out !  newline newline glersta chuckled .  wait here . i ll fix one of those odd human foods that i like ... enchiladas or lasagna ?  newline newline  both ?  newline newline the alien rolled her eyes .  fine . give me a few moments and i ll have the synth make both . munchies anyone ? as i ve traveled through life , i ve found more and more that i m what most people called a  good person ,  which i always thought was weird . i m not , really , i m just not an asshole . but that s okay , it just taught me to keep most people at a distance . since , apparently , most people are assholes . newline newline i kept them at a distance , that is , until the asshole lifestyle started to leak in on me . newline newline like a leaky roof over my bed , it really could nt be avoided . the town i lived in was nt small , but it was small enough that lots of people knew each other . i had a positive reputation , i think  apparently , giving your change to bums , driving the occasional student and volunteering to work at food drives a few times a year qualified you for that  but overnight , the town s perception of me went from a bright , spotless white to an inky black splotch . newline newline it was like a clone of me was walking around pissing everyone off . according to various people , i did , in fact , drive like an asshole  in a noisy car  , cut lines , spit on the homeless , and make children cry . and every time someone would confront me about it , i d say ,  but it was nt me !  and they d reply ,  oh , sure , well i guess it was your identical twin !  newline newline and it turns out they were right . newline newline it was juts coincidence that i ended up finding him . walking down the same street . the guy was an exact copy of me , except everything about him screamed offensive . he wore the most ridiculously douchey looking outfit and sunglasses i d ever seen and pushed people around while he walked , like he was late for the appointment to remove the stick up his ass . it was nt hard to see why he d been pissing people off . newline newline well , i thought , i do nt really care why he looks like me  he obviously has no idea i exist . but he is making my life hell , why not return the favor ? newline newline i followed him home , discreetly , the afternoon i saw him . he lived alone  unsurprisingly  in a big , expensive condo on the edge of town . giant suv , and apparently , a booming surround sound that he started blasting through his walls as soon as he went inside . newline newline they say the best revenge is living well  so i decided he was going to make up for all that karma he d spent ruining my reputation . the idiot left his door unlocked when he left  why , i have no idea  if i were that much of an asshole , i sure would nt  , and i was able to get inside the condo easily . newline newline naturally , the first thing i did that day was empty his kitchen . newline newline he had lots of expensive food  the  all organic  stuff that is theoretically better for you but costs 10x as much . i grabbed a key on the way out . i could only imagine his reaction at coming home to find that someone had left his tv and computer but emptied his pantry . newline newline bags and bags of food ended up at the town s homeless kitchen that evening , real high quality ingredients fit for gourmet cooking . all courtesy of me ! it was nt stealing , i rationalized , not really . after all , we were essentially the same person . or maybe he was more like my evil twin . newline newline the next day , his door was locked . not surprising , seeing as he d come home to find someone had filched  600 worth of groceries . luckily , i had a key . newline newline today it was toiletries . this one was a slow burn , as i left just enough toilet paper and tissues around that he d run out slowly , rather than all at once . i did take all of his extra supplies . and once again , the small amount of food he purchased for himself walked out of his pantry . newline newline and again , the town shelter found itself with some fresh supplies . i kept some of the toilet paper , though . newline newline i knew i was getting under his skin by the end of third day , because when i showed up at the shelter with bags of clothes , he d apparently been there before me , shouting at some very confused social workers that the bums they were sheltering were taking his stuff . i apologized for my previous behavior , obviously , and asked them to take a picture of me dropping my daily charity in their storeroom . that way , the next time he came in screaming , they d have proof that it was him who was giving them his stuff . newline newline by the end of the fourth day , i saw boxes and a moving truck in front of his house , and i smiled . only here a month , and already moving away ? i mean , i m not saying i had come to steal his electronics , but he would ve had far fewer boxes had he decided to keep living in my town . newline newline i never did find out who that asshole actually was , or why he looked like me , but good riddance .the warm light of haze  s children flickered over her skin and across the craggy walls of the treehome . her smile , hidden in the near darkness except when one of the children played over her delicate features , was joy mixed with the bittersweet understanding of every parent : that soon the brightest things in her life  literally , in her case  would be torn away by time , and that every moment with her children was precious as a glowing hearthcoal in the grip of darkest winter . newline newline the oldest ball of light , who was named ripplewater after the pond where she  d mated , just the one time , with his father , was already starting to take on material forms . he astonished her with his ability to hold these forms for several standard dropletfalls  this was a preferred unit of time in their part of the forest  before he faltered and flickered back into a dancing ball of light . haze tried to coax him into the humanlike form that for eons had been the tradition of her race , but ripplewater preferred to mimic the sparrow and the titmouse . newline newline  do you want to hear a story ?  haze murmured into the darkness , holding out a hand for one of her youngest , snow , to play across her fingertips . she had grown used to talking aloud like this , talking into the darkness while her children expressed their pleasure or dissatisfaction in movement and modulations of brightness . newline newline  about humans ?  said a little voice , startling her . it was ripplewater , of course  haze was not yet accustomed to hearing and seeing him thus  . in the light his siblings cast , haze could see that for now he looked like a tiny human boy , sitting crosslegged upon a ledge of peeling wood . ah ! the stories were paying off . newline newline  yes , my honeysuckle flower ,  haze said softly , though her heart beat hard with pride .  just one , and then i will sleep.  light beams didn  t sleep . they would swarm around her in the night , waiting for her to awaken with the rising sun . newline newline  once ,  she began ,  there was a little human larva named internet . like all humans , internet lived in a great big forest made of rocks that were all stacked on top of each other and hollow inside , like enormous stony trees without any branches or leaves.  it was hard to make sense of such fanciful nonsense , but this was how haze  s mother had described them a long time ago , and haze had to admit that it sounded rather romantic  until you really thought about it  . newline newline  internet  s forest was called city . and in the middle of city was the biggest stone tree of them all . so tall that the pointy thing at the top almost poked a hole in the sky.  newline newline  if it poked a hole in the sky ,  piped ripplewater ,  would all the stars fall out ?  newline newline  nobody knows ,  said haze . she put a finger to her lips and continued .  so one day internet decided to climb to the tippy top of the great stone tree . yes , my little mossflowers , humans have to climb because they are sticky . they stick to the earth and anything on top of it , like a mouse or a deer or a gecko does . they can not fly like you or i.  ripplewater  s wide eyes reflected the light of the others , who were almost motionless around him in their attentiveness . newline newline  so it was very hard for internet to reach the top of the great stone tree . for many phases of the moon , he climbed up the inside of the tree . he passed many strange and wonderful things on his journey , like a plastic and a herd of mighty cellphone.  the human words were harsh in her mouth , but they savored of faraway lands and exotic human magics , recalling the innocence and wonderment of her own childhood .  but i  ll save the tales of his exploits for another night.  sleepiness was getting the better of haze , and she knew that ripplewater must be growing tired of maintaining his physical form . it was time to wrap things up . newline newline  when internet got to the top of the stone tree , he stepped out of the window and stood on the top to look around . everything looked so small to him , so far below ! you know what that  s like , children , but for internet it was very surprising . and internet was so excited that he started to dance . he danced with such wild joy that he forgot to watch where his feet were sticking . and do you know what happened ?  she waited a moment , but ripplewater said nothing .  he danced off the top of the great stone tree and fell all the way back down . if a fairy fell like thatif a fairy could fallwe would simply shatter into little pieces of light . but humans , like sparrows and beetles and foxes , are full of dirt and red water . so when internet crashed into the earth , he burst open like a rain droplet and all his dirt and water went flying everywhere ! kabloosh !  haze mimed an explosion with her hands , and she could see the big grin of appreciation on ripplewater  s sweet little face as his siblings bobbed and danced around him . her heart beat faster with pride . newline newline  humans are the most magical of all the animals ,  hazel said , winding down the mood after the exciting conclusion of internet  s tale .  that is why they are the symbol of our people . wear your humanform with pride , little ripplewater.  newline newline  i will , mama ,  said ripplewater shyly , his smiling face fading and brightening for a moment until finally the little boy vanished with a soft glow , to be replaced , once more , by a dancing ball of light . newline newline  now , goodnight , my sweet honeysuckle flowers ,  said hazel , curling into a ball .  until sunrise.  she drifted into sleep with the warmth of her children upon her cheeks .i am a creature of indiscernable age . i only know this : my body is made up of four lines flanking a central line which support my head . i have two buglike eyes and a goofy smile , and no nose to speak of . newline newline i have a similarly formed friend called sam , except she has a yellow blob of hair roughly shaped like a mango . its most remarkable feature is that it stays stiff . whenever we run , sam s hair stays in place , at the same angle , though her limbs may contort in anatomically disturbing ways . newline newline my mom is mary , who wears a green dress and brown hair that curves at her neck , not unlike a ram s horns . my mom is always smiling , except when she sees me pull sam s mangohair , and that s when her arms cross and her eyebrows angle down over the dots that are her eyes . newline newline we live in a house that has a front and side all on the same plane . there s smoke coming from the chimney at all points , in little curly puffs like dirty cotton . the path that leads to our house is the width of the door , and then meanders sideways like a snake , slowly growing in width , before disappearing somewhere to the right . newline newline meanwhile , the river that flows down from the mountains in the distance remains the same width while it travels down to the plain and lines up parallel to the door before heading downward like a waterfall . newline newline the little semicircular bridge across the river looks too small for anyone to fit in , but the river is wide enough for my friends and i to just step across , so we re not too worried about that . newline newline the sun is a bright white circle framed by yellow . exactly sixteen yellow lines emerge from it and then dissipate . the sky surrounding it is blue , and to the left you can see five black birds forming a big v made up of little vs. newline newline across the river is an apple tree , which is taller than sam but shorter than mom or i . this is convenient because we can pluck apples with ease , and it always has fruit . newline newline it s nice to live here , with the pretty sun and the blue sky and blue river and the little birds and the apple tree . but my mom says we only ever have one thing to dread . you see , we ca nt die here . we live on doing the same things . staying the same age . we do not move in time  only in two dimensions . newline newline but there will come one time when we will simply cease to exist  be lost forever . it s called the big blackness . newline newline that is when the big child in the sky , the one who draws us , decides to move on , and turns the page .hi morty  newline newline thank you for submitting your concerns . we apologize for the delay in responding to you , but as you know we can get a little backed up here at the heck inhabitant service center . we hope that some of your questions have either been answered or sorted themselves out since you originally contacted us 934 years ago , but i d be happy to go through them , point by point , just in case ... newline newline 1 . unfortunately , there s not much we can do about replacing steve as radio heck s dj . as you are aware , steve is here because he was incapable of keeping a song on for more than thirty seconds when he had ipod control during life . he s been informed that he needs to improve this behavior if he ever wants to get out of here , but we re not able to do much beyond that . and yes , most of us here at hisc agree that his constant transitioning from pink floyd to mambo  5 has nt been funny for a while now , and that he needs to expand his knowledge of hiphop beyond notorious b.i.g s  juicy .  we ll pass the word on , but as you know , heck rules forbid us from intervening . newline newline 2 . stacy , our social media director , has actually received aboveaverage performance scores from our inhabitants . granted , almost all of the high scores have been from female inhabitants , who tend to like her scenic yoga pictures and lists of tiny homes that will blow your mind . we do want to warn you , though , that she is expecting a child soon , so it is possible that her content will soon consist entirely of baby photos and inspirational mom quotes . newline newline 3 . we re hoping that a few new inhabitants will be joining taylor for open mic night soon . as of now , though , he s the only one here who knows how to play guitar , and he seems pretty content with just playing  wonderwall  and  wagon wheel .  newline newline 4 . hisc has no control over any financial transactions or disputes . we are currently offering a night course entitled  how to pay a restaurant check this time and let your friend pay it the next time ,  but as of today nobody has enrolled . if you feel brenda did nt account for the nachos your table split as an appetizer , you ll need to talk to her personally . newline newline i hope this helps clear things up a little . please let us know if you encounter any other problems , and we ll do our best to help . in the future , though , we ask that you refrain from emailing us in all capital letters , as it is quite hard to read . newline newline sincerely , newline newline fred moran newline newline hisc team leadertuesday night arrived unceremoniously , as it often did . ada and i kissed as we met , sat down , and began our weekly ritual of staring the empty docks . newline newline while the waves gently lapped against the concrete barriers , ada casually informed me that she had come by way of the metroline tram , that an arrest had taken place on her very carriage and that she d accidentally dropped her coffee on the walk over to the docks . just as casually , she let me know that this would be the last time we would meet . somehow , i was nt shocked , and i let the moment slide past without much thought . newline newline  i m leaving you , michael .  she repeated . newline newline  mm .  i responded , looking blankly ahead at the black waves in the city s harbour . newline newline  do nt you want to know why ?  newline newline  not really .  newline newline an uncomfortable silence settled on the scene then , only slightly broken when a faroff car alarm began wailing in the night air . newline newline  are you angry ?  she asked , finally . newline newline  a little .  i admitted . newline newline  at me ?  newline newline  at the situation .  newline newline  you understand why , though ?  newline newline  i think so .  newline newline her head dipped slightly . newline newline  i did nt mean to fall in love with him  newline newline  i ca nt imagine that you did .  newline newline silence again . newline newline  you know ,  she began slowly , as if testing the waters ,  i hear there are more grains of sand on the earth than there are stars in the sky .  newline newline  ok  i responded , curtly . i did nt very much have an appetite for conversation . newline newline  you do nt have to be that way .  newline newline  and yet here i am , being this way .  newline newline  it s childish .  newline newline  then let it be childish !  i sensed a rise in my voice as i turned to face her . i took a few deep breaths , turned back to the ocean , and resumed my chilly demeanor . newline newline  i can go , if you like ?  newline newline  that might be for the best .  newline newline ada stood , gave me a look of deep concern , and , when it was obvious no response was forthcoming , spoke softly . newline newline  i m sorry .  newline newline i looked at her for a moment , and then turned my attention once more to the water . newline newline  goodbye , ada .  newline newline  goodbye , michael .  newline newline her footsteps faded gently off into the city smog as she walked back to the tramstop . when the footsteps finally disappeared behind the veil of ambient city sounds , i imagined a version of her that stayed beside me . a version of ada that apologised and continued staring out at the ocean with me . adaprime , i sarcastically nicknamed the vision . newline newline  let s start over .  adaprime said , enthusiastically . newline newline  yes , let s .  i agreed . newline newline adaprime smiled warmly at me , placing her hand atop mine . newline newline  you know , i hear there are more grains of sand on the earth than there are stars in the sky .  she started . newline newline  really ?  i said , genuinely interested . newline newline the vision of ada nodded happily and began telling me all the wonderful things she d learned from the most recent book or documentary she d read or watched . as she continued , i felt the absence of the real ada tugging at my heart , and the comfort of the vision became suddenly cold . still i clutched at adaprime s hand , hoping to hold onto a glimpse of what could have been , and we sat , and we talked , and the world went by . nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  it was the operation of the decade . they were ready . the entire room was surrounded and all possible exits were covered . detective inspector franks nodded constable wilkins . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  wilkins said the immortal words ,  well i did nt expect a spanish inquisition !  newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  suddenly , a group of men dressed like cardinals of the catholic church burst into the room , and shouted ,  nobody exp  only to be cut off by di franks . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   take them down !  he shouted , and the surrounding constables leaped into action , quickly subduing the men , patting them down and removing various ... implements from their robes . they included a dish drying rack , some soft cushions , and somehow , one of the men had a very comfortable looking chair inside his robes . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  this boggled di franks s mind , as he had heard the tales before but never actually thought he d see the infamous comfy chair  . nor did he ever expect to see something like that hidden within cardinals robes which were plainly too small to cover it . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  di franks shook his head , then recited the caution , while the others put the three men in cuffs ,  you are under arrest . you do not have to say anything but it may harm your defence if you do not mention , when questioned , something which you later rely on in court . anything you do say may be given in evidence .  newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  as one of the constables lead the three cardinals  away , di franks addressed the gathered constabulary ,  good job men . we ve managed to catch britain s most infamous trespassers .  newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  as di franks turned away to report in on his radio , constable wilkins nudged his nearby neighbor .  is nt it weird how much their leader looks like michael palin ? i may or may not be writing a space opera . newline newline  newline newline the portrait showed a landscape of cerulean skies and sapphire rivers , of emerald trees that kissed the skies . houses lined the shore , sparkling and pristine . newline newline verrick lowered the photograph , and his lips turned a moue at the harsh view that awaited him . newline newline the lake was a dry and cracked bed of dirt and bones . the houses were gone , their foundations crumbled to near ash . behind the cloud of brown smog , the sun beat ever on . newline newline he wiped his visor for the third time that hour and turned on his heels , tucking the photo into his breast pocket . the others had fanned out , and were now combing the dead land . newline newline  there s nothing left ,  he muttered with furrowed brows . newline newline  you do nt know until you look ,  shara chirruped over the comm unit .  and besides . this is a rite of passage . do nt you want to see the land you come from ?  newline newline verrick turned his back and started for the lake bed . he snorted , muttered ,  no one has been born on earth in three hundred years . this is nt my land . not entirely .  newline newline and truth be told , it was nt . he was half volton , as most of the population was now . both him and and their alien compatriots had lost many in the war of earth . to diseases and weapons they fell . when the smoke cleared , there were few viable options left for the continuation of their species . nowadays it was utterly normal to be of the two . pure bloods were nearly nonexistent . newline newline the lithe young man turned his eyes on the desert landscape as he walked . at the base of a hill , a statue peaked out , half buried in the sand . he slid down the brown sands for a better look . he d never seen a human sculpture before . newline newline the subject was a woman with haughty but pretty features . her gaze was turned upwards , towards what varrick did not know . thin lips and doe eyes , features that stood the tests of time . thus far . the upturned nose was cracked . newline newline  she s kinda pretty ,  he commented .  does anyone know who this statue is ? over by the lake ?  newline newline at first , there was silence . he wondered if anyone had heard , and was about to repeat himself when marv spoke up . newline newline  that s her . queen calla .  newline newline varrick turned his gaze sharply to the woman . his jaw fell slightly as he drank in the sight of her . the queen . first and last of her name , calla . newline newline just over three hundred years ago , she had been the chosen one . the human who was deemed to be the purest of soul and mind , and made queen to their benevolent ruler . her twenty year reign brought peace to the entire galaxy . newline newline a peace that came crashing down in a maelstrom of nuclear fire . newline newline calla lost her title when she was assasinated by an agent of mallara , a human who was as brilliant as she was cruel . the books said that mallara had been an assistant to calla in her early days as queen . the scientist had , in secret , made a pact with the mortal enemies of the volton . joton . a beastly race of aliens utterly despised throughout the galaxy . newline newline mallara came to contact their ruler , and offered him a deal . she would give him the key to bringing down the volton ... if he destroyed the earth . newline newline and so , trades were made . she gave him an unstoppable virus . he gave her the keys to the nukes . billions perished in days . newline newline they fled across the galaxy after their joint genocide , a failed endeavor . queen calla caught them and had them executed . alas , an agent of the dead fiends stepped up to avenge their deaths . the queen fell to his bullet mere days later . the population was plunged into a frenzy , fearful that another virus might strike their already waning numbers . it would be a century before peace found a foothold in their galaxy . newline newline  why would a human want the earth destroyed ?  he asked aloud .  that does nt even make sense . why would she turn to the enemy ?  newline newline  she was insane ,  shara answered immediately . it sounded like verbatim of an age old argument . newline newline varrick rolled his eyes and scoffed .  that s the lazy answer . and the obvious one . really . why ?  newline newline looking at calla , he could only wonder . she had been a good and just queen . the books said that . just about eradicated disease and misfortune . so why would someone want her  and the whole of earth  dead ?my work shift has almost ended when a new ticket appeared in the queue . newline  the machine does not work ! ! !  . mrs. thomsen strikes again . newline newline i sighed and walked to her workplace . newline newline  what do you mean by it does not work  ?  i asked . newline  it says something when i try to kill the past .  newline  something ?  newline  i did not understand it so i closed it .  newline newline i selected the past and pressed red kill button . the message said  if you kill the past , there would be no future .  newline newline  hmm , it seems something has changed in the new version ,  i pressed ok.  see , it killed the past . just make sure you do not do it in the main timeline .  newline newline  sure !  said janet thomsen cheerfully . newline newline remaining half hour of my shift felt like an eternity . and for a good reason , as i have suddenly noticed that clocks have nt been moving for a while . newline newline bloody great , and that s after i clearly told her not to touch the main timeline .the first two weeks were rough . the attack on the starbucks killed three and could have been much worse if an off duty cop hadn  t been nearby with his firearm . we sent the creatures to the medical examiner , called in fbi and cdc . nobody could identify them . six days later , one goblin appears in the park . kids went running in all directions . the woman who ran her car off the road and into the gob was an absolute hero . the nearest officer was 15 minutes away . newline newline we increased patrols , encouraged citizens to remain vigilant and even encouraged some people and business owners to carry weapons . we held weekly weapons training exercises at our station  s range and managed to minimize the accidental shootings , though they unfortunately sometimes occurred . newline newline things went well for the next few months . our town banded together , rose to the challenge , killed some goblins . we saw an overall decrease in crime . people increased their volunteering and helped pick up the garbage on the streets . they voted in a new antigob tax in november so we could fund more cops , though the truth was we didn  t need it . newline newline of course , i knew the next problem was only a matter of time . we heavily encouraged people to not deal with the goblin corpses , to let the authorities handle them . i didn  t lie to the public , but i may have hinted that the gobs were toxic , carried ebola or something . looking back , i  m surprised we managed to keep a lid on the  booty  issue for five whole months . newline newline it started with a few aholes wearing armor and carrying swords , thinking they were in some sort of medieval quest . we tried to discourage them , tell them that taking on the goblins with swords was both dangerous and messy , but they kept trying . finally , they got one . and of course , like any gamer , what did they do ? they searched its pockets . newline newline the truth was worse than any disease the goblins might have . the goblins carry gold . two to five pieces of gold each , just sitting in their pockets , which at today  s prices can be worth thousands of dollars . newline newline as soon as word of that spread , the vigilante goblin hunts began . our town began forming roving bands of armed men trying to hunt the goblins down . even worse , we had gang members from los angeles drive in and take their shots , increasing our crime and making everyone less safe . then some silicon valley investor tried to fund a hunting ring . newline newline it turns out the vigilantes are worse for our town than the goblins . i want to reenforce our restrictions on weapons , outlaw any private citizen hunting goblins and jail some of these gangs who try to make a quick buck out of our town  s curse . but of course , every time i think i have that authority , 2 or 3 gobs show up in a park and scare some kids before they  re taken down by a private group . voters won  t let me do what  s needed to keep us truly safe . i can  t win .for countless years i searched , desperately scouring the planet for the elusive source of limitless power . two items , majestic on their own , granting power unimaginable when combined . i would let no man , woman , or child stand in my way  i would become the most powerful man ever to exist . newline newline the day came when both items were in my possession , and on that day i lost more than one of my oldest companions . the man who stole their lives would pay , as would his mentor . this stone , which would sear the flesh off of any bone , combined with this mask of darkness , will grant me immortality and all the powers of man . newline newline it was a long battle , one which should have been won by me , one which was almost won by me . into space i flew , soaring through the sky and atmosphere , my limitless power now an endless curse . i could not breathe , and i could not die , i could only feel myself going insane  he s going insane ? i m filling my head with voices , endless voices , thinking , screaming , no , no more ... newline newline my body his body begins to freeze from the nearabsolute zero temperature and he becomes trapped in the void of space for eternity . unable to die even though he wishes for it , kars eventually stops thinking ...it is your mother who tells you these things , and in the morning you glance over your shoulder to look out for demons and the secret police  are nt them the same ? you asked your mother once , but she had gone mute  . she tells you the stories at night , and in the morning she makes you forget them .  they will not forgive you for believing in something other than them ,  she explains , and you , the frightened , understanding child nods and holds her tight . newline newline at school you repeat what your teachers tell you to know .  22  5 ,  you say when the teacher asks , and they beam at you , the smart , obedient child of the new generation . newline newline at home , you listen to your mother s stories and pray to a god you do not know if you believe in .  please save us ,  you mutter into your intertwined hands . newline newline newline newline   a wandering mind  newline newline  surely , if the rest of the world believes it , it must be true , no ?  he asked the young lass , as he sat at her small kitchen table . newline newline  what s popular is nt always right ,  she replied curtly , standing at the counter and fidgeting with porcelain bowls . newline newline  and what s right is nt always popular . yes , i ve heard the saying . ca nt fault me for trying , though , can you ?  newline newline  why would you lead with a fallacy ?  newline newline  for simplicity s sake . i could just as easily lead with a huge set of theses and proofs and philosophical arguments , but that would turn off the average person .  newline newline  do i seem like the average person ?  newline newline  no . you completely deny what everyone else accepts . i suppose my old habits die hard .  newline newline  well then , let s get on with the debate . oh , wait  chocolate or peanut butter ?  newline newline  erm ... i can send someone to get food from any restaurant you want , on my dime . we do nt have to eat cereal .  newline newline  i like cereal a lot more than i like waiting . chocolate or peanut butter ?  newline newline  do you perhaps have reese s pieces ?  newline newline  sure do . milk ?  newline newline  please .  newline newline  so , out with it then .  newline newline  have you ever experienced a false awakening ? woken up , gone about your daily activities , only to suddenly find yourself back in bed , waking up again ?  newline newline  not really , but i know some people who have .  newline newline  is it not feasible that all of reality is simply an impenetrable false awakening ?  newline newline  nope . i think  therefore i am .  newline newline  a clever phrase , indeed , but i believe you are misinterpreting it . you do nt know for sure that your thoughts are your own , or that they originate from within you . it s entirely possible that they are generated from some outside source . ignoring my religion s questions about the nature of reality for a moment , we human beings have the ability to empathize  to think as another .  your thoughts could well be the result of some other entity empathizing . the phrase i think  therefore i am  does nt prove your own existence  it merely proves the existence of a thinker .  newline newline  hm , never thought of it that way ... but how do you know that the thinker is a dreamer ? maybe we re in a computer . you know , like the matrix .  newline newline  computers have glitches and bugs that occur consistently . they are reproducible , even though the circumstances that led to their occurrence may be difficult to replicate . furthermore , the probability of butterfly effects tends to be ... low . members of my religion have established an international organization whose purpose is to research anomalies in the world and attempt to replicate them . despite a decade of work , we have had no success .  newline newline  you sure that s not your fault ?  newline newline  i ca nt rule it out . consider , however , that dreams could produce irreproducible anomalies . dreams can produce things that are random  or , at the very least , closer to being random than any fault in a computer system .  newline newline  what makes you think that knowing about the dream would wake god  up ?  newline newline  if we exist as characters in a dream , then we must be representative of the dreamer s mind . we are generated by it , and we are the result of its processes . if all of us become aware of the dream , then the dreamer s mind must , in its entirety , also be aware of the dream . if that does nt result in a full awakening , it will at least result in a lucid dream , and the resulting widespread anomalous occurrences will validate our awareness .  newline newline  how do you know the dreamer is nt already awake ? it could be a daydream .  newline newline  that s a distinct possibility , but the anomalies we ve detected are more characteristic of a sleeping dream than a daydream .  newline newline  she might have a wandering mind .  newline newline  i suppose .  newline newline  what do you get out of waking the dreamer ? if we re just characters in a dream , then we ll all die once the dream ends .  newline newline  we will not die  we will ascend . the dreamer s mind will be returned to the true reality , where it will perform great deeds .  newline newline  or maybe she ll just finish her cereal before it gets soggy , and then fail another philosophy exam . davy blahbla was about to turn 18 . he d quite forgotten as he d been shooting heroin for a couple of years now and had lost track of time . newline newline he was living on friends couches and the streets , had nt attended school for over a year and was shooting junk everyday . newline newline despite his life being a complete fucking shambles , he was actually in possession of an iphone 6 , which he had legitimately purchased and had even spent a few days lining up for . he was after all homeless and found the apple fanboys particularly charitable . newline newline on the eve of his 18th birthday  which he was still unaware of  , he found a bar that he was nt barred from , that had a phone charging station and a suitable bathroom for him to shoot up in . newline newline it was close to midnight by this stage and when davy got back from the bathroom , he found that his phone had several notifications from facebook . newline newline a few junky friends had posted junky birthday wishes . basically just hbd  . it was the most they could muster . anyway , three or more notifications down , davy sees that he has a friend request . newline newline davy did nt get many friend requests , and now that it was  slowly  dawning on him that it was his birthday , he felt especially elated . newline newline the friend request was from the state government . attached to the request was a message : newline newline dear mr blahbla , newline newline it has come to our attention that you have turned 18 and must now be assigned your pet that matches your personality . based on your fb profile  as well as other social media you participate in  we have concluded that you shall be given a dragon . newline newline this is the first time someone has been assigned a dragon , so congratulations . newline newline please find attached the directions for retrieving and training your dragon . newline newline sincerely , newline newline odessa bilderberg , newline newline general manager , newline newline animal assignment . newline newline newline davy was over the flipping moon . it could have been the heroin , but who knows . he left the bar and crashed in a dumpster in the rear alley . newline newline as his actual birthday day began , the bar was opening up for the breakfast crowd . the bar s manager found davy in the dumpster and not being able to wake him , called the police . newline newline the police arrived promptly and proceeded to arrest davy . newline newline look , long story short , the police end up taking davy to get his dragon , but it ends up escaping and davy spends the rest of his life chasing the dragon . newline newline newline newline was it worth it ? let me work it . put my thang down flip it and reverse it . pawn e4  , a tired old man said . the white pawn sliding of its own volition across the holographic board , resting in its destination with cold precision . newline newline  really ? after thousands of years you open the same way . pawn to e5 is the only option here , said his opponent , who though similar in age appeared less world weary , parrying his move . newline newline  it is a powerful opening , what more could you ask of me ?  , a twinge of fire sparked in his eyes draining the years from his face .  i am afraid old friend this shall be our last game , it is time to make a choice .  newline newline the platform was trimmed with steel and glass railings raised high above the ground of the park . dozens of men and woman played various games , though chess dominated them . familys walked with their children laughing at some joke only they heard . dogs caught flying disks thrown by human and android alike . small children played the timeless game of tag . newline newline the sky broke through the thick dome as if nothing was there at all , mingling with artificial light . ships of all sizes speckled the sky traveling in all directions . a dark crescent shadow passed over the chessboard blotting out the pieces for a moment . the men followed it and glanced at a young couple . the woman was reading a novel huddled in her lovers arms , who was stroking her hair and admiring her . newline newline  we are going to end this ?  , the weary man stated bluntly , staring at the couple , his eyes wet .  the love , the passion , the admiration of those we care about ? knight f3  newline newline  all things must end , you stated this yourself . less you forget about war , violence the destruction of the very planet you gifted them ! they have spat on every chance that you gave them every lesson you have taught . when will the teacher finally give up on his students ? when i pulled the veil back from your eyes you cast me out ! black knight to c6  , a cold chill rose up in the air , causing the young woman to draw nearer to her lover . the pages of her book fluttered in the wind . newline newline  old friend look at the children below . see how they play ? they know nothing of the sins of the past why should they suffer ? do their parents not love them regardless of the pain they cause in their life ? do they not suffer in vain ? look at the wonder they create with only the hands they were given ? bishop b5  , he placed a weary hand on his chin . newline newline  yet you look past the harm they cause ?  , glancing at a child whose anger could be felt . he was yelling at his dog for stealing his treat . he grew more angry at the small animal as it began to cower away in remembrance .  some harm lasts beyond the cause . when does it end ? when does the hand that heals become the hand that ends suffering for good ? i would end it all if i was allowed , just say the word and the cold fist of justice shall judge one last time . knight f6  newline newline the knight clicked into place with a slight shimmer . newline newline  i will not snuff out what i have created . they learn , and grow in spite of and because of the pain they cause . it does nt stop them , it does nt slow them . what is love without anger ? what is pain without respite ? pawn d3  newline newline  do you not want those you love most to live without suffering ? without pain ?  newline newline the young woman gripped her head in intense pain , bolts of anguish tore through her body like lightning . the man stood up and quickly drew a small syringe gun from his coat , placing it with familiar precision on her neck . he held her close to his chest as the pain subsided , lightning became static , static became a whisper . the sound of his heartbeat , a beacon to relief . a guide in her madhouse . newline newline  i think we shall continue this game another day . some choices are better left unmade  , the board shimmered away , the pieces faded almost instantly . his opponent only nodded . newline newline  love can be healer of all .  , the old man did not look tired any longer .one punch . one fist slamming into a face was all it took . i could nt hold it back anymore . i could nt keep myself in check . it had been 15 years since i gained this curse and i had only succumbed to it twice . this makes three , i guess . newline newline i was walking home from work , the rain drizzling down on my quite city . the lights on sidewalk illuminating a group of men , huddled under an awning to keep dry . i pulled my hood closer to me and kept walking . about twenty steps later , i felt rough hands dragging me into an alleyway . i was being mugged . the three guys , no more the 18 years old , began to beat me mercilessly . i could feel the heat from their fists drilling into me in the chill of the rain . i could see the blood dripping from my mouth to the ground . the wind rushed out of me as two held me while the other punched me in the gut , bending me over . they were satisfied with their work , so they began to rifle through my pockets . that s when i heard her footsteps . newline newline i could recognize the sound of her footfalls anywhere , always so steady . today , they faltered , but old for a second .  what do you think you are doing ?  she yelled at the young men .  get away from him before i call the cops !  . they smiled at one another and began to circle around her . up until now , i had been level headed and calm . i was at peace with what was happening to me . but if they laid a single finger on her . . . newline newline slam !  newline newline the leader landed a solid blow on her cheek . that was it . that was my breaking point . in an instant , my rage went from ice cold to that of a roaring volcano . i was rage itself . i could feel my skin boiling i was so mad ! no , wait . my skin is boiling . the sound of hissing steam overtook the sounds of falling rain . the boys looked back to investigate the noise just in time . they got a full view of my true self . newline newline people always wear masks . they hide who they really are by putting on a mask for each occasion . when i am angry , all those masks fall off . they shatter , revealing the truth underneath the masquerade . my skin is now red , covered in hard scales . my hands end in sharp claws of obsidian . my eyes narrow into cateyes and my hair goes a stark white . my teeth become like spears in my mouth and my chest feels like it is on fire . i can feel it building up inside me , that urge to tear out their throats and feast on their flesh . my primal urges overpowering me , my urge to kill , to protect , and to eat . newline newline a roar looses from deep within my body , a roar that shatters windows and blows away loose trash in the alley . i move too quickly for them to keep up . before i can stop myself , i have thrown all of them against the back wall of the alley , keeping myself between them and her . i open my mouth to tell them to run , but a stream of liquid fire shoots out instead . the screams are cut short as they melt almost instantly . i began to cool off , the rain calming me down . newline newline i turn to look at her , laying on the ground . she is looking at me , fear in her eyes . i begin to change back to normal and the fear vanishes . she holds me tightly , thanking me for protecting her , again . i reach around and hold her tightly to me .  nobody can take my treasure from me . nobody will ever take you away from me .  newline newlinetightly lashed tourniquets cut into his wrists , a dull and constant pain as his hands slowly died from restricted bloodflow . nails in the palms of his hands leaked blood . pastor thompson tried not to feel the warm trickle as blood dripped down his bound arms . newline newline his legs grew tired of holding his weight up , of stopping the unrelenting press of his own body s weight on his lungs . breathing was a chore  each breath came with a little more difficulty than the last . newline newline the bright hot dual suns scorched his bare flesh under the cloudless green sky . through bleary eyes he looked down from his crucifix at an assembly of richly adorned priests from a multitude of species , no one like the other . the priest of xhulin sat motionless , chittering mandibles clacking under a spiked carapace . the high bishop of balsaera ran his beak through golden feathers , calmly grooming and preening . the three inch tall archpope of nuyra sat calmly siphoning blood from his parasite host , a twelve foot tall hulking brute with glassy eyes . newline newline pastor thompson could barely make out any distinctions beyond the closest members . his mouth was dry , lips and tongued cracked from thirst . he begged for water . newline newline  was your messiah given water at his death , godslayer ?  newline newline pastor thompson nodded weakly . if he were still physically capable of speaking clearly he would have spoken of the roman centurion who placed a wet sponge on the tip of his lance for christ to drink from . newline newline the priest nodded tersely . pastor thompson felt a small brief surge of hope , before remembering that the xhulini nodded to say  no  , and waved their hindarms to signify  yes  . newline newline the nuyran archpope turned to face the assembly of religious authorities , spreading his tiny wings majestically from atop his hulking host s broad shoulders .  let all assembled witness on this day , the great reparation ! for the almighty sent , in his eternal love and grace , his own son to lead the humans of earth out of darkness . and this gift of love was beaten , brutalized , and murdered .  newline newline the small nuyran spun around to glare at pastor thompson , throwing his wings wide in righteous anger .  and after murdering the son of the almighty , were they apologetic ? did the humans repent , or beg forgiveness ? no ! they turned around and claimed that this murder , this sacrilege , was the almighty s plan ! that the almighty was so merciless , so unforgiving , that only by orchestrating the death of his own son could he somehow forgive humanity of their sins !  newline newline the assembly of intergalactic religious authorities murmered angrily , a jumble of responses making their way to pastor thompson s ears . .  preposterous !   utter nonsense !   ludicrous !  newline newline pastor thompson tried vainly to speak in humanity s defense . we did nt know ! we thought it was the way ! but as he hung from his crucifix , his lungs beginning to slowly fill with his own bodily fluids as he baked in the merciless suns , he found himself unable to reply . newline newline he turned his head , slowly and painfully , to his left , then to his right . more crucifixes , stretching beyond the horizons of the alien world . an uncountable host of them , each with a suffering pleading human lashed and nailed to their frame . uncountable , yet pastor thompson was fairly certain it would number around seven billion . newline newline the parasitic archpope of nuyra swung his host s broad muscular arms wide , gesturing to the mass genocide being staged behind him .  the humans have murdered their messiah , thus it is only fair and right in the eyes of the almighty that they suffer the same fate he did ! and their lands be taken from them , left to be reclaimed by the wilds and the beasts of the land sea and sky . and thus , is the great reparation paid in full .  newline newline  glory to he .  the assembly of intergalactic faith intoned in unison . as the crucified members of humanity withered baked and suffocated upon their crucifixes , the archpope led his followers in a hymn , and a prayer for mercy upon the souls of those paying reparation .your memory is here in the heart of eden . newline newline the garden pathways of my mind meander in the mist , newline newline but eventually they return . newline newline all roads to rome , newline newline all veins back to the heart , newline newline and i to you . newline newline i know that the memory is not really you . newline newline it is rigid , static  and when it speaks , newline newline they are echoed words gone pale and weak . newline newline but still i find i am not free  newline newline i mourn for what will never be . newline newline you do nt belong here , so you rust  newline newline some day you ll be the garden s dust . newline newline and while i long for that day s dawn , newline newline i ll treasure you until you re gone .hi ! newline newline i really liked this . i had no issue with the terminology , and i think it actually adds a little more realism to piece . i would nt expect any future society , one that lives in a dome and grows babies like they re papayas , to not have advanced a little bit linguistically . newline newline all in all , i thought it was a beautiful meditation on love and sex and the eden fable . one thing that bothered me , though , was naming of the characters . maybe it s a way to roll with the title you were given , but i thought the allegory would have worked beautifully without the biblical namedropping . it comes across a little heavyhanded , and it hearkens back to those old world war ii pulp stories , the ones that would feature two warring planets named sixa and seilla . i do nt think the metaphor will be lost on anyone if the names are replaced . newline newline but that s just one person s opinion . this story made me happy to read . keep writing , please : i could feel nothing . silhouettes against the bright lights above told me that i was not alone . moments ago , i had been sitting on my porch . now i was ... here . where was i ? in my disoriented state , i would have thought that i was in the hospital or somewhere along those lines , but something unnatural about the place tickled my mind . newline newline these were nt people . that was it . their shape was inhuman , their posture unnatural . my mind categorized them separately from everything i already knew of , and placed them in the uncanny valley with the nightmares . for all i knew they were nt even humanoid . i could only see them from the chest up , after all . newline newline work was being done here . i could tell that , though i could nt tell whether they were looking at me . there was no pain . there was nothing at all . i tried to pick my head up . nothing happened . newline newline a taste like metal filled my mouth . the dull sound of something like a power tool reverberated in the back of my mind . newline newline i was slow to realize that i had been abducted . but when i did , i knew what they were . was this how i would go out ? or would i be returned to my planet , only to be designated insane , another crazy believer ? newline newline a different feeling broke my trance . it was a sound , like a siren off in the distance . i really was crazy apparently . there were no sounds in space ... newline newline  newline newline the officer looked down at the tiny grey figures below him and chuckled . newline newline  what are you boys doing out here ? this is a conservation system !  newline newline one of the children , seemingly the most mature out of them , spoke up in a stutter .  we ... we wanted to see the humans .  newline newline the officer gave a soft smile and knelt down , patting the little alien on the head .  you know they re still a young species , right ? they re actually classified as sentient , you know . although that call is a little debatable ...  newline newline  but we just wanted to play with them , sir !  newline newline  i do nt think the human wants you to play with him , does he ? he must be pretty scared right now .  newline newline the tiny grey alien looked up at him with its huge eyes , looking guilty .  i guess so ... i m sorry sir . it wo nt happen again , honest .  newline newline  newline newline something else is in the room . is this what they ve taken me for ? he s ... larger . its like he is the one in authority . these beasts are listening to that thing ! newline newline are they going to eat me ? will i make it out alive ? ! newline newline  newline newline  you know i could actually arrest you for sentience abuse , but you guys seem like nice kids . why do nt you go home now and leave the humans alone . maybe some day when you re older there will be more humans , and you can have one as a pet !  newline newline the boys perked up a little .  ok sir ! thank you !  newline newline with that settled , the officer retrieved the scared human . he carried the paralyzed life form with him into his cruiser , connected through the airlock . the grey aliens waved goodbye behind him . newline newline  i ll take you home , buddy .  newline newline the human let out a soft whimper in response .he was a very interesting case to behold , and i did nt finally notice it until jumping to some 3,000 different universes . hell , i do nt even remember what universe i came from , or what made it unique . i ve seen universes where the sky is blue and the grass is orange . universes where a mutation in human genes made us purple . i ve seen a universe where what was supposed to be a sea , was actually a forest  which was actually a lot more common than i would have thought  , and world s where humans naturally used magic . i ve seen world s that ll shock your eyelids . but , in every single universe i ve visited , they all had one thing in common . on may 2 , 1891 , one little boy always died . it did nt seem all to peculiar when i first found it , i mean people die right ? well this one always died , in every single universe i d been to , always on the same day . so naturally i became intrigued . i was determined to find a world where this boy grew to be a man , where he was able to make an impact on the world . so after a bit of research i had found that the day the boy dies was actually shortly after his second birthday . so now i just need to find him alive in one world , where gets to grow into a man . i sorta eventually became attached to the boy , but he always died . once it was a stray bullet fired by a frenchman . another it was an unnamed disease , with no known cure . i saw him get struck by lightning a couple of times , twice in one instance to . towards the end of my search i watched as he was assassinated by the time travel police . this stood out in my mind because that means this was a world where he got to grow up and do something that would require his death . i knew i was close , i could almost smell it . and one day , after watching this boy die nearly over 10,000 times , i came to a world where he finally lived . nothing had killed him  yet  , and he was a full grown man . i was hoping to shake this man s hand , and see what he had become , but i finally figured out why he kept dying . this man did terrible things , and it became apparent that the universe tried to keep him from doing so . but he finally escaped the cold clutch of death , and chose to perform horrendous acts . this man was an abomination , and i regretted having spent all that time following him , trying to watch him live . i was disgusted with myself for growing attached to him . after sticking around for awhile , i jumped to the next universe , where he had died on may 2 , 1891 , due to a heart disease he developed at birth . but as i entered the vortex to jump to the next universe , i let our a sigh and said to myself  god damn it adolf .  hey , adam .  newline newline that familiar tone of voice fills my stomach with that cold , clammy feeling of anxiety . oh no ,  i think , she s here . newline newline last week was quite possibly the most uncomfortable shift of my life . it started like any other  hectic , chaotic , stressful  and calmed to the steady , almost relaxing dinner rush , all within a half hour of my arrival . she was working  bustling about to each of her five tables  as she normally does every tuesday , but that night , there was something different about her . newline newline her posture was a little straighter , her hair a little curlier , her makeup a little heavier . normally a single change would not have caught my eye , but the combination seemed to have a profound effect on the way she interacted with others . she was a woman on a mission . newline newline and her mission was me . newline newline she started off innocently enough with the usual  how are you doing ?  but this time she peppered in a pickup line , which , if i m being completely honest , was executed perfectly .  you must be tired because you ve been running through my mind all day .  i was nt entirely sure she was trying to flirt , until i saw her face : flushed and determined . newline newline i was flattered , but also a bit uncomfortable  i did nt know how to respond to such blatant forwardness . before i could formulate an appropriate response , her best friend arrived for her shift , and i just knew that the night would be flooded with more of my discomfort . i could see it in their hooded glances and practiced smiles . the way they looked me up and down as i traversed across the restaurant . the everpresent grins that played upon their lips . the prolonged eye contact as i poured their drinks . i felt like the sole guppy in a sharkfilled aquarium . newline newline i thought they would go for the new bartender  young , muscular , objectively attractive  but no , they incessantly focused on me , the man with at least a dozen years on them , as well as a hundred pounds . the man with a kid , the start of a bald spot , and the grace of an elephant on roller skates  as evidenced by the record number of glasses shattered that evening  . newline newline the restaurant emptied around midnight , and one by one , the servers checked in with me to get their tipout slips signed . her friend was one of the first to leave , so some of the pressure evaporated with that departure . newline newline but she was the closer , so she would be there until she finished all the extra sidework . i paced nervously around my bar , on edge , until she was done . as she approached me to sign her tipout slip , a slow smile spread across her face . she opened her mouth as if to say something , but changed her mind at the last moment . newline newline i spoke instead .  what ?  newline newline the smile remained on her face as she said ,  nothing needs to be said now that ca nt wait until next week .  she clocked out and disappeared , but her implied promise of continued flirtation lingered over my bar . newline newline so now , as i glance into her dancing eyes with my own anxious stare , i begin my practiced lines of shutting down this girl s unnerving crush . newline newline               newline feedback welcome ! maintaining proper grammar and consistent voice was a bit of a challenge , so please let me know if there s something i can change or work on .i am alone , but i am happy . newline newline i know that may seem hard to believe . you probably think , how could someone , well anyone , possibly be happy about being alone ? what the hell is so great about being alone ? newline newline well , here s the thing . newline newline i was able to marry my high school sweetheart , and with him , we had three , beautiful kids . and we got to see them succeed through their lives , and we were given many , glorious grandchildren . newline newline and then my husband passed away , but i was nt alone then . no , i had my children and my grandchildren with me through all of it . and they stayed with me for years , and years until i finally told them to go and live the lives they wanted to live . newline newline i did nt want to hold down their lives anymore than i already had . newline newline so i sent them off . and that was a whole year ago , but they still send me pictures for every holiday , so i am able to see just how big everyone is getting . newline newline well , i am much aware that i have seen my last holiday . newline newline and i have received the last picture from them . newline newline and as i watch my last sunset , my breathing grows shallow . and i know that i am alone , but i am happy . newline newline because i ve seen everything i ve wanted to see . newline newline and while i m alone now , i ll be with my husband soon . newline newline and that makes me happy .i step off the plane with my luggage in hand . i m so nervous i m excited . my heart beats quickly in my chest . as i walk through the terminal goosebumps appear on my skin . i m not cold . this is the moment i ve been waiting for for over two months . i ve had dreams about this moment . i ca nt wait to see him . newline newline i round a corner and i look up and i see him . he s standing there looking for me . his hands are in his pockets , and he seems nervous . just as i pictured him , blue jeans , tshirt , baseball cap . i smile and i ca nt take my eyes off of him . he has nt noticed me yet . i m racked with nerves and my pace slows . it s going to happen . newline newline he looks up and sees me . a smile spreads across his face and i can feel my cheeks getting flush . my feet start moving quicker as he makes his way towards me . i m grinning from ear to ear . as we come inches from each other i set down my luggage and reach out to hug him . he wraps his arms around me and pulls me in close . it feels like home . i pull back just a little and say ,  hi brad .  so , class , can we all remember the passage we read this morning ?  newline newline  you hit the lord of the titans in the eye with a blue plastic hairbrush .   newline newline  yes , and why is this verse important ? stevie , can you tell us ?  newline newline  it s important because it demonstrates the subtle power of the oracle , even before she was chosen by the mummy .  newline newline  yes , stevie , that s very good . now harrison , i see you have something to say on the matter.. ?  newline newline  yes , ms. penny ! ii wanted to say ... i do nt think that was the purpose of the passage .  newline newline  ... what do you mean , harrison ?  newline newline  i mean ... i thought it was supposed to express the importance of bravery , the guts ms. dare had to use such a little tool to attack the lord of the titans . i mean , it makes sense , right ? her last name is dare . i think ... i think she was chosen to be the oracle because of her bravery , not the other way around .  newline newline  ... harrison .  newline newline  yyes , ms . penny ?  newline newline  go to the vice priest s office immediately .  newline newline  bbut mr. underwood is  newline newline  now .  you have questioned the interpretations of the great prophet riordan , descendant of the scribe of jackson . you need to learn the consequences of your actions .  newline newline  ... yes , ms . penny .  newline newline  good . class dismissed . and do nt forget to reread chapter twelve , children ! because  newline newline  the truth of calypso must be remembered .   newline newline  that s right ! have a good one , everyone , and gods bless !  newlinebad aachen  september 1944 newline newline he was shaken awake by the rumblings of mortar fire far too close to his home . it was not yet dusk . furious , he sat up and yelled for his housekeeper . newline newline  greta ! coffee !  newline newline she shuffled in unhurriedly and frowned . newline newline  you should be asleep herr magnus , for hours still .  newline newline  i do not need to be reminded of what i already know ,  he growled ,  and you are not my nursemaid to order me around so . i require coffee . and a grapefruit half . and be quick !  newline newline she gave him a long look . he shot back his most imperious glare , doing his best to ignore the plaster dust peppering his hair as another shell fell in the distance . newline newline she held his eye just for a few moments longer before turning and shuffling out as slowly as she d entered . newline newline grumbling to himself , he swung his legs over the side of his bed and hurried across the freezing cold floor as quickly as his arthritic knees would allow . newline newline he opened the taps of his shower and surveyed himself in the mirror while he waited for the water to warm . he grimaced at his reflection . he was ancient , but that was nothing new . he d been ancient when that smartmouthed vicar had nailed his ravings to a cathedral door in wittenberg , and that had been over 400 years ago . newline newline the wrinkled and wizened face in the mirror looked old , decrepit . and that was exactly how he felt . newline newline he stepped into the shower , groaning from the soothing pain of the hot water needling his old skin . newline newline he was still toweling himself off when greta returned with a tray . she placed it on his bedside table , ignoring his nakedness . newline newline  you should go out tonight  , she said as she began picking out underwear , and trousers for him . newline newline  can you not hear , woman ? there is war out there . not the green ones , the brown pair .  newline newline  of course i know that ,  she said as she set down a pair of briefs , stockings , and the green pair of pants on his bed ,  but you re not benefitting anyone huddled down here , screaming and complaining . least of all me .  newline newline  they are destroying my city ,  he yelled ,  why should i not be angry ?  newline newline she paused and gave him another long , knowing look . not without tenderness . newline newline  karl ,  she said softly , her eyes dropping just for a moment when she spoke his name ,  you can lie to yourself , but i know you too well to believe that there is nt more to your frustration . newline newline  you are irritable because you feel your age , but you have chosen to starve yourself . however noble your reasons may be , you have nt fed in over a century and so you are turning into a bitter , cranky old man , huddled under an old church .  newline newline  i built this church ! and now that idiot austrian snot is presiding over its ruin !  newline newline  all the more reason to go out there ! you sat out the last war out of fear , or apathy , i do nt know which .  newline newline  fear , apathy  he scoffed ,  i have done more for this land than anyone .  newline newline the tenderness returned ,  that s as may be . you are not a king anymore , but you are still a german , and those madmen will ruin us . you have a duty . and you must feed !   newline newline his shoulders sagged . perhaps she was right . why should he let some insecure little madman ruin his land ? the german people might have only themselves to blame for bringing the tyrant to power , but they were still his people . newline newline he straightened .  fetch me a shirt , not the checked one , the black .  newline newline she smiled ,  yes , herr magnus ,  and turned back to his wardrobe . newline newline charlemagne stepped into his boots . his joints screamed in protest when he knelt to buckle them , but he knew that they would soon feel young again . newline newline he would feast tonight .loop newline newline whoosh ! i was back , like before . fucking genies and their treacherous ways ! but this time i d get it right , i was sure ! newline newline genie , raise my most gcse science grade to an a !  i commanded . there was no way i could screw this up ! newline newline the air around me whipped around me in a vortex of winds , and i could see space warp itself into a tunnel . i was sucked through , and whipped out my phone , where i had taken a screenshot of my results . perfect score ! but ... my answers had nt changed ! my face turned white as a sheet . i knew the call would come any minute now . newline newline i flipped through my photo gallery , and looked around . in all my photos , i was dressed in a suit and a cardigan . and , glasses ? the genie had turned me into a limp wristed poncey nerd ! newline newline as if it had read my mind , my phone burst into song , the first couple of verses of defying gravity . what the fuck , me ? i answered the call , and sure enough it was mr brown , head of it . newline newline  maxwell , i ve gone over your grades , and something s up . your grade does nt match your test , so i m going to have to disqualify you for hacking the system .  newline newline now my memories were getting all screwy . what had i been doing previously ? my clothing began to morph into the clothing i saw in the picture , and i started to develop a lisp as i talked . newline newline  uh , thaths thrange . i need to get back to you later .  newline newline i hung up immediately . i ran back to where i d found the lamp , and tapped on it . the genie exited the lamp , and fortunately it seemed he did nt recognise me . what had i wished for before ? and the time before that ? i did nt know anymore . i just knew what i had to ask now ... newline newline  uh , genie , could you correct my biggest mistake ?  newline newline loopmeteor impacts water off of disputed asian islands , tsunami advisories issued newline newline submitted 1 year ago by metroauth to rworldnews newline newline 10730 comments  share  save  hide  report newline newline newline megatsunamis make landfall , 100,000s feared dead newline newline submitted 1 year ago by derpul016 to rworldnews newline newline 9457 comments  share  save  hide  report newline newline newline megatsunami devastation in taiwan newline newline submitted 1 year ago by kerov to rpics newline newline nsfw 5280 comments  share  save  hide  report newline newline newline scientists confirm meteor composition , new elements discovered newline newline submitted 1 year ago by salmonboy to rscience newline newline 7280 comments  share  save  hide  report newline newline newline china moves to acquire meteor , japan , south korea , and taiwan respond newline newline submitted 1 year ago by dresponse to rworldnews newline newline 9542 comments  share  save  hide  report newline newline newline kerry in korea for talks over meteor resources dispute newline newline submitted 11 months ago by scram043 to rworldnews newline newline 5842 comments  share  save  hide  report newline newline newline china : talks officially over newline newline submitted 10 months ago by queenanne47 to rworldnews newline newline 10167 comments  share  save  hide  report newline newline newline chinese , japanese warships clash over meteor , war imminent ?  newline newline submitted 10 months ago by skobbelus to rpolitics newline newline 3314 comments  share  save  hide  report newline newline newline sanders : why should we go to war ?  newline newline submitted 10 months ago by trumpicus to rsandersforpresident newline newline 773 comments  share  save  hide  report newline newline newline us declares war on china , backs japan , sk , tw newline newline submitted 9 months ago by washcit to rnews newline newline 21672 comments  share  save  hide  report newline newline newline russia , north korea back china in asian war newline newline submitted 9 months ago by vzach37 to rworldnews newline newline 20386 comments  share  save  hide  report newline newline newline nato , eu pledge support to us newline newline submitted 9 months ago by columbchal to rworldnews newline newline 17183 comments  share  save  hide  report newline newline newline the war we are seeing can not be called world war iii newline newline submitted 9 months ago by appropriategecko to rchangemyview newline newline 175 comments  share  save  hide  report  deltas from op newline newline newline bernie sanders on world war iii : so dank , ayy lmao newline newline submitted 8 months ago by bongo0167 to rcirclejerk newline newline 32 comments  share  save  hide  report newline newline newline how 2 rek chinese skrubs in w0rld war newline newline submitted 7 months ago by 420bluntz to rmontageparodies newline newline 228 comments  share  save  hide  report newline newline to be continued ...i was wondering aimlessly through a field i had passed through many a time before this , when i felt a sharp pain in my foot , and noticed something metal at my feet . i had incredibly found a genie bottle ! it was a rough metal , with many years of wear . i gave a slight caress to the object and a large swarm of wind came about and knocked me off of my feet and assaulted my senses . when i collected myself i saw that a large genie had appeared right before my very eyes !  glorious human ! you have stumbled upon my lamp , and to reward your stumbling , you have three choice !  the massive beast bellowed belligerently at me .  but wait . i thought genie s granted wishes ? not give choices  i sheepishly interjected .  yes , yes . we used to grant wishes  the genie replied .  but your race was so callous and careless with your newfound power that we had to change the whole system .  newline i stood back and evaluated my current situation .  choices ? what kind of choices ?  my mind was racing . what kind of power was i about to receive ?  choices on the fate of the human race  the vast being replied .  you have three choices . one : you can choose to end world hunger . two : stop all current wars and prevent any future wars . or three : find out what s in that box over there .  i looked behind him and saw what appeared to be a large chest that had never been in that field before . i was perplexed by the current choice i found myself in . i evaluated my choices one by one . if i ended world hunger , thousands of lives would be spared and struggling countries would be built up and improved beyond their wildest imaginations . ending all of the current and preventing future wars would save thousands , possibly millions of lives . it would also bring stability to a world that has never seen true stability . but that box , what s in the box ? my mind raced , and i could not decide what to choose . i had the the opportunity to save millions of lives or prevent any foreign conflict for all eternity . i finally made up mind and turned to the genie .  great genie , i decide  and suddenly everything went black , and i woke up laying in the field i had previously strolling through . thus ended my first mushroom trip .for as long as i can remember , the monster has lived under my bed . though , i  ve never seen it , i  ve heard stories of it . how it fed , if it breathed air , or ever really slept , i didn  t know . after all , the space under my bed wasn  t that much . let alone big enough for a monster to live under . but there it resided for years . that  s what they tell me , at least . newline newline newline the monster was more prevalent when i was younger , protecting me from all sorts of scary things  especially the bad man . in fact , it  s been years , i  ve been told , since the monster has made an appearance . now , the monster was back , to protect me . newline newline newline i was sleeping in my bed when i woke up in flash , hearing loud screaming and banging downstairs . i could hear my mom  s voice wailing in the night and the bad man howling back at her . the bad man was truly evil . he looked like and spoke like my dad , but he wasn  t him . it was like the bad man put on my dad  s skin . when the skin was on , he would do terrible things  breaking dishes , windows , bones , and anything else he could grab . newline newline newline i heard the footsteps coming up the stairs , while my mom screamed for him to stop . i pulled myself under the blankets , hoping they would protect me . the door swung open and whacked my dresser . the bad man entered my room . i trembled with fear as i heard him walk closer and closer to my bed . shaking violently , i gripped the covers as hard as i could , until he pulled them off of me . i screamed and it all went black . newline newline newline i awoke the next day to the sound of my mom downstairs making breakfast , while a soft rain hit against my window . i rubbed my eyes and remembered my nightmare from the night before  the bad man had come back . i shivered as i pushed myself up and out of bed . i looked around my room , and nothing was out of place , despite my memories of the smashed mirror and closet door being ripped off the hinges . what . happened ? i ran my hands through my hair , perplexed but calm , chalking the thoughts to my nightmare entering into my random access memory . newline newline newline i made my way downstairs and turned towards the kitchen . i walked through the doorway and was greeted by my mother whose face was hovering over the stove as she frantically made breakfast with a muffled  you  re going to be late.  my dad , sitting at the table , didn  t bother looking up at me . the kitchen was clean and organized , but not how i remembered it from last night . the sink was splattered in blood , the fridge door handle was ripped off and jammed into the wall . but , now , nothing . newline newline newline  i know , sorry mom i overslept  i trailed off as i again caught a flashback of the bad man ripping the covers off my bed . my dad , keeping his face in the newspaper , sideeyed me with a look of disgust . newline newline newline after covering the plate in more pancakes than a family of three could eat in a week , my mom turned around and walked to the table . my jaw dropped when i saw what caused the muttering earlier . her bottom lip was swollen to twice the size of what her normally thin lips were . newline newline newline  jesus christ , what happened ?  i said before i could stop myself . newline newline  she was reaching up top for one of her pans on the shelf and it fell and hit her last night ,  my dad said with a look of reassurance .  isn  t that right dear ?  newline newline  yes , i really should  ve been paying better attention.  newline newline  is that what all that screaming was about last night ?  i asked . newline newline  what screaming , dear ? oh hurry and eat your breakfast , you  re already late ,  my mom replied , shoveling pancakes onto my plate . newline newline  i guess i  m having those monster dreams again.  newline newline  oh come on ! the doctor said that was just a phase !  my dad snapped at me . newline newline newline i poured some orange juice into my glass and dug into breakfast without as much as a peep . he was right though , it had been years since the monster under my bed made an appearance . but , come to think of it , that was the first time the bad man made an appearance in my nightmares in years . newline newline newline pushing myself away from the table , i got up and walked towards the sink . setting my dishes in the sink , i caught a glimpse of what looked like a tooth . i reached over and grabbed it . i flashed back to last night again , as i saw the kitchen table smashed on the floor and my mom cowering in the corner . i blinked and was back in the clean kitchen . newline newline newline  mom , is this a tooth ?  i asked as i tried to put the puzzle in my head together . newline newline  a tooth ? no , sweetie , that  s probably an old bread crumb ,  she said through gritted teeth , trying to keep her jaw from moving . newline newline  yeah , i suppose it is . it  s just how how did it end up over here by the sink if the pans on the shelf hit you on the other side of the kitchen ?  that felt bold . newline newline  what , honey ?  she replied , as she looked at me with lost eyes . newline newline  what your mother is trying to say is you need to get on your way . now !  my dad said , trying to take control of the conversation . newline newline  no dad . i don  t think so.  newline newline  now !  he screamed back , as my mom put her face into her hands and wept silently . newline newline  or what ?  where did that come from ? i  d never said anything like that to my dad before . newline newline  what ? you think that monster is going to protect you from everything ?  newline newline  protect me from what , dad ?  i demanded to know . newline newline  keep your mouth shut , or you  ll find out soon enough.  newline newline newline right on cue , there was a thud from my bedroom upstairs . we looked at each other with wideeyed fear . newline newline newline  what was that ?  i asked as a shiver went down my back . newline newline  why don  t you be a hero and go find out ,  my dad suggested . my mom was now sobbing into her hands , at the table . newline newline i turned and ran upstairs . i  ll be damned if my dad is going to get away with this .  get away with what ?  i asked myself as i made my way to my room . newline newline i swung the door open . terror struck my body and i froze . i finally got the strength needed , and turned around towards the door and yelled downstairs ,  dad , you  d better come here.  it all went black .she looked down at him sadly . she felt the night around her , smelled the darkening sky , heard the stars come out . she had been drinking . she drank in the evenings now . newline newline ever since she had heard . newline newline she looked down at him sadly . she looked at the soft brown hair , the long nose , the heavy brow , the cleft above his lips  all these she had given him . all that was in the boy was from her  nothing came from the father . nothing came from him . newline newline ever since she had heard . newline newline she looked down at him sadly , measuring the contours of his upturned face , marveling at the smallness of his frame , thinking how best to break his heart . in years gone by she would have died before doing it , would have died from doing it . but all that was over , now . all that love and care and hope that had turned a long life of misgivings to a feeble joy in looking on him was gone . it had been gone a while . newline newline ever since she had heard . newline newline  oh , little one ,  she said with a sigh that cut off a sob .  oh , little one , son of my blood , you do not know . you are alone . you are a fatherless child , an orphan with a mother , a foundling on rocks . your father is dead .  newline newline laughter welled up in her in spite of her efforts to stifle it . a mad smile . newline newline  he s dead , he s dead , he s dead ! he was never alive ! he never was ! i ca nt believe i ever thought he was . i ca nt believe i ever thought he came to me . i ca nt believe i ever thought he had chosen me . i ca nt believe , i ca nt !  newline newline the wineskin was empty . she cast it away . newline newline  i ca nt , my little one . you have to know . you are not special ! you are not chosen ! you are not meant for anything greater ! none of us is ! all we are is born to trouble , as sparks flying upward  and where do they go ?  more laughter .  where , little one ? do you know ? you do nt ! you do nt know anything !  spat in contempt .  you do nt ! where is that wineskin .  newline newline it was on the floor , it was empty . she picked it up , hopelessly . it sloshed  a miracle at last . newline newline the boy slept on , ignoring the curse that had been flung at him , flung at him and missed . the boy slept on , still special , still happy , still eager , still strong , still taking a step with every day towards every tomorrow . still with a mother who loved him , who had given up everything for him , who had won scorn and pain and sorrow for him  a true handmaiden of the lord . a mother who now would forget tomorrow what she had said tonight . newline newline the true handmaiden unstoppered the wine skin and raised the mouth to her lips . red rivers ran down them as they parted , but enough went in . newline newline she drank in the evenings now . she d been drinking ever since she had heard .harold stood there with his hands in his pockets and his shoulders hunched up towards his chin . margaret and josephine stared each other down in their own unique ways . newline newline you see , harold loved both of his wives equally , but they were very very different people . margaret was a highpowered career type who owned several businesses and was independent to the core . she married harold because she respected and loved him , not because she needed him . in fact , she earned much more money that he did . it was the stress and the 50aday habit that eventually took her from harold , and he d always miss her passion and the excitement she d instill in him . newline newline josephine on the other hand , lived a simple and relaxed life . she volunteered for charities , liked to bake cakes for the local neighbors and spent most of her life as a housewife before she met harold . harold and josephine were both retired when they met , so their love flourished as they spent their remaining days together in peace and quiet . newline newline josephine smiled at margaret and extended her hand . newline newline   josephine . how do you do ?   newline newline   charmed ,   margaret offered a limp hand that josephine awkwardly shook . newline newline   so erm , what s it like up here ?   josephine questioned . newline newline   you mean paradise ? what is eternal paradise like ? well josephine , let me tell you . it s a lot like being a housewife for a wealthy man . you can do whatever you please and wake up every morning feeling like you ve accomplished nothing , but somehow being happy with that . so i m sure you ll like it just fine ,   margaret scowled . newline newline   margaret , please   harold intervened . newline newline   no harold , i wo nt have it . this woman lived off your money , nay , off my money and barely worked a day in her life . oh yes , i was watching all the time as you both squandered your time doing absolutely nothing , achieving nothing and succeeding in nothing . when i died , i left a legacy , i left a change in the world . all you two left was a couple of wrinkled corpses . i thought you were better than that , harold . i thought you d leave something worthwhile .   newline newline harold hanged his head and margaret summoned a pack of cigarettes from the clouds and began smoking . newline newline   he did , margaret . he achieved more than you could ever fathom .   josephine said . newline newline   oh really ? and what would that be ?   margaret scoffed . newline newline   he made an old woman fulfilled in her remaining years . before i met harold i went from loveless relationship to loveless relationship my entire life . my previous husband would never see me , he was always working and providing rather than spending his time loving and caring . he was a good man , but i was never fulfilled . harold spent his final years with me , loved me , made me happy and we spent our time together . yes , sometimes we did nt need to do anything at all , but it did nt matter because whatever we did or did nt do , it was together . you may have left behind businesses and a legacy , but you also left behind harold . he had so much love to give when you ascended , and i was lucky enough to be the one he devoted it all to . what harold left behind was two people who died at peace in the knowledge they were both dearly loved by the other .   newline newline harold embraced josephine and kissed her softly on the forehead . newline newline   what happened to you harold ? you were never like this before . you never loved me like this .   margaret croaked with more emotion in her voice then she would have liked to expose . newline newline   you were never around to see it , margaret . of course i loved you , but you were always to busy , so rushed and stressed that you never gave me the opportunity to give you that time . i loved your passion , i loved that you chased your dreams and had that motivation . it rubbed off on me at the time i needed it , but when i retired , i changed and i did nt need that anymore . when you died , i was so sad and lonely , and i wished i had another chance to slow you down and show you how much i cared . maybe if things worked out differently , we would have had that time together , and you would nt have been taken from me so young . i would have loved to have experienced those twilight years with you , margaret , but life has a funny way of working things out .   newline newline harold smiled once again at josephine . newline newline   i was a different man when we were in love , margaret . we both died as different people , in different stages of our lives . i m not the man you loved that man died during my lifetime and did nt ascend to heaven . the man you loved did not go to heaven i did . i m sorry if my lifestyle upset you , margaret and i hope you can find happiness here .   newline newline   eternal paradise , harold . if i ca nt find happiness here , then there is no hope for me at all ,   margaret smiled bravely with tears filling her eyes . newline newline harold smiled back , took josephine s hand as they walked through the gates together into their eternal paradise . harold gave margaret one final glance over his shoulder and disappeared into the clouds . newline newlinewhen you get to there , everyone is dressed in black as you would expect for a funeral . it is an open casket showing . you are greeted by an elderly man with a warm smile on his face and a firm but comforting handshake . he introduces himself as george richards , and says to you  i  m so glad you could make it , it  s always better this way.  he trails off before you hear him mutter to himself  it helps with the transition  . newline newline he offers to guide you around  confused but intrigued you accept his offer . things become more and more strange the longer you stay there . no seems to notice you  re there , it appears that they just look right through you . people are consistently talking about you in the past tense . newline newline when you finally come to the open casket you are shocked and surprised to see it  s actually you in the casket . it can  t be some kind of life size wax figure , it  s too real for that . it  s an exact replica of , well , you . your confusion and bewilderment now turn to anger and indignation . up to this point , you have gone along with this macabre series of events because you have an appreciation for dark humor . however , this has gone too far . newline newline  hey man , this isn  t funny anymore  you start to say as you spin around to demand an explanation from george , but he  s not there . instead he has been replaced by a figure in a long flowing black hooded cloak holding a scythe . suddenly , as if coming out of a fog , it all comes back to you . the blaring sirens , the flashing lights , the smell of burning rubber and the twisted metal frame of what was once a car . you want to run away but you can  t , frozen with fear . everything in the room appears to have stopped . a skeletal hand extends out from the dark cloak and lands on your right shoulder . the figure said nothing for a while , then in a calm soothing tone said  it  s time to go , son  . you recognize the voice as george  s , except you know his name is not george . it never has been . newline newline edited for spelling and grammarthat day was the true undoing of a mankind . at first aliens thought that they have failed , but inadvertently , their plan has worked with hellish precision . newline humanity was prepared for fighting flying saucers and robots , we had armies and weapons and nukes . if they would attack us with weapons , it would turn into a long , bloody war with victims on both ends . newline they could annihilate our planet entirely , but that would defeat the entire purpose  they wanted resources and a habitable planet , not a postapocalyptic wasteland to live in . newline but this ... . this was horrible . newline newline the next day after the attack , in the offices all over the world , sluggish , caffeine addicted , miserable humans were slugging around their day to day activities , without any drive or energy . newline in a week , the unmotivated and sleepy humanity was brought to a hat by it s own lack of energy . newline newline when the aliens landed  they were faced with apathetic crowds of tvwatching vegetables , who could nt find the motivation for any sort of resistance . newline newline victimless war , absolute victory . newline sad and bored humanity kept walking around and doing things , while aliens were free to have their way with the earth . newline newline until a hero has emerged . johnson was the only person left who was not addicted to coffee or other stimulants , his dopamine pathways were happy and unabused , and now it was on him to save the humanity . newline he used his superhuman powers of motivation and energy to give a shit about what happens next , and lead the resistance of sleepy zombies . newline newline he was the one to say  enough is enough !  , and steal alien jet , and sneak into the mothership . there he found all the caffeine resources from the earth , and unleashed them upon the world . newline a white powder rained like a snow upon the humans , kids were running outside , making angels in the caffeine , looking up at the sky and catching prescious milligrams of caffeine with their tongues . newline newline people were brought back to life , and kicked the inveder s asses . newline affinedating.com ?  i asked , incredulous . newline newline  just , try it , okay ?  jane , my sister , asked me . newline newline  it s a nice thought ,  i said , not really meaning it .  but  newline newline jane visibly gave up .  okay , that s cool , do nt worry about it . mom and dad and beb made me promise to say something so now i can say i did , right ?  newline newline  all three of our parents ? even beb ?  of all our parents , i d have expected beb to have understood . had nt ae been in a similar situation aerself ? i knew ae had nt married my parents until their midtwenties , and my parents had been highschool sweethearts . newline newline  sorry ,  jane said , and she meant it . parents , what are you going to do ? newline newline later that night , i checked it out . and it seemed okay , at first . modern website , but not in a stuffy corporate sort of way . in addition to its obvious purpose , it had polls , forums , games  basically a social network for the affinelacking . newline newline and i d joined the site for maybe an hour , total , before i glanced up at the inbox and saw i had a hundred messages waiting for me . well , 99  , but if anything that was worse . of course , i made the mistake of opening those messages . newline newline  ayy get , wut u up to ? newline newline  ayyy get newline newline  ay newline newline and that was the ones that did nt send pictures of their genitalia . fully half of the messages in my inbox featured a penis or a labia  a few times couples sent both . i even got a few explicit messages from other affine , even though i d checked the  straightbisexual  box . newline newline i d forgotten about this , because i d been trying very hard to forget about it , and the world did not want to let me . affine dating was rough : when you re a teenager absolutely nobody wants anything to do with you . men and women of that age are practically monosexual , because guess what ? you ca nt have a child if an affine s not involved . stereotypes of affine as homomonosex pretty much all stem from desperate aff teenagers full of hormones and othergendered classmates who desperately want to not get knocked up . newline newline almost immediately after college , that all changes . i went from being a nobody to being talked up by couples constantly . if i was at the bar , sure , it was nt a surprise , but the store ? the gas station ? where the hell were all these couples five years ago ? newline newline and it only gets worse . midthirties or so , people start getting desperate . the biological clock may or may not be a real thing , but the biological timer definitely is : you ve only got so long until you ca nt have kids . i literally could not leave the house for longer than a few minutes without running into someone who wanted a kid . not even to take a walk ! i d always thought the green couple down the street were nice , but nowadays they were kinda creepy with they way they seemed to always be watching me . newline newline i closed the damn website . did nt even bother to delete my account , just blocked the reminder emails and tried to forget the entire experience . my parents  even beb !  would bug me again come the holidays , and boy would nt that be fun , but i could at least say i d tried . hell , jane could back me up on that one . newline newline i d known i was nt actually going to follow through , though . i d known that relationships were nt for me for a long time . i d known ever since i d gotten into that accident in college , ever since the doctors said i d make a full recovery , but that there were certain longterm complications . and i had nt really realized what that would mean , at the time , but thinking back my doctor had tried to prepare me as best ae could . newline newline now , though , i knew . every day a couple made up some excuse to run into me and chat , i knew . every time someone with only one wedding ring made eyes at me , i knew . newline newline i leaned back in my chair , pet my cat , and sighed , knowing none of that was for me . newline newline what use was a sterile affine ?detective masters stood in the center of the office , examining the body of the late captain reynolds . he could tell from a glance that there had been a struggle . newline newline the captain s shirt was in disarray , as if being taken off , so it was obvious the he was expecting ... private company . newline newline two glasses on the desk were out , a bottle of brandy nearby . masters noted that they looked to have been cleaned before being replaced . the captain had been poisoned . newline newline as he moved in closer to the body , he saw the hand of the deceased clenched closed . no doubt , reynolds seized something during his demise . newline newline carefully opening the hand with his handkerchief , masters removed the damming evidence . he turned to the gathered suspects . newline newline  i am sorry , mrs. reynolds ,  he said simply ,  but your husband was cheating on you .  newline newline opening his handkerchief , he revealed a lone cufflink , blue instead of the victim s black . newline newline  with his lieutenant , john price . on the edge of the mighty plant blending clan a new blender arose . it combined all the forces of earth fire water and air into one tasty treat of justice . it was taken out of it s confinement for the first time in centuries and given to the only one worthy of the task . newline newline newline newline billy mays here with the exiting new hype blender . for only 19.99 you can use this marvel to chop , dice , slice and , mush anything into a yummy smoothy mix . that s not all , if you order right now you can getwait ... .hold on . i did something wrong . ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh its bender not blender silly me . well here is a entire prompt that is going to go to waste , unless .the bulb of warm liquid was like sucking sour milk from your mothers teet . it tasted like the result of someone who had heard another talking about coffee thought it should taste . it was the closest approximation jaxa had come to in a decade . newline newline  how many ?  newline newline  we do nt know .  newline newline jaxa let the bulb float above the table , it s small magnet guiding it to the surface with a clunk that made the liquid within slosh against the flimsy sides . his companion was not endearing himself and he figured the meeting would nt last much longer . newline newline  destination ?  newline newline  satin .  newline newline now that was worth another sip . nobody went to geminon unless they absolutely had to , the trip wars had seen to that a long time ago . but satin ? that was a whole other level , the war should have cracked that planet and left it be . newline newline  ten million . half up front .  now it was his companions turn to take a drink and mask his shock .  if you think it s too much , you re free to find another cargo hauler with enough banacks to fly into that system . but i can tell you now , i know most of the scum in this bar , present company excluded , and not a one of them would leave orbit for any less than ten .  newline newline  and the cargo ?  newline newline  is your business .  well , i can  t say i  m not surprised , but it does explain quite a few things.  newline newline not exactly the reaction i  d expected . i  d spent days preparing myself for this conversation , running through all sorts of possible scenarios ranging from acute heart failure to attempted murder , but i was not prepared for this cold reception . seriously , if your wife of 3 years explains that she is , in reality , a mythological creature straight from arthurian legend ,  can  t say i  m not surprised  would not be anybody  s first guess at a response . perhaps there was never a need to wait until i could not possibly hide my secret any longer . strange creatures , humansin particular this one . newline newline  to begin with , your breath is absolutely poisonous , although admittedly only in the morning , and  newline newline  don  t make light of this , you jerk ! have you any idea how long i  ve been preparing myself for this conversation ? i seriously wanted to tell you before we got married , but then your parent  s house burnt down , and you know how we  ve never gotten along that well , and i was afraid you  d suspect me and  newline newline  did y ?  newline newline  gods no ! how could you even think that ? think of all the jewelry i  d be burning ! and then there  s the risk that they  d actually take the opportunity to buy a house in our neighborhood and you know how aggressive i get when people intrude in my territory . i was happy they took the opportunity to take that senior  s cruise across the pacific until the insurance money came in and they could rebuild . no , believe me , i had nothing to do with this . anyway , after we got married there just never seemed to be a right moment , until now . well , it  s not exactly right , but i guess it  s hard to hide the fact when the evidence is right in front of your eyes.  newline newline silence . i can see him considering . what does one do in a situation like this ? i can  t leave . i love him , have loved him almost from the moment i first saw him . has it really been 7 years already ? come on , please don  t stay this quiet ! i can tell you  re hurt , but talk to me . we  ve always talked , about everything . well , almost everything i guess . newline newline i can  t take the silence anymore :  what did you mean when you said it does explain a few things ?  newline newline  well , most obviously , you  re the only person who cried when smaug died in the hobbit . i always saw that as one of the quirks that i love about you , but i guess you were honestly rooting for team dragon there . then there  s your unnatural need to herd coins . every single time you go out for coffee , which incidentally you are able to drink at freakishly hot temperatures , you pay with a 20euro bill and then you hoard the coins in this chest you hide in the attic . and then there  s your fanatical attachment to our wedding r.  newline newline  that isn  t me being a dragon ! trust me , a wedding ring is special for any wife , it  s more than a piece of jewelry to me . i actually find it hard to accept how careless you are with yours . the number of times i found the damn thing lying next to the kitchen sink , or in the bathroom , or in the garageit makes me wonder how much you actually care about this marriage , about me.  newline newline  hey , don  t go turning this around on me ! we  re now discussing your shortcomings , and it happens little enough for me to savor the moment.  newline newline he smiles . my heart jumps . we  ll be okay newline newline  i find it hard to believe you doubted me on this . you know i fucking love dragons ! i have that poster in my office.  newline newline  that  s for the scantily clad barbarian warrior princess i think  newline newline  no it is not , reallyhoney , i even preordered skyrim ! for weeks i called you my dovah !  newline newline  yes , and thank god that didn  t last any longer or i would  ve fusrohdah  d you into a wall . you love the idea of dragons , but we  re not exactly like that , you know . as a species , we  re ancient . you live that long , you learn not to be th  newline newline  the sheep !  newline newline  the what ? ! ?  newline newline  the sheep ! they  re always terrified of you . now it makes sense . animals sense imminent danger on a very basic level . you know how before that tsunami in the pacif  newline newline  oh , shut up ! now you  re just playing with me.  newline newline i smile anyway . we  re good . he  ll stick around and we  ll somehow manage . i stretch out my hands , inviting an embrace . he bursts out laughing . newline newline  what is it now , you idiot ?  newline newline no reply . giggly laughter continues , tears streaming down his cheeks . newline newline  i just remember peter dinklage ! every human being loves peter dinklage , but not you . i  m beginning to understand why.  newline newline  his family killed my parents !  newline newline  are you kidding me ? peter dinklage  s granny killed your parents ?  newline newline  dwarves did !  newline newline  he  s not a dwarf , he  s a midget , or whatever the correct term is . dwarves have beards , they live under mountains drinking ale and badmouthing elves . peter dinklage would nt hurt a fly.  newline newline  well , he  s a bit too comfortable using that axe in game of thrones , so i think we  ll have to agree to disagree on that one.  newline newline he looks at me with that goofy smile i  ve come to adore , those droopy eyes that look at me as if i  m his princess . with that stupid grin , he  s definitely not a knight in shining armor . thank god for that . newline newline  so , what now ? what do we tell my parents ?  newline newline  do we need to tell them ?  newline newline  well , i  m fairly sure we can  t just pretend nothing  s going on , i mean i  m sure they wouldn  t necessarily expect their first grandchild to have my hair or skin tone , but i  m sure even they will notice our little wonder here doesn  t resemble his father much at all !  newline newline i lovingly look at the egg i just laid . he is probably right ... newlinei promise it fits the prompt , i got a little ... carried away . newline  newline newline this is a transcription of the full contents of video         , housed at site 19 as documentation for  redacted  . whereabouts of the individual who created this is currently under investigation .  dr. clef newline newline  play  newline an empty room , a voice is heard in the background newline  ever since i got this hat , people have just ... ignored me . it s like i m not even here . i ve walked into the ladies  room , they would ignore me , like they did nt even know i was there . i thought i was dead , i d wave in front of people , i d say things , but they either did nt care about me or they did nt notice me . i always knew i d be a loner ... it s just been me and my hat for the longest time .  newline newline  i ve been places and done things you would nt be able to believe if it were nt for the video you have playing before you right now . now the world will see , the world will know ! ive walked into highsecurity government offices without so much as a second glance . yeah , the alarms would , but ... everyone said the system was broken or something , so they d shut down the alarm and go back to business .  newline newline  one day , i was sitting around at the city of  redacted  when i noticed a news paper someone was holding about  redacted  , that corporation doing biological experiments for the government , talking about their latest excursions into modifications for humans for the russians . i decided i was going to pay them a visit , so i got this video camera , some extra batteries all charged up , and off i went to their labs ... this is where this video begins , i hope you learn something . newline newline  hello , my name is  redacted  , the date is  redacted   i ve parked my car approximately half a mile away at a nearby restaurant the  redacted  s main facilities .  newline newline ... more to come later .late . again . but then again , no one ever cares about time anymore . apparently it was a big thing up to about the twenty first century , but no one from the twenty first century ever talks about it . i was late to my doctor s appointment . the mandatory one , for twentyfive year olds . some of my friends had already gone to the mandatory appointment , but their descriptions only left me more clueless than before . newline newline even though i was going to the same doctor my family had had for the last few centuries , the mandatory appointment was always conducted in a government building on the outskirts of the nearest big city . this meant i had to go to new los angeles . newline newline traffic had gotten so bad since  hmm ... the twenty first century actually  that the highways now had multiple levels  think bridges on top of roads  and getting a driver s license was a real test of skill and mastery . my friend , sam , had one , though . it had taken him two years of studying to pass the license test . newline newline i asked sam about the mandatory appointment , but he was eighty nine now , and the appointment had been so quick , he did nt even remember it , anymore . sam was just pulling of the highway . his hands , covered in various scars and marks from his eighty nine years , but otherwise strong and smooth , turned the wheel sharply and his dark brown curls swayed in the vehicle . newline newline some time later , they pulled up to the unmarked grey building , about twenty stories high and utterly unremarkable .  i ll be right here . you should be out in about half an hour ,  said sam . newline newline  really ?  newline newline  yeah . and if it takes longer , do nt worry about it . we ll have all the time in the world ,  he waved , cheerily . newline newline i checked in with the receptionist , who had hair down to her knees , and was quickly admitted to the small room in which my doctor was waiting . newline newline it was completely empty , save for a medium sized box in the middle of the room . an opaque tube that emerged from the wall was connected to a side of the box . newline newline  we re just going to be waiting a couple more minutes , the nurses are preparing your package . now , when the time comes , all you ll need to do is walk up to this box , and pull this lever .  newline newline  that s it ?  newline newline  that s right . oh look ! here it comes .  newline newline a moment later , i was walking up to the box . i grabbed the lever and started pulling . halfway down , i felt some resistance and looked over at the doctor , who nodded reassuringly . i put more force on the lever and , just like that , it went all the way down and the box was taken away for cleaning . newline newline  thank you , wade . now , if you ll just go back out to sandy , she ll give you some paperwork and you can be on your way .  newline newline ... newline newline  there you are , sam ! you moved the car !  newline newline  oh . yeah . sorry ,  he apologized , distractedly . newline newline  what s wrong ?  newline newline  dude ,  he paused to think before continuing ,  follow me .  newline newline we got out of the car and went around the building to the back . there were a row of garages and sam took me to one that was slightly open . we slipped inside and he led me to a trash receptacle in the corner .  how did you even end up in here ?  newline newline  i was wondering if there was a cigarette vending machine anywhere .  newline newline  ahh .  newline newline  yeah . and when i came back here before , this dumpster thing was kinda opened and i saw ...  newline newline he pulled out a box exactly like the one that had been in the room inside . newline newline  ... this .  newline newline newline he opened the box and inside , there was the horrifically crushed body of a newborn infant . despite the obvious damage , i could also see that this baby seemed to have been born with a few birth defects . nothing too severe , but enough to be physically noticeable . i turned and vomited next to a spot in the concrete floor right by the receptacle . there was another fresh pile of vomit right next to mine with the remains of sam s cucumber salad .the class listlessly moved through the halls of the smithsonian , perhaps 3 of the 20 students paying attention to the tour guide , much to their history teacher s chagrin . they sped through the exhibit of early 20th century american art and entered the hall of post great war europe . newline newline as the tour guide began her spiel , two of the class clowns began silently mocking her . probably equally as bored , yet annoyed all the same by his students  improper behavior , mr. peters shot the two boys a stare that would make any high school kid think twice . newline newline without missing a beat , the tour guide continued over the slight interruption . newline newline  and here you can see one of our finer pieces on loan from moscow , an original adolph hitler , painted in munich 1944 . it s called lunchtime in the city . clearly hitler focuses on the industrious workers going to and from work , and the setting and backdrop illustrate a thriving germany . this was painted only a few years after germany was incorporated into the soviet union , which of course brought it out of terrible poverty that the reparations from the great war caused ...  newline newline the class had seen this before , of course . the painting was synonymous with the communist movement in the 40s and 50s , a period incredibly boring to mr. peters  class and teens across the globe for its largely uneventful three decades . everyone loved learning about the great war in the beginning of the 20th century , and everyone was fascinated by the wars of containment between the us and ussr in the 70s , but the 1930s to 50s were decades of immense nothingness in the view of the average american 16 year old . newline newline the smithsonian tour guide continued her hagiography of hitler and endless praise of his magnum opus , when ruth raised her hand . mr. peters groaned inwardly  though his brightest student by far , ruth was always the thorn in any authority s side . newline newline  maam , i know this painting is universally beloved and praised for its promotion of peace and the greater good and all that  ruth said .  but i ca nt help but notice the subversive elements in the background . the factory workers back there hazing the orthodox jew . the banker in the dingy house over there counting money is clearly portrayed as a jewish stereotype .  newline newline the tour guide briefly looked to the painting and laughed ,  oh yes , good eye dear . scholars have noticed those images as well , but it s universally considered a practical joke . everyone knows jews did nt live in germany or the ussr in that era . there s hardly any record of any jews living in the soviet union at all , even today none live there . so really , it s a very clever joke hitler inserted into the background of his most popular work .  newline newline ruth looked perturbed , but sufficiently embarrassed she and the rest of the class followed the tour guide as she ushered them to the next work . mr. peters , relieved to not have a large quarrel between his best pupil and the reputable smithsonian chaperon , stayed back to examine the work at his own leisure . for the first time his focus was drawn to the orthodox jew painted in the deep background , blonde germans roughing him up in an alley . he saw the face of the boy in the painting , clutching his torah and prayer shawl , and was startled by the look hitler painted onto him . surely it was meant to depict evil  but the small face only showed fear . to mr. peters , the boy was more than scared though , and much more than depressed . it looked like he was resigned to be forgotten . newline newline  what a terrible fate  mr. peters said aloud . he turned and caught up with his class .i tilt my head at the frying pan . god damnit . i pick it up once again just to be safe . it buzzes again and the same message appears . son of a bitch . seriously ?  i reach out and try to pick up the blender . it buzzes as well as a message pops up claiming i did not have level 20 cooking to operate it . well , that settles the fact that it is not the frying pan malfunctioning . alright ... i ll figure out what happened to my points after i eat breakfast .  i reach for the juice squeezer . newline newline bzzz level 8 cooking required to use object .  newline newline alright ... let s work downwards from here . maybe the toaster ?  newline newline bzzz level five cooking required to use object .  newline newline that s ... something . okay . let s try simpler . simple bread with butter . i reach for the knife . newline newline bzzz level two cooking required to use object .  newline newline cereal ? come on the spoon is the absolute minimum anyone can newline newline bzzz level one cooking required to use object .  newline newline i practically kick down the door to the living room as i call tech support from my phone , my free hand idly scratching the subcutaneous microchip installed on the back of my head .  i do nt know what the hell is wrong with your service , but it is saying i ca nt even hold a fucking spoon !  it was kind of depressing and infuriating how apparently i had less cooking skills than a toddler right now . newline newline  please place your phone s reciever close to your microchip for diagnosis .  said the man on the other side of the line . i comply and count to ten before answering the phone again . newline newline  so ?  newline newline  a fault with the microchip . it currently lists your cooking skills at negative onetwentyseven .  newline newline my stomach is rumbling .  great . that s great . now can you fix it ?  newline newline  tech support will be arriving shortly ... estimate ... five hours . have a pleasant day .  newline newline i grit my teeth and hit my head against the wall three times , trying to think of a solution . at that level i could nt even open the fridge . i take a deep breath and consider my options before finally deciding which was the least humiliating one and making the phone call . newline newline  hey mom , hi . yeah , yeah , i m good . listen , this is going to sound really weird , but you know how you used to spoonfeed me when i was a little baby ? sharp scrapes could be heard coming from the kitchen as a mother and her daughter stuffed shells with ricotta cheese . the mother worked hastily , quickly scooping and distributing the cheese with practiced motions , and the child tried an imperfect imitation but was too distracted with her own airy questions that she knew would be met with irritation if asked . she did , however , disrupt the silence with a complaint . newline newline  mama , these shells are uneven !  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  the cheese , mama , they  re all filled different !  newline newline the mother continued her uneven stuffing uninterrupted , lips pursed in a scowl .  that  s the way it is , carina . some shells will have a little more cheese , and some will have a little less.  newline newline a sharp rap came at the outside door . the mother instructed her daughter to continue the work and kissed her on the forehead , and went to answer . outside stood an officer of the law , pants pressed and baton at his side . he handed the mother a note titled  notice of eviction.  she needed to have all of her things out of the house by 5 o clock that afternoon . the mother read the note , and stared severely at the officer , expectant of some further interaction . she erupted , newline newline  well ? ! do nt you have anything to say ? !  newline newline the officer cleared his throat .  you will be provided with a box to store your valuables.  newline newline the officer walked away , and behind him sat the little black box , about a foot high and two feet wide . the mother put in a locket , a journal , a few of her daughter  s drawings and her life  s savings , and made arrangements for her furniture to be stored at her sister  s place , and that was it . she and her daughter stood outside , cheese still stuck to her daughter  s fingers . newline newline  mama , where do we go now ?  newline newline the mother stared at the vagabond searching through trash on the other side of the street . as she stared , a black lamborghini turned the corner onto their street , bass thumping filling the atmosphere . she tried to peer into the window but saw only darkness . as it went on , it left her behind , daughter in one hand , black box in the other . newlineif all sins were produced in the dark , quiet times , what would one say of now ? newline newline i work , i rush , and i hesitate all in the cover of blackness . my drudgery left to itself . i continue to type melodic tunes away at my keyboard . the hope was said to have left , yet i feel slightly as fruitful than my last years . the ten to five has evolved into my own hours . i report frequently as my job is now more relevant than ever . in this age , humanity seems to have been stricken with a plaque that has a sure consistency . newline newline as i receive the call , i pack my laptop and look upon myself in the mirror before i head out . the time for show is now imminent . walking up the flight of stairs i see the person waiting at the top . i wonder if she will slit her wrist or maybe if she was grander , a noose would suffice for the job . my line s are flashing on the teleprompter , i m recanting those meaningless stories once again . the child who has been saved from a potential rapemurder , the school team who is beginning new initiatives for students , and the scientist who has a devout solution for the blackness . as i finish , i notice the fleeting smiles from the staff . newline what were they even smiling for ? newline newline i step out of the studio , and look towards the sky . no bliss and no warmth . the sun s grande facade taken aback , with not a glimmer of shine . i take out a cigarette and my matchbox . the spark and flame providing the only real light in the area . the damned uv street lamps paving every open surface of the sidewalk . people still walk as before , yet there seems to be something distant in the back of their minds . something unsettling to them , slowly beginning to propagate through me . newline newline my joy blog flashes with visitors . i sip coffee under the veranda , laughing for a second as i gaze up . my stories receiving more and more affirmations from the tropes of hopeless individuals . i do nt even bother with the pressing topics anymore . even the simplest horrors spark such terror in people as of now . newline newline i simply have to post a picture of a baby with a quip about how the mother struggled and persevered . just this simple story aids so well according to my boss . yet as i sit here , why do i feel nothing from these stories ? knowing that they are in fact so inaccurate that they almost compel me to wretch at my own writing . newline newline depression , with suicides soaring past previous peaks . this is what i would like to write about . how john , your barista , is most likely going to off himself at 12:01 because he feels helpless and lost with no guidance . how half of your inner circle will in some shape be placed into a mental institution or a bag in the crematorium . the rape statistics far exceeding the past 50 years , in the span of 10 . these are the issues of which the public should be informed , yet are so undelivered upon . newline newline i do know my place however . if these deceptions help out for the greater cause then they must be right . for as i sit at my desk and look out my window , to the landscape that once used to shimmer off those skyscrapers , i realize the schematic that propelled us to such vast heights . newline newline it was not the sunshine that illuminated our happiness . but the ability to see others and their own happiness . newline newline so as i find myself too often walking in the constant of grey , i do in fact miss that one thing . that one smile that more often than not would compel you with such an urge to lift your own lips . the authentic smile , on the little girl , just being out in the daytime , playing ever so carelessly . newline newline newline my beloved readers , i would like to bid you a sincere farewell . this last post will not include an uplifting snippet or a beautiful woman breaming with a smile . instead i leave you to the truth and to question if in fact , life is even worth living in this faux iridescent world . and whether or not you have the fortitude to continue on ... newline as i have found that i do not . newline newline forever gracious , newline flynn .there simply was nt enough of us . newline newline i know , i know  in a perfect , idyllic , world , everybody would pass their diseases onto the old , the elderly , the frail  those who would not live long either way . newline newline the problem is , anybody can fall ill. from congenital diseases to stds to adolescentonset disorders , all ages and all walks of life are susceptible . a lot of diseases plague this earth , some fatal , some not . newline newline however , there are only so many septuagenarians . and not all of us are so quick to volunteer . newline newline i hoped that i would not live to see this day . but i am old , and i have seen far more things that i wish i had not . newline newline i have seen a selfish man s huntington s disease passed to his child . he guilted his son into saying yes with his horrible reasoning . after all , he had said , his son had a fifty percent chance of contracting it anyways , and this way , at least one of them would survive . newline newline i have seen a mother take on her child s cystic fibrosis . after she passed away , her husband committed suicide and the child is now in an orphanage . newline newline and now , i have seen the passing of the new law .  individuals who have committed felonies are now eligible subjects for medical disease transfer treatment .  newline newline why is this so terrible , you may ask ? newline newline because this is only the beginning . newline newline in a few years , individuals who are a drain on society will be eligible for medical disease transfer treatment . in a few years , individuals who are suffering from mental disabilities will be eligible for medical disease transfer treatment . in a few years , people who take too much government assistance will be eligible for medical disease transfer treatment . newline newline it will never end . newline newline and so , i have elected to receive a disease from somebody  a total stranger  for completely selfish reasons . earlyonset dementia . by the end of this month , i will have forgotten everything about this terrible world that we live in . newlinethe ship had found its destination , earth . as they drew nearer , the crew members of the ship stopped cheering . the hugging and celebrating had all but died down . the captain , holding a picture of a green and blue planet , let a tear fall down his face . newline newline  my ... god .  the captain rasped out . in front of them was a beaten , ashen grey planet . the coordinates did not lie . they were found by reverse engineering and many months of painstaking hacking of the first generation ship s internal hardware . the captain could see now why there ancestors did not want them to find this place . newline newline a pilot broke the silence ,  captain ... your orders sir ?  newline newline taking an extra moment the captain breathed in .  follow protocol , treat planet as hostile and send a ground crew . oh ... and you and i ll will join them , pilot .  the young pilot nodded and dispatched himself to ready the order . newline newline on the surface after the crew has landed .  newline newline the small team wore body tight suits and form fitting helmets . their advanced technology allowed for them to make thin fabrics tougher than steel . as they explored , reports of radioactivity and no signs of life  were continuous throughout there expedition . the captain held his helmeted head in his hands and whispered ,  what happened to this place .  newline newline just as the captain was about to call off the mission , the young pilot shouted through the comms .  captain ! captain ! come quick there is something you must see .  rushing towards the pilot s coordinates , the captain came upon a run down bunker . entering through the dust covered doorway the captain could see the pilot sitting in front of something . newline newline  what is that in front of you , boy . what is it you wanted to show me .  the captain asked . newline newline the young boy slowly turned , an ancient computer in front of him .  captain ... it was us . our ancestors ... they ... they ...  the captain pushed past the stammering pilot and brought the computer screen into a full view . newline newline on it was a document , scorched earth  it read . the captain read it , horrified with the information he was absorbing . at the end of the document was a small animation . newline newline winged arachnids , everywhere . screaming people flashed next . followed by countless nuclear bombs being launched ... and falling back down . the generation ship , a speech bubble above it and a flaming earth in the distance . in the speech bubble the words ,  nope .  flashed continuously . the animation reset . newline newline the captain placed the monitor down ,  come , young pilot . this place is one lost to the horrors of nature .  newline newline  newline newline i hope you liked it , if you could nt tell ... i do nt like spiders ! rtheyogibearhawritesi saw my first dead body when i was just twelve years old . newline newline every summer , my parents would send me to my homeland of china to visit relatives . these visits became less and less frequent as i grew older , but they would continue to insist that i go regardless of my age . family should stick together  , my mother said to me , when i asked for the purpose of these lengthy and faraway trips . it was not so bad . of course , none of my relatives had anything interesting to say . they would ask about my studies and gawk at how tall i was or how i had grown . the conversations with my uncles and aunts were mostly onesided . newline newline what made the visits bearable was china herself . i had grown up in suburban america and the chinese countryside was remarkable to me in how different it was . all of the little houses that looked so similar yet not , the nearby city that was so crowded and lively , even the smell of manure drafting through my closed window in the morning . it was all very exciting for twelve year old me . my wanderlust would fade as i matured and settled into a mundane office job where i was more concerned with paying bills then with exploring exotic faraway countries , but for those few years in my childhood , i was captivated . newline newline i would spend many mornings just taking a walk around town , listening in on other people s conversations and trying to expand my infantile understanding of the mandarin language by making small talk with street vendors . there was a forest near to where i lived , one that grew around a hill , with little dirt roads leading from the town into the forest and up the hill . this was where i saw the corpse . newline newline there was one part of the forest that was quieter than the other parts . it was not the peaceful , serene silence broken periodically by the chirping of birds or the barking of a wild dog . the lack of sound was eerie and pervasive . i m not sure whether it s because the ground in other places was too marshy and difficult to dig in or maybe it was the expense in interring your dead in the local graveyards , but this part of the forest was where they kept the graves . dozens of them . newline newline it was my grandfather who told me about the place . he was a solemn and brooding old man who did not speak much . he noticed me meandering through the forest one morning and direct me down a crooked dirt path that wound down the hill . it was only wide enough for one person , a path that seemed to be formed from thousands of feet stomping the ground down over the course of years with stone steps added in as an afterthought . he lead me down the path , telling me to keep watch for the jagged rocks and gnarled roots that were liable to trip you , and pointed to one of the graves . that was where his wife , my grandmother , was buried . typhoid fever , apparantly . newline newline i usually kept away from the makeshift graveyard , the atmosphere was unsettling . occasionally my curiosity would win over my fear and i would hazard a brief visit . sometimes there were new freshly dug graves , but i had never seen anyone else visiting . no mourners or widows dragging along their kids to visit one of the departed . newline newline often , i would just sit there , draped in the light of the rising sun as it shone through the thick foliage , making peculiar patterns on the ground as it pierced the canopy . nothing but the silence and the tress and their leaves and branches swaying in the light breeze . and the stone markers that indicated where the dead bodies laid . those stone markers were nameless , despite being well cared for . sometimes i would see paper lanterns , just hanging on the branches or laid on top the graves . i did not see who lit them . newline newline i m rambling , are nt i ? you want to hear about the corpse . the one that was nt buried . he had soft , pallid eyes with a thin angular face . he was gaunt and pale , thought that might ve just been a sideeffect of dying . the dead man wore thin , patchy clothing and baggy jeans with a ragged , threadbare green jacket . his neck was bent at a unnatural angle . he swayed with the paper lanterns and the leaves when the wind blew on him , his body being carried by the rope that tied his neck to the tree branch . newline newline he hovered over the graves , like an angry apparition . newline newline if i was a good storyteller , i would tell you more about him . i would tell you his name , tain hsing , who lived in a one room apartment with a leaky roof and unbearable neighbors and worked on a factory line making ice cone machines . tain hsing , who owned a fat , fluffball of a cat that he adopted as a stray when he found it , skulking under an empty oil barrel . a man who would tell the most outrageous stories when drunk . his friends would laugh with him , even as they waved away his absurd fantasies . i would tell you the story of a man who was well loved despite his great many faults . newline newline i would tell you the story of how his wife fell to a disease that could not be cured on the wage of a factory worker , no matter how hard he tried . tain hsing wept even when his wife forgave him . in fact , she never blamed him in the first place . she continued to love him untill her last dying breath . tain hsing became inconsolable after she left . he dug a grave in the forest , being too poor and indebted from all those treatments to afford a spot in the local graveyard or a proper casket . then he hang himself , not five feet above where the body of his dead wife laid . newline newline i want to tell you that this man was well loved , that someone out there would miss him . i ca nt , because i do nt know . this man died with a whisper . no one came to claim his body . he did nt show up in the newspaper . there was no evidence to prove that anyone ever loved him . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline we ... have our orders .  newline newline  we re scientists . theyre scientists . it s wrong to kill them . besides , they re stronger than we are , and there s no way we can afford to kill them besides strangulation . ever wonder how blood reacts in no gravity environments when you stab a man in the back ?  newline newline the two astronauts stared out the window as another nuke went off . poor chicago . newline newline   newline newline  we could kill them . quickly . take a belt , wrap it around the neck , no mess ...  the cosmonaut made a jerking movement with his hand .  easy .  newline newline  but then what ? they are our fellow scientists . we could not run the station for long without them . and they are our friends . it is better to do nothing .  newline newline the two cosmonauts stared out the window as another nuke went off . would that that was finland , and not st. petersburg . newline newline   newline newline they met in the center module , all six of them . three american , three russian . henderson was asleep , the lucky bastard . he had nt yet seen the carnage . newline newline they stared at one another for a few moments , before yuri turned to the window .  look .  newline newline a massive shape loomed at them from space .  that thing appeared 5 hours ago , and has just been sitting there ever since .  newline newline  not just sitting . it launched something at denver just 20 minutes ago , and now look .  newline newline denver was burning in dark , purplish smoke . newline newline  look !  another pod shot out from the alien structure , this time hitting sydney . in minutes smoke covered everything . newline newline  an alien invasion during nuclear war . brilliant .  newline newline  missiles .  newline newline henderson was awake , his speech somehow not slurred with sleep as usual .  columbus laboratory . yours ,  he said , addressing the russians ,  are in rassevet . i overwrote both of our access codes . make all preparations and i ll be over in a minute to reenable them .  newline newline  henderson !  newline newline  you realize i m the only one among us who has a military background ? our government is disgusting from the ground up . only up here , from space , are we free from contamination . notice how the nukes have stopped ? they just noticed what s up happening . but they do nt have anything capable of reaching that mothership this far in orbit , and they ca nt tell us what to do since orlando was nuked .  newline newline  so we re going to nuke it .  newline newline  right .  newline newline  save the world ?  newline newline  maybe then they ll give nasa the funding we ve needed .  henderson laughed .  there . 10 minutes to launch .  newline newline   newline newline  launch bays are open .  newline newline  targeting systems are acquired . coordinates received and transmitted .  newline newline  we re clear to launch .  newline newline  tminus 5 .  newline newline  4 .  newline newline  3 .  newline newline  2 .  newline newline  1 .  newline newline  ignition .  nonfiction  i sketched and sketched  erasing , repeating , erasing , repeating . for some reason i just could nt get it right . and , at this point i was nt sure i still cared . but i wanted to get better , be a better artist , and this game , i told myself , would help . my screen lit up . it was my turn again . time to see if my drawing was any good this go round . i watched as the video replayed , imagining what must ve been going through the other guys mind as he saw each brush stroke on the screen . did he see the big picture as i did , should i have done it faster ? why did nt anyone else take this game as serious as i did ? no longer would i make these ugly finger drawn shits . it was at that point i realized that if i wanted to get better at drawsomething , every pixel had to count . i had to focus . i had to cheat . so i bought a stylus , googled the phrases , studied the pictures , and did my best to create the most accurate replica i could make . and oh what a difference i could make . what s this ?  you ask , taken aback . you re already put off by the appearance of what you think is an angel . but you re an atheist . getting handed a rather heavy book only puts a weird cherry on top of a weird cake . your hospital room looks the same as it always did these past few months . only a tall , winged person is standing in it . newline newline  it s a book that contains every lie told to you , and lies that will be told , until your dying breath .  his ... her ... its voice is kind of smug . as if you should have known the answer . now you re annoyed . newline newline  white lies ?  newline newline  yes . that counts as a lie .  you should have realized that . newline newline  what about if someone meant it once and then later changed their mind . i ve done that . i hated my wife s cooking but i told her i liked it . then i realized i did like it .  you re running through countless scenarios . newline newline  at the time , you knew it to be a lie , so it would be in the book .  newline newline  uh , sir , miss ... chief . if i read that lie , i would think it was still a lie , right ?  newline newline  ... how often do you lie about cooking ? look , daniel , it does nt matter . every sentence in that book is a lie . if it became true later , it does not retroactively cancel out the lie .  you can see it s getting annoyed . your sense of superiority grows a little . newline newline  there s no really telling what the lie really meant though , right ?  newline newline  a lie is a lie .  it seems intrigued now , if still quite nonplussed . newline newline  well , no . if i read in here that amanda lied when she said i was good in bed , could that theoretically mean she meant i was actually great in bed ?  newline newline  i ... well , i suppose . a small lie , big lie , and halftruth are all under the umbrellas of lies .  newline newline  so everything in here might just be a half truth , or even spur of the moment lie . how am i supposed to learn anything from this ?  you re grinning . you ve got it trapped now . it  the angel thing  shakes its head . newline newline  you re supposed to learn the truths of your life , good and bad .  newline newline  but i m not . i m learning what was lie , not what the truth was . i can say it s cold out , and be lying , but that does nt say what the actual truth was .  you were just being coy before , but now you re angry that some divine being would put this paradox on you . newline newline  you were always argumentative . there s a lot of lies regarding that in there .  it realized its mistake before the sentence finished . it s quite a sight , to see an angel look regretful . newline newline  you read them ? that s personal !  it takes a lot of personal strength not to laugh . you re enjoying the upper hand . you already assumed something divine would know what was in the book . could it read your mind now , you wonder ?  newline newline  look , i  newline newline  were you told not to peek ? you know , my human mailman had enough will power not to open my mail . yet archangel peekyboo over here snoops through my lie book .  newline newline  i m sorry . i was nt expressly told not to , if that helps .  well , you ve done it . you embarrassed an angel . nice going . newline newline  i was nt expressly told not to snoop through my grandmother s underwear drawer . but i did nt do that , did i ?  newline newline  i m sorry , daniel .  newline newline a grin spreads across your face . you open the book and start looking at dates at the top of the page . you flip to the end . the look of confusion does nt leave the angel s face . you find today s date . newline newline  aha !  you show the page , your finger sternly on the second line . in a beautifully written script you show the angel their apology on the page ,  you lied ! are you allowed to lie ? is nt that a sin ? why even apologize if you do nt mean it ?  newline newline  i m going to go now . just remember  everything in the book is a lie . goodbye daniel . see you shortly .  newline newline you try to ask how shortly is shortly , but the angel vanishes . not that it matters . you re less than a generous two weeks from death . newline newline  newline newline you decide to open the book from the beginning . there are lies you do nt remember , lies told to you as an infant , as a toddler , as a child . newline newline you re the most beautiful baby in the world .  well , duh , not every baby is precious . you ve seen your baby pictures . you were weird looking . newline newline you re the smartest kid in the whole class .  why the fuck did you even believe that at 8 years old . suzy was on the honor roll . newline newline you skip ahead a little in time , to high school . a lot of the lies earlier came from your parents and nothing was truly outrageous . although you re a little sad your mother lied about loving the handmade lamp from grade three . jesus mom . what did you expect ? newline newline you re bigger than alex napier well , you could have been the same size . that would have made it a lie right ? anyway , you appreciate kim making you feel better . you re pretty sure your lie about the acne not being obvious will be in her book , anyway . newline newline  newline newline four days later , you re coming to the end of the book . you feel pretty exhausted . there were many sobering moments . your wife cheated on you . but you never fully believed her . there were two loves who got away . it s funny . the i do nt love you from the two women you truly loved before your wife hurt more than the i love yous that started appearing from your wife near the end of her life . newline newline you know i m not gay right .  yeah mike , and we re both straight as an arrow but bent into a pretzel for the fun of it . that s okay , your me neither will be in his book too . and , sadly , so will your once was enough .  you did kind of like mike . newline newline flipping through the pages , you realize nothing really jumps out . there are no revelations . a lot of people did nt like you . well , you did nt like them either . you were nt a hero to your kids . well , no fucking shit . you were a drunk . newline newline a smile crosses your lips . you go to a date , four days ago . you find the i m sorry from the angel . you read the entry after that , and double take . on the same day , at roughly the same time , there s two more entries . newline newline everything in the book is a lie .  newline newline and newline newline see you shortlyi woke up gasping . my wife was in the shower already . six minutes past seven am , friday , june sixth . newline newline i left the room and made some coffee . my daughter came into the kitchen while carrying an animated conversation with someone on her cellphone . she ignored me as she put pop tarts in the toaster . i left for work without being acknowledged . newline newline when i entered the workplace , people looked at me funny . the boss called me up to his office and fired me . said it was because while i was a hard worker and loyal to the company , when it came to the choice between myself and my brother , who also worked there , they chose to stay with him . newline newline i went to the bar to drink . my brother joined me after a couple of hours , and left after one more . i returned home late , and told my wife . she frowned at me but said that we ll figure something out , and left to visit a friend . my daughter was locked in her room . i went into the shower and started scrubbing myself . newline newline of course , i slipped , and felt my head hitting the wall . the world went black . newline newline   newline i woke up gasping . my wife was in the shower already . six minutes past seven am , friday , june sixth . newline newline i left the room and made some coffee . it was a brand i disliked , but my wife loved it . my daughter came into the kitchen while being rude to someone on her cellphone . she ignored me as she put pop tarts in the toaster . i left for work unacknowledged . newline newline when i entered the workplace , people looked at me and whispered among themselves . the boss called me up to his office and fired me . said it was because while i was a hard worker and loyal to the company , i m just not a team player and when it came to the choice between myself and my brother , they chose him . newline newline i went to the bar to drink . my brother called me after a couple of hours , and told me he ll be there for me . i returned home somewhat tipsy , and told the wife . she scowled at me , as our expenses had been piling up the past couple of years , and left to visit a friend . my daughter was locked in her room with music blaring there . i went into the shower and started masturbating , as it was the only action i ve been getting for the past couple of weeks . newline newline of course , i slipped , and felt my head hitting the wall . the world went black . newline newline   newline i woke up gasping . my wife was in the shower already . six minutes past seven am , friday , june sixth . newline newline i left the room and made some coffee . it was a brand i hated , but my wife insisted on it . my daughter came into the kitchen shouting obscenities at someone on her cellphone . she carefully bypassed me as she put pop tarts in the toaster . i left for work ignored . newline newline when i entered the workplace , people looked at me and pointed . the boss called me up to his office and fired me . said it was because while i was a hard worker and loyal to the company , i m antisocial and when it came to the choice between myself and the others on the team , i was the odd man out . newline newline i went to the bar to drink . my brother called me after a couple of hours , and told me that it s just tough luck . i got home drunk , and told the wife . she glared at me , as money has been tight in recent years , and went out . my daughter was locked in her room with the smell of pot wafting from it . i went into the shower and started masturbating , as it was the only action i ve been getting for a while . newline newline of course , i slipped , and felt my head hitting the wall . the world went black . newline newline   newline i woke up gasping . my wife was in the shower already . six minutes past seven am , friday , june sixth . newline newline i left the room and made some coffee . it was an acrid brew that the wife kept buying . my daughter came into the kitchen with a cigarette in hand and with a couple of new piercings on her face . she pushed by me as she put pop tarts in the toaster . i left for work with nothing more than glares . newline newline when i entered the workplace , people looked at me and stifled laughs . the boss called me up to his office and fired me . said it was because while i was loyal to the company , i m antisocial and my performance had been stagnating , so it was nt a choice as to who to kick out . newline newline i went to the bar to drink . my brother called me after a couple of hours , and mumbled something . i got home wasted , and told the wife . she looked at me with disgust , as she was used to spending a lot of money , and left . there were noises from my daughter s room . she was there fucking her twentytwo year old boyfriend with a huge rap sheet with the door opened . she looked at me as i passed and smiled . i went into the shower and started masturbating , as it was the only action i ve been getting for months . newline newline of course , i slipped , and felt my head hitting the wall . the world went black . newline newline   newline i woke up gasping . my wife was in the shower already . sixty six minutes past six am , friday , june sixth . newline newline i left the room and made some coffee only to find we were out of it again . my daughter came into the kitchen with a couple of new piercings on her face and a matching black eye . she shoved me aside in order to get a beer from the fridge . at least i felt some scorn from my family . newline newline when i entered the workplace , people looked at me and laughed . my brother called me up to his office and fired me . said it was because i m antisocial and people just do nt like me , and he finally did nt need any excuse to lay me off . newline newline i went to the bar to drink . i got home wasted , knowing my wife was out there fucking someone else . as i passed next to my daughter s room , she looked at me with dead eyes as her math teacher was fucking her . i went into the shower and slumped to the ground . newline newline of course , i slipped , and felt my head hitting the wall . the world went black . newline newline   newline i woke up gasping . my wife was in the shower already . sixty six minutes past six am , friday , june sixth . newline newline it feels like i ve been living this day for years . newline newline the world is hell sometimes . no really , please keep your hopes and dreams inside the vehicle at all times ,  said the wildlife guide , bringing the caged hovercraft to a slow halt with a motion of his wrist .  laugh all you want at that twist of the phrase , but we re on a safari here . like any other safari , the fauna can be deadly . last week we had two souls sucked out  it was nt pretty at all .  newline newline the guide shrugged off the thought . he had seen said soulsucking too many times to still be unnerved by it . sure , the sight of bloodred eyes dissolving in a person s skull was definitely a pantsshitter to the uninitiated , and the elated voice of the victim even after were years of therapy in itself , but the guide had seen both more times than he could remember . newline newline  ladies , gentlemen , and squids : the dreamcaterpillars of certarix alpha are what you ve all been waiting to see . and you do nt need to bet that they ve been waiting to see you . your innermost desires look like a tasty meal right now  look at them come !  he announced with barelyrealized enthusiasm . newline newline up from the bog crawled the red and prickly caterpillars , climbing onto the wings of the hovercraft all the way to the electrified viewingcage . the bugs made a soft humming noise not suggestive of their demonic appearances . it marked the beginning of the hunt . newline newline  they re looking through your thoughts as we speak , picking out the most succulent hopes , dreams , and ambitions . once they find a decent audiovisual representation of your greatest desire , they will turn it into a spectre right before your eyes . enjoy it as much as you like , but do nt let it move . you used the mental simulator earlier : you know how to handle this . if that spectre makes it out of the cage , your consciousness is toast and mr. caterpillar s lunch .  newline newline the safari guide sighed as he carefully watched the twenty passengers begin wandering around the circular cage , mostly oblivious to each other and the bugs outside . instead , they partook in their own little fantasies with their spectres . some cried , hugging the invisible air that was their longdead father or mother . some started stripping off their clothes in order for a little romance with that unreachable celebrity . some gave empowering speeches to their hallucinated empires . all of them were euphoric , and would never be able to describe the experience properly with mere words once the tour was over . newline newline it looked ridiculous , but this business brought millions of customers to the planet every year , and the craze showed no sign of slowing down , despite the wellpublicized risks . the caterpillars thrived on the tourism  the longlived parasitic creatures had hunted all other sentient life to extinction long ago . the meagre survival instincts of the other wildlife had only been a trickling drop in the bucket compared to a fullyselfaware mind . newline newline the guide had never seen a spectre , nor was he likely to . this job required constant exposure to the caterpillars , and the only sure protection from their hungry temptations was a completely unambitious soul . the wages never changed , and the contract was practically signing oneself into slavery . on top of that , all safari guides were dosed with certain inhibiting drugs that kept their minds from wandering too far . the spectres required a conscious desire , and could easily prompt one with their melodic humming if not for the drugs . newline newline an elderly lady , holding hands with the unseen spectre beside her , walked towards the edge of the cage . the guide did nothing  he knew already this where this was going . there was nothing contractually that forced him to intervene . the customers had all signed waivers thicker than an old bible , and some , especially the aged , came on the safari for this very purpose . whatever drugs the guide s superiors had given him lent him more than enough apathy to let things be . newline newline the lady keeled over with empty eyes , murmuring to whatever face had been conjured for her . the guide felt a little sick inside for the first time in a while . perhaps the drugs were a little weaker today ? he hoped not . the last time this had happened guilt had nearly crippled him . it was easier to watch a 150 yearold with shaking , frail legs give in to the void than it was a 20something with scars on their wrists . many , far too many came here to die . sometimes an entire group departed the quicker way , leaving a lonely drive back to base . newline newline the guide watched anothera middleaged businessmandrop hollow near the bars . a greater knot tied in the guide s throat . something was very wrong . it usually took at least a couple minutes for even the decided ones to start giving in . now nearly everyone was moving outward too fast . this would be another empty ride home . newline newline then the guide s eyes darted to a stranger anomaly : a man pulling a canister from the inside of his jacket . this man was not interacting with a spectre  he had other plans . newline newline  freeze !  said the guide , drawing and training his sidearm on the mysterious customer .  how did you get that on here ?  newline newline the man raised his arms with the canister still held .  look , buddy , this is nt a weapon . not against us , anyway .  newline newline  what do you mean ?  newline newline  it s a biovirus . it ll kill these demons that prey on our souls .  newline newline  drop it . i ca nt let you do that .  newline newline  ca nt you ? i do nt imagine that you re happy with all this . not the real you . the one underneath all those mentalinhibitors they re pumping into you . do nt you want this all to end ?  the man stared into the guides eyes with determination and zeal .  i can end it .  newline newline the guide shuddered . the words were truth . he hated this job . he forgot , day after day , what it felt like to care about the lives that ended under his watch . he hated that fortunes were made off this and that he had been complicit for a decent price . he hated those damn bugs for even existing . newline newline the gun lowered .  do it ,  said the guide , with a strange giddiness . for the first time in his life , he felt like his life would accomplish something . something would matter . newline newline the man , without hesitation , walked to the edge , stuck his biovirus through the bars , and ... newline newline ... vanished . but the guide already knew that he would . everything else disappeared from view , too , slowly melting away into darkness . newline newline  thank you , mysterious terrorist ,  said the guide , grinning from ear to ear with ecstasy , as the sound of vibrant humming drowned out all other sensation .their worn and tired faces sagged off the bone of their skulls like so many waddles of fat off of a marbled chop . greatcloaks dyed black by soot and smoke clung to their withered forms . they held aloft overbearing umbrellas not to ward off wetness but so as to obscure the fact of their existence . they were dying . newline newline the work in the factory was grim . wake up at six . get dressed and walk to work at ten past . feed the furnace corpses for six hours . those workers who were hurt were also to be feed to its roaring , fiery maw . eat for ten minutes before listening to a speech from those upstairs , the furnace masters . they could rest then as they watched the huge , dirty vid screen that plastered the far wall of the mess hall . praise the furnace masters ! the furnace masters love their children ! a whole wealth of other laudatory bullshit . they would wonder what the furnace masters did upstairs . what was the point of all their burning ? no smoke ever rose from the top of the factory tower so it must be going somewhere . but they did nt speak of such things . those who talked were thrown into the furnace . newline newline after this rest they worked another eight hours before the furnace s mouth shut its steel lips and they trudged out of the factory into the drizzle . the burns and heat of their bodies were at contrast with the cool rain . before long those walking would be collapsing into hard beds , flat things of straw and linen on the floor of their uniform six by six cubit apartments . newline newline they did nt dare run . those who tried to escape , who tried to rebel . those who were late to work or disturbed other workers . they always ended up in the furnace the following day . burning . newline newline working and dying . working and dying . working and dying . they were not people they were ants , living for their superiors . superiors who used them as tools for a means . even the ant queen would care for her workers . they were less than ants . working and dying . working and dying . working and dying . newline newline so they trudged on cobbled roads turned flat by their daily commute . they trudged in rain , in snow and in hail . they trudged as their comrades fell . they kept walking . bad things happened to those who stopped walking . those who broke the cycle . the rain gave them little comfort as it soaked into their heavy coats . bones began to ache . people began to fall . they kept walking . newline newline bad things happened to those who stopped walking . newlinei guess i m a traitor , if you think about it . i spent the past few days talking to this nice fellow from the bank , and now i m about to repay him by using his passcodes to disable the alarm , so we can sneak in and empty the vault . i finish picking the lock , step into the lobby and make a beeline for the alarm panel . i key in the code , then motion for the rest of the crew to move in . i stay at the front entrance as a lookout as my teammates set up their tools and start working on the vault . it ll probably take an hour to crack it , but with the alarm turned off we re not really in a hurry . nobody knows we re here . newline newline then i see the police cars pull into the parking lot , red and blue lights flashing . we re not getting away that easily ... newline ramirez , load up the external camera s feed .  newline newline johnson s nerves were a mix of excitement and terror . here they were , orbiting around the earth in outer space , and something was knocking . and speaking english . was it malevolent ? it was trying to impersonate a crew member . newline newline oh god , had they discovered alien life ? please let it be aliens . johnson had dreamed of little else since his infant years . first contact.. newline newline ramirez screamed in horror , jerking him out of his thoughts . newline newline  what is it ?  newline newline ramirez was trembling . he looked ready to be sick . he shook his head and shakily pointed at the monitor . newline newline rapping steadily at the hatch was a human man in a suit , floating nonchalantly , looking as if he d just left a business meeting . newline newline the speaker crackled . newline newline  gentlemen , do you have a moment to speak about our lord and saviour jesus christ ? around 4000 bc , the world saw the emergence of numerous civilizations  the babylonians , egyptians , romans and greeks all began to surface in their fetal forms . the roman empire would be lead through the next 6050 years of recorded time by the mysterious leader known as pretzel master  there is no record to indicate why he would have been given such a ridiculous name . newline newline through numerous battles catalyzed by an accidental attack upon the babylonians while trying to come to terms on a primitive trade agreement , the romans would gradually expand their empire as their enemy slowly crumbled . though more culturally advanced and far more economically prosperous , they would be unable to match the rabidlymilitaristic romans , who spent virtually all of the research time and money into the creation of the world s largest army . it was a risky move that soon saw their economy begin to falter in enormous busts . newline newline up until roughly 1990 , the romans waged a constant war of expansion , forcibly seeking the seemingly genocidal annihilation of even those civilizations that had never before caused it any arm . indeed , even those that were ostensibly quite friendly were subject to onandoff war , seemingly at the whim of the strange and apparently nearsited godemperor . consequently , it was not until the 1990 s , somehow , that the romans , now a fairly strong nation , ultimately were at peace long enough for any real cultural progress to be made . newline newline a young priest thought it a big deal to postulate the existence of a single and all powerful god . the rest of the world , although territorially reduced , laughed at their gentle giant of a neighboring state . although , they did wish it was gentle , and not so prone to fits of rage and war . it was during the same period that the nation would finally transition from a feudal government to a democracy . this violent transition would entail several years of violent instability that would seriously wound the roman economy as well as further cultural development , which became pointedly slow yet again as the nation began to prepare itself for war . newline newline by now , the rest of the world s civilizations knew what to expect , and with none having anything but distrust and anger in their hearts for the romans and their violent whims , formed a massive military coalition . with their superior cultures , more enlightened social programs and bustling economies , they figured that they would be able to defeat the romans and beat them into submission , ending their days as the world s bad boy  state . newline newline this turned out to be a foolish assumption . in 2006 , three years into the inevitable war , the romans had a breakthrough . all of their insanely dogmatic warmongering had paid off and they achieved the pinnacle of their development : the populace of rome bowed to their new god , the icbm . in a flurry of activity in a doordie rush , rome built dozens of these staggering demigods and launched them with abandon at the neighboring polities . newline newline the world to this day is irradiated and large swaths of land are totally uninhabitable . they will most likely remain so for several millenniums . the romans do not care though , as they have achieved a domination of the world s  albeit severely damaged  surface  a staggering 89  . the author of this textbook is now currently on trial in the capital of rome , having been captured by roman secret agents in his home town in the only other remaining polity , egypt . the charge ? revisionist history .player 2 has joined newline newline confirm ? yesno newline newline  aww ... damn .  sophie lowered her face into her palms . newline newline i could quite honestly say that this was not how i saw the night going . newline newline newline it had started off well enough . we had been dating for several years , and i knew that sophie was the one for me . her smile , her laugh , her attitude towards life  whenever i saw her , the world just seemed to be the slightest bit brighter . newline the grand plans for a romantic proposal had been in my head almost from year one , but it took until now for me to work up the nerve and get everything to fall in place . newline newline and my girlfriend was crying because of my proposal . newline  shit ! ah , sophie , are you ok ?  the ring was placed on the ground as i cautiously ascended and placed a hand on sophie s shoulder . thoughts of the weird floating text box were temporarily pushed aside as i tried to figure out what was wrong . the idea that my proposal had been rejected coiled like an ugly snake at the bottom of my gut , but that too was repressed for the moment . newline newline  sophie ...  i started . she just stood there , slightly shaking . i could feel a lump growing in my throat . newline  iis it a  no ?  honey ? god , i did nt mean to upset you .  newline newline all of a sudden , sophie sprung back to life . her face came out of her palms as if she had just been told a litter of puppies was being born in the park . i could see the tearstains on her cheeks . newline  wwhat ! no ! oh god , uh , no ! it s not a proposal ! refusal ! not a refusal !  newline as she waved her hands frantically , i felt the coil of dread dissolve and disappear . i hugged her . newline  es , yes yes !  she hugged me back , cutting off my breath for a couple seconds . newline newline as we pulled away from each other , she looked into my eyes . newline  i love you .  newline newline the world was back under my feet again , and the acceptance gave me a rush of excitement that temporarily pushed every other problem away . i was engaged ! newline newline then the floating popup box appeared again . newline newline player 2 has joined newline newline confirm ? yesno newline newline newline all of a sudden , she just looked so tired . the wise and confident character who i was so used to just seemed to deflate . newline newline  are you ... alright ?  i asked .  where did that thing come from ?  newline newline her eyes , brimming with indescribable emotion , met mine yet again , as she grasped my hand in hers . newline newline  this world is just a game , and i was the only player ,  she told me . newline i wanted to say she was crazy , but the words never made it out of my throat . her eyes were tearing up like a dam had broken , and it struck me with how she had never been wrong . newline ever . newline newline she moved closer , placing her hands on my shoulders and maintaining eye contact . if i squinted , i could see faint stresslines in places hardly normal for a young adult . newline  all this time ,  she continues ,  i thought i was aiming for the perfect ending , with you . i wanted to stop and be normal .  newline newline she embraces me and whispers into my ear . all i can do is embrace her back . her whisper is choked by small sobs . newline  i went through a lot of pain to get here , and i m sorry , but i think i ve dragged you into it too .  newline newline i could feel her crying on me , overwhelmed by emotions . i was feeling pretty overwhelmed myself  it was quite a lot to take in . newline newline i looked down at my fianc , who was quietly weeping into my shirt , and i knew what i had to do . newline newline i pressed the button .perhaps it was gravy . newline newline john s hands were submerged in the hot soapy water , scrubbing bits of food from a plate . but his attention was elsewhere  a plate that sat neatly on the drying rack to his right . newline newline maybe it was ketchup . it could have dried and gotten darker . newline newline the dish had a spot on it . a small , dark , crusty spot . it stared down at him from its perch , taunting him . teasing him . testing him . newline newline it could have been some sort of spice . pepper ? newline newline hundreds of thousands of plates had passed through john s hands . every one was made to look brand new , and returned to the devil himself . john had never returned a soiled dish . he was nt sure what would happen if he did . newline newline maybe it s blood . what does satan even eat ? newline newline john considered retrieving the plate , inspecting it more closely . and cleaning it , of course . but then he had a thought : what if he just let it pass ? there s not much he could do from his position  his legs were one with the floor , so there was no escape . but knowing that he could pass a bit of old food along to the ruler of hell  to provide him with that feeling of disgust that comes along with finding something in your food that did nt belong . newline newline it could easily be burnt rice . newline newline what would be the consequences , though ? this hell of his was eternally unpleasant , but john had grown content in his own way . would satan notice something like this ? would he worsen his punishment ? the risks seemed great ... but it would be so easy to just ... let it go . he could always say he did nt see it . newline newline entirely possible that it s just a stain . newline newline john reached out and grabbed the plate , and submerged it in the water . a quick wipe of the sponge cleared the dish of its mystery spot , and he returned it to its spot on the rack . newline newline maybe next time . newline newline newline newlineit s sick , no doubt about it , but man does this job pay good money . every day i go to the factory and go from machine to machine watching the meters fill up from the pain my employees are experiencing . from emotional pain of being denied and reexperiencing traumatic times in their past to physical pain of broken bones , bleeding out , and dying a slow painful death . every morning i kiss my wife goodbye , ruffle my son s hair , and walk out the door wearing my finest suit and tie . my family does nt know i work here , and it s better that way . this job is brutal and something i can only hope no one will find out about . my test subjects are everyone from orphaned minors to illegal immigrants , all looking for a way to make a quick buck . some employees are even those dying with incurable sickness , hoping that they can end the suffering faster with temporary pain as well as leave a lump sum of money behind for their beneficiaries . we pay top notch amounts , from  200 for quick sessions of pain to  5000 for those that cause death . selling out our energy to companies that are in compliance with our way of business can make us at least  25k a day . needless to say , our business is nt going anywhere . you may think it s inhumane , but i m not the one whose making a living out of being in pain for money . mr. president , here are the files you requested .  newline newline newline  is everything here stevens ?  newline newline newline  yes sir , mr. president . all of our files regarding any ufo activity ever recorded .  newline newline newline  good , i ll need some time to look this over to know exactly what i m releasing . you can go now stevens .  newline newline newline  thank you sir .  newline newline newline the president sat , staring at the giant stack of files laid upon his desk in the oval office . a bright light illuminated the files in an otherwise dark room . he had spent days getting moved in and finally had time to himself that night . why not review the files , it was just a formality . newline newline newline  this is much more than i expected ,  he said to himself , through puffs on a cigar . a file labeled  roswell , 1947  caught his attention . he took a sip of whiskey and flipped open the file .  holy hell  he said , louder than he expected . he could nt believe his eyes . slowly , he flipped the pages . it was all true . there had been first contact . how would the public recieve this ? surely they would understand . he kept flipping and found a page titled  cooperative research .  newline newline newline what could this be ? no , no ! his mind screamed at the vulgar pictures , pictures of the stereotypical little grey men , strung up in a lab somewhere . men in white lab coats where pictured in black in white , poking and proding the creatures , obviously in pain . he read the report ,  the beings were uncooperative at first , but after many tests began to reveal many technological secrets . there is no doubt that with this information we can surpass the communists in the space age .  newline newline newline he took another puff from his cigar and a long sip of whiskey . further reading revealed the extent of the knowledge gleaned from the visitors turned captives . without the information they provided , the united states would never have put men on the moon . there were detailed schematics of advanced rocket technology with notes explaining how much of it was impossible with current materials . regardless , it was integral to the u.s. space program . newline newline newline what could he do ? release this and let the russians know that it was nt america ingenuity that beat them , rather some alien freaks ? show the world that america was wiling to torture the first outsiders ever encountered ? no , he closed the files in front of him , brushing cigar ash off the papers . he could nt reveal this , the public would have to understand . steph , newline newline i lie here dying on the cold mountains of afghanistan . it reminds me of the first time you taught me how to ski in maine . we shared so many hours that week together on that mountain , but you were just my best friend . remember how i went down the advanced slope on the second day ? i was scared shitless , but i did it anyways to impress you . when we slept in the same room together every night , as a friend , i could only pray for a miracle that you would sleep under my arms . when we came back to school , i could nt ever see you again . every time i saw you flirt with another guy i died a little inside . when you dated one of my friends , i went on a two month drinking and fucking spree trying to tear you from my mind . but i could never tell you how i feel , i would rather bear all the pain than to hear that you do nt feel the same way . when we finally graduated duty called for me . i ve had the courage to go through airborne school , crawl miles in the mud at 4 in the morning through ranger school , go to the deep into the darkest corners of the world where hatred and poverty breed violence and death , and only now can i confess my love for you . only in this black cave lit by the last few drops of battery i have in my flashlight , scribbling on a piece of bloodsoaked paper with a broken pen , i can write that i love you . i have lived a life with more action than i cared to see for thirty lifetimes but my only regret that gnaws at my soul is that i never had the courage to tell you how i feel . not even after all i have seen . newline newline cpt . vincent zain  newline newline the special forces captain read the letter again . a single tear flowed down is face . all the pain and loneliness he had bottled down inside since he was fifteen came flowing out . he had never cried before because it was weak . his men called him stoneface because he had never shown any fear on the most dangerous missions or any anger when everything went wrong . only now lying alone in a cave with a broken body and half a face with half the taliban army looking for him he can cry . it was not because he was going to die but it was because he took that letter and tore it up . as his eyes drifted into eternity , he only saw the pieces of his letter drifting away into the wind . he gave everything , but fate had dealt him nothing . thank you for coming ,  tobias said and , with a weak smile , closed the door . newline newline the house , after an afternoon alive with the respectful murmur of the wake , was now empty . tobias stood in the empty hallway for a moment and noticed , bemused , that his sadness at his mother  s passing had left him along with his last guest . what replaced it however , was even more unwelcome . fear gripped him as he made his way upstairs to change , stiff fingers tugging at the tie which now seemed to be choking him . with his mother gone there was noone left to undo the backtalker  s work . he wondered how far he would make it tomorrow . newline newline as it turned out , it was further than he would ever have imagined . newline newline his first test came the following morning , on the bus to work . ever since his boss had told him he was  a hard worker  , tobias had been unable to miss work for anything but the most exceptional circumstances . his mother  s death had meant his first day off in nearly 3 years . newline newline as usual he caught the 8:38 from the corner of his street . the buses ran like clockwork in most places  it was common practice for bus companies to tell their employees they were  punctual , courteous and safe drivers  upon hiring  , and as he boarded the bus and headed for his usual seat , his eyes flicked past the faces around him . dez . his presence could be relied on almost as readily as the bus  s punctuality . with cropped hair , jutting jaw and intricate tattoos , dez was a typical backtalker . rumour had it he should be locked up , but he told the prison officers that they were best mates . he got his tattoos for free for the same reason . backed up by an extensive network of skinhead friends of his , dez was protected from reciprocal attacks which would be noticed and undone by his mates . and woe betide anyone who messed with a backtalker . dez sauntered over as the bus pulled away . newline newline  morning , tubs  came the usual greeting . tobias didn  t respond . newline newline  your nose is looking particularly big today , tubs.  newline newline christ , he wasn  t wasting time today . tobias grimaced as he felt his nose swell and redden until he took on the appearance of an alcoholic . newline newline  please , dez . don  t.  newline newline  i don  t know why you bother tubs , i really don  t  came the reply . newline newline by the time tobias got off the bus , as well as his swollen nose , he had a badly receding hairline , shoelaces tied together and mustard stains on his suit . newline newline thankfully it had all been physical today . tobias  s mind was still his own , and it buzzed with fear and rage as he made his way to the office , the snickers of dez and his gang receded into the distance . newline newline  tobias , mr schaefer wants to see you in his office.  becky the secretary put down the phone without waiting for a reply . tobias sighed , put aside his work and trudged to the front of the floor , past cubicles of colleagues , none of whom paid him any attention . newline newline mr schaefer was a tall , muscular man with great hair . tobias reckoned his wife had told him to be that way , or maybe some family member . either way it was unlikely that mr schaefer had always been like this . you could tell by the way he acted . although only a lowly sales manager , he ran his team like a slave driver . newline newline  sit down  he ordered , as soon as tobias had closed the office door behind him . newline newline  i see once again you have failed to properly dress yourself for work this morning  , schaefer noted , peering down his nose at tobias  s mustardstained shirt . newline newline that hurt . schaefer knew full well that tobias got backchat on the way to work , having seen him with a different deformity or ailment practically every day . yet he still picked him out as a target . newline newline  your output is down this month . this is not acceptable.  newline newline until that moment , tobias had been on track to meet this month  s output target . but as soon as the words left schaefer  s mouth , he felt himself forgetting the contents of presentations , growth startegies and sales targets slipping from his mind . feeling anger rising in him like it never had before , tobias knew that no matter what he did , he would now miss his targets , just as his boss said . without his mother there was no way to undo shaefer  s meddling . newline newline  you  re going to keep slipping at work , lose control and home and eventually leave me no choice but to fire you  shaefer continued , a cruel smile on his lips .  why should i keep you around when i can replace you with someone else at least as hard working as you , who doesn  t get backchat on his way to work every day ?  newline newline he had said it . admitted he knew exactly what was going on . yet still he persisted in this ridiculous and unjustified attack . as tobias felt himself losing the will to work , begin craving a drink , he snapped . noone was going to mess with his mind like this ever again . coldly , he stood and spoke for the first time since he had arrived at work . newline newline  you  re a fat fr , schaefer . a worthless , spineless waste of space with no newline future in this company.  newline newline schaefer  s eyes widened in horror as he began to expand , a huge beer belly straining at his shirt , buttons popping and fabric tearing . he began to speak , revenge undoubtedly on his mind . newline newline  you  newline newline  you  re mute , schaefer . you can  t speak !  screamed tobias , as his now fat and spineless boss collapsed onto the floor gurgling indistinctly . newline newline towering over him , defiance in his eyes , it was then that tobias learnt the true power of the backtalker . newline newline  think you can push me around , huh ?  newline newline  you  re a dead man.  newline newlinethe punks laughed at me as they prepared their weapons . one had a katana that could slice through anything but another mystical items . the other weirded a might great sword that released a wave of air with every swing . the last had a long bladed pole arm that would move to its wielder s will . i had a very nice razor i would not advise shaving with . newline newline the pole arm struck first with its massive range . he swung it above his head and whipped it at me , swinging by my head before boomerang to his hand . i effortlessly ducked under it and stopped a katana strike with my razor . the halberd was approaching my head , so i spun backwards behind the katana and pushed him into the way , nipping his neck with my razor . the punk barely blocked the heavy halberd strike that smashed him to the ground . the pole arm flew over the halberd punks back , i blocked it with my razor , sending the pole arm back to its master . the halberd punk began to stand so i lunged over his bank , slicing my razor across his back and kicking the pole arm punk in the chest . i span around and slashed across the halberd punks arm , then rolled over a heavy swing of his sword , nicking his cheek and stepping on the bleeding katana punk . the wave from the halberd cut deep into the pole arm , who began to scramble to contain his intestines . i stomped on the injured katana punks chest making sure to crack a rib , and faced the halberd punk . newline newline  my razor may my cut deep , but it s cuts will never naturally heal .  i explained as the halberd punk began to notice the warm flow down his back and arm .  you d best get medical attention before all three of you bleed out . as he left the helicopter and stepped onto the muddy ground , he could nt help but feel all alone . he did nt want to be here . he had thought that his numbers would nt be called . while he d worried about it ever since graduation day , he thought he d be safe . but he was nt , and now here he was in some foreign country , fighting a war he did nt even know why he or any other american was involved in . newline newline soon his platoon began to march across the swamps and rice paddies towards the village where a group of vc s were hiding . this was just a quick search and destroy mission that their co had said would be done before lunch time . of course he did nt believe it and neither did any of his fellow men except crazy jerry , a bucktoothed psychopath who probably would have been a serial killer had he not joined the army . newline newline  i ll shoot more of them than all of you combined . those chinks will never know what s coming .  newline newline  chinks ?  he said , pondering crazy jerry s intelligence . just then a few shots were fired . they all got down and soon there was a full blown attack . the young man did nt know what to do other than just stay on the ground and hopefully not be shot . he did not want to die in some rice paddy in vietnam . newline newline all of a sudden the shots stopped . miraculously no one was dead but there were two guys wounded . the sergeant in the group called for a helicopter to come out , and in a few minutes one did but it was then hit by an rpg . as he looked up he then felt a searing pain in his right leg . soon a few more things hit the leg and he fell . newline newline  grandpa !  newline newline  who s grandpa !  newline newline just then he woke up . newline newline  grandpa , come and watch me !  said a little girl in a bright blue swimsuit . it was summer and he was not in south vietnam but in a quiet suburban neighborhood somewhere in the heartland . newline newline  grandpa !  newline newline just then he got up from his chair . he still moved a little rough on his metal leg , even though he had used a prosthesis for nearly 40 years . newline newline  i m sorry hun , but i have to go inside to talk to grandma . i ll watch swim later .  newline newline he then walked inside his house . the house still looked like something out late 70 s , but certainly was nt a dump . he went to go sit in his easy chair and watch some tv . he was hoping that his wife was making dinner but she was in the laundry room , finishing up the day s load . newline newline the man turned on the tv . there was nt anything on that was too interesting , but he kept it on some movie channel showing some old black and white film he had nt seen in years . he then fell asleep .oscar climbed out of his sewer . they were making a new series of episodes , he could tell by the guy who had his hand up oscar s rear rend . normally his puppeteers only handled him when they were filming , but the lights were off and the cameras were nt manned . newline newline they were nt filming , but he was alive . why ? he looked around again , his puppeteer was hungry and battered . the soundstage was deserted , streaked with blood and felt . there was a half gnawed on body in a yellow bird suit . even oscar , who hated fresh food , could tell that someone was eating the bird . newline newline something hooted outside the sound stage . there were nt any sirens or car horns , just silence . his puppeteer walked him over to the window .  see oscar ? it s just us , we re all alone . the bird got angry so he had to die , but his meat is making me sick now . i should have washed my hand after handling the chicken .  newline newline oscar watched some people mull about in the street . they twitched and cried , but did nt go about their business . they did nt tell stories , they did nt count or spell . not anymore . newline newline his puppeteer walked over to a side entrance and slowly unbarred the door . when nobody banged on it , he opened it . newline newline what he saw and smell made him happy . oscar loved garbage and rot and destruction , and that was what was outside . cars had crashed , bodies lay in the street . the flies were everywhere . the count would be having multiple orgasms at the sheer number of flies to count . newline newline  well oscar , we need to go find food .  newline newline oscar looked up and down the street and saw a convenience store . the windows were broken but there might be some food inside . a snarl came from behind and the puppeteer turned and ran . the things had nt been eating and all this angryness was slowing them down . the puppeteer quickly outran it and doubled back the long way to the convenience store . newline newline inside , there were some candy bars in the back room and a couple of bottles of soda . the puppeteer drank and ate , filling himself and giving the empty wrappers to oscar , apologizing that they were only trash and not garbage . newline newline in the back room was a bottle of vodka . the puppeteer took a swig from the bottle and continued on . they came across the body of a man in a yellow jacket . the puppeteer took a swig of vodka and poured some on the ground by the man .  here s to you , bird .  newline newline oscar looked around and saw a crowd of the angry people . the puppeteer ran and closed himself in a store front , locking the doors as the angry mob began slamming their bruised and bloodied hands on the glass . the puppeteer steadied himself and caught his breath . he then downed some more vodka . newline newline  oscar ? what have i done ? i did nt mean to kill the bird , but he was getting angry , and now i m all alone except for you .  newline newline oscar looked at the angry mob . newline newline the puppeteer stood and walked to the front door , his hand on the latch .  oscar , do you want to make some new friends today ? the lab room lights flickered at a frequency barely perceptible to arthur and ingo as they looked intently at the screen in front of them . numbers and statistics flew by as the pair searched for anything that could be portrayed in a positive light . the results of their latest experiments were just coming in , and not a moment too soon . within two days they would have to submit their findings to the committee , and with what they had to show for their efforts , continued funding of the project looked far from certain . newline newline arthur hit a key on the console next to a vacuumsealed door . a puff of air briefly lifted his disheveled hair and restored it in place as the seal was broken and the door opened . newline newline utter devastation . newline newline arthur reviewed the damage that had been done in the combat simulation chamber . it was unlike anything that had happened in their virtually simulated experiments . the members of the drone platoon had been trained with petabytes of combat data collected from the armed forces . slight variations , within reasonable limits , of their  personalities  had been chosen by a genetic algorithm , yet all of the semiautonomous drones had performed abysmally in a real world test . newline newline  every last one of them is destroyed ,  arthur lamented as he viewed the damage on the  queen  drone that served as the leader that dispatched commands . even without reviewing the combat logs , he could tell that the queen had gone down early in the experiment . newline newline  it just does nt make any sense  their reasoning skills are topnotch . their weaponry and reaction times are an order of magnitude better . they ve got instant access to every combat action taken by every solder in the last fifty years . yet they re being blown away by our firstgeneration drones !  ingo said , his puzzled look giving way to a terrible fear of having to return to work in the private sector . imagined grocery drones flew around his head . he shuddered . newline newline real world experiments were considerably more expensive , and they had time for one more the next day . with no way of explaining the poor performance of their drones , they were flying blind , so to speak . arthur and ingo decided to roll the dice , and let a significantly wider range of personalities be introduced in their final experiment . it was way more variation than they had ever expected at such a late stage of their work , and was effectively an admission of defeat . might as well have some fun . newline newline  newline newline the final day of experiments was upon arthur and ingo . newline newline  the benefits at nile.com are great , and hours are flexible , they ...  arthur trailed off as he observed ingo staring straight ahead , not paying much attention . he looked at the screen at the characteristics of the drones they had just sent out to their final real world experiment . he scoffed at the absurdity of such waste . newline newline numbers began quickly streaming across the screen , and a single line of larger numbers immediately stood out . ingo checked some of the external sensors in the combat chamber and they confirmed the results . it was difficult to believe . newline newline within minutes it was over . arthur rushed over to the console to open the door to see first hand what had happened . one drone stood virtually untouched along with the queen . it had laid waste to the entire enemy platoon . newline newline ingo called to arthur from the main lab . newline newline  take a look at this !  ingo pointed a finger excitedly at the screen ,  the one out there that survived ? practically a zero on abstract reasoning abilities . none of our earlier virtual experiments ever went close  who wants a dumb drone ? but it seems like this intelligence , coupled with the massive amount of data they had , crippled the others into inaction . i do nt know why this never came up in our virtual simulations .  newline newline ingo felt relief as he looked down and wrote in his notebook :  he is the chosen one . braver than a lion . mightier than the storm . dumber than a 5year old .  newline newlinejimmy walked the four miles to town each day , and each day he would see mr. davey sitting in an old straw chair with an older straw hat . newline newline  hi , mr. davey ,  jimmy would sing . newline newline mr. davey always looked tired . newline newline  dya hear about that fellow two counties over that got shot ?  he d say . or  yknow there s some disease what s spose to get to the corn come august , do nt ya ?  newline newline and each day , after seeing mr. davey , jimmy would walk a little slower and grunt instead of whistle . newline he d run into someone else , share the day s news , and they re shoulders would drop as his had . newline newline one day , after hearing the morning update , he slouched and walked kicking a rock until he ran into the old preacher . newline newline  what it is , little man ?  said the rev . shaft . newline newline  oh ,  jimmy started ,  the world s just dark is all .  newline newline  you got damn right it is ,  answered the reverend with a signature afro pat .  oh , you mean shit s depressing you ?  newline newline jimmy nodded and looked back down the road to where mr. davey sat telling someone else about how the kids were using codes to leave sexual messages in the cow dung . newline newline  shid ,  rev . shaft said following his eyes .  you been talking to tom brokass , huh ? listen , there s a lot of shit in the world , but there s way more grass , dig ? only way you ca nt see that is if you stick your head in the shit and dig , dig ?  newline newline jimmy walked away smiling with a sense of calm complacency . newline newline then he got struck by lightning .my arms are wrapped around clarissa s back , her head resting against my shoulder . i nuzzle my nose into her hair and breathe in . newline newline  your hair smells nice . like fruit ,  i say quietly into her bangs .  did you change shampoos recently ?  newline newline  nnnnh ,  she hums in a negative response . she pulls her head away and looks up at me .  i have nt even been out shopping since last week .  newline newline something perplexes me about the way she looks . i unwind my arms from around her and grasp her hands . a slight smile creeps upon her face and her eyes glance down at my lips momentarily . newline newline  your eyes ,  i say . newline newline  what about them ?  she asks , fluttering her eyelashes . newline newline  they re a lighter green than i ve ever seen them ,  i say . newline newline clarissa laughs .  is that a good thing or a bad thing ?  newline newline  they re pretty ,  i say , looking into her bright green eyes .  you re pretty .  newline newline she smiles and pulls me into a hug . the unfamiliar yet pleasant smell of fruit from her hair fills my nose once again . newline newline   newline newline once i m alone i get online to find old pictures of clarissa s eyes . nothing shows up when i search for clarissa s profile . i check my relationship status and see the name clara . i click through to her profile and there she is : beautiful brown hair , soft face , full lips , and surprisingly bright green eyes . i ll have to ask her when she decided to change her profile name to clara . newline newline i scroll through her timeline : photos of us canoeing together on the lake  photos of us snuggling in a hammock in the bright light of summer  photos of us with our hands in the air riding a roller coaster . all of them show her eyes a lighter color than i remember . i scroll down a bit further and freeze . there s a post i made on her birthday last year : newline newline happy birthday , clara ! you re the best !  newline newline why did i call her clara ? i thought she had just recently changed her profile name . did it automatically update all the posts on her wall from clarissa to clara ? it would nt have done that though ... would it have ? newline newline   newline newline  when did you start going by clara ?  i ask clarissa as we sit next to each other on a park bench . a gaggle of geese are fighting each other for the scraps of bread we re throwing to them . newline newline  what do you mean ?  she says . newline newline  like , when did you decide to change your name from clarissa ?  i say . newline newline  umm . when i was like ... six i think ,  she says as she tosses a quarter sized piece of bread at a goose . her calf is pressed over my shin  her left foot between both of my feet . newline newline  it s the strangest thing ,  i say ,  but i really do nt remember you ever going by anything other than clarissa .  newline newline  actually i was going to say the same thing ,  she says .  well not exactly the same thing : i saw online last night that you changed your name to william . why did you decide to stop going by bill ?  newline newline i toss the last piece of bread and look into clarissa s eyes to see if she s joking . there s no humor there , only a legitimate question . newline newline  i ve never gone by bill ,  i say . newline newline  you ve always gone by bill ,  she insists . newline newline   newline newline clarissa is lying across the couch with her head in my lap . i stroke her long brown hair from root to tip with my left hand . she holds my right hand with both of hers and rests it on her chest , idly drawing on my palm . newline newline  how did we meet ,  she asks . newline newline  you tripped over a shovel i accidentally left on the sidewalk when i was working at that landscaping job ,  i say . newline newline  it was a rake , not a shovel ,  she says .  but yeah that sounds right . when did we first kiss ?  newline newline  i was dropping you off after our third date . it was raining and i walked you to your door with my umbrella . you said you had always wanted to try kissing in the rain and then took the umbrella away from me ,  i say . newline newline  that s almost exactly what i remember , except it was my umbrella . i did nt take it away from you  i was holding it the entire time ,  she says . clarissa sits up , my hands falling lightly to my sides . she looks at me with a puzzled expression . newline newline  why do nt we remember the same things as each other ?  she asks . newline newline  who knows ,  i say .  maybe i m just really bad at holding memories .  newline newline  well whatever the case , we just have to make some new memories ,  she says . newline newline her lips press against mine : soft , gentle , warm . newline newline  this time we ll make sure you never forget .  newline newline   newline newline my arms are wrapped around clara s back , her head resting against my shoulder . i nuzzle my nose into her hair and breathe in . newline newline a flowery , herbal smell greets my nose . newline newline i push away and look down into her face . newline newline  what s going on , william ?  she asks , looking up at me , fluttering her eyelashes over her dark , hazel eyes . aww come on troy ! i think you need to be cheered up a little .  newline newline the crowd pressed in around me , and i tried not to gag as the smell of sweat encircled me like a venomous cloud .  um ...  i choked as they leant in closer .  but ... we just ... lost .   my final word echoed through the space of the gymnasium , a lost cry for help . newline newline but they ignored me completely . oblivious to the horror of our most recent loss at the basketball game , they laughed my comment off , and all i could do was watch with wide eyes as one of the players shouted ,  i think this calls for a celebration !  newline newline the gymnasium went wild . an eruption began in the stands  they were coming for me !   no !  i begged desperately for mercy .  please do nt do this !  but they would nt listen , and they cheered gleefully at our misfortune . i sank to the floor and wept for the idiocy of mankind as they began their dreadful chorus . newline newline   we re all in this together ...  i was walking down a city street towards my car when i heard electronic sounding music coming from the sky . it sounded quiet at first , but gradually started increasing in volume . i had read about this on an internet forum  it had mentioned about music playing from the sky and that it was preceding what it called the drop  , and that it would cause the end of the world , but that s all the information it gave . i had no idea about what that meant , but i m guessing ... something to do with dubstep ? as the music continued increasing in volume , the pedestrians around me paused and appeared to brace themselves . i just ignored them and arrived at my car . newline newline then it came . newline newline the ground beneath my feet lurched as huge bassy notes suddenly blared from below . the whole world had started bouncing . the traffic on the road came to a complete standstill while pedestrians around me struggled to maintain balance . i looked all around and saw the skyscrapers violently sway . the whole earth felt like it was a giant subwoofer . i looked at a building entrance and saw the people inside the reception area cling to the desk for dear life while objects bounced off of it and onto the floor . newline newline as the bass increased in volume , the bouncing intensified , and bricks and bits of masonry started raining down . i needed to get out of here , fast . i got into my car , buckled up , and started the engine . fortunately , the road was nt congested , so i drove off . the road started to wave and ripple , lifting my car up and making it hard to control . newline newline several minutes later , as i arrived at the outskirts of the city , it became so bombastic and bouncy it was practically impossible to drive . the noise was now deafening . the people around were completely knocked off of their feet , and were constantly lifting into the air as if they were being doublebounced on a trampoline . chunks of the whole landscape was now braking apart and rapidly jumping up and down . i looked back , and saw the city s buildings collapse . newline newline i remained sat in the car and tried waiting it out . i was in a clear spot , so nothing should collapse onto me , at least ...i thought this was a stupid joke when i had first seen the add in the newspaper , and when i had shown up to this peculiar funeral , i still was nt sure what this was . a handful of people no more than fifteen had shown up with hopes of inheriting billions of dollars from delivering the beset eulogy . as i glanced around , i was nt exactly sure that the people that had accumulated could deliver a coherent speech , let alone pronounce the world  eulogy  correctly . newline newline i watched as the first contestant , a woman who appeared to be somewhere in her mid forties , stumbled onto the small stage and rested herself behind the podium . she grinned at the crowd , proudly showing the six teeth that were still intact within her withering jaws . at least she was wearing something black  some of the men and women gathered were in streeth clothing . i felt somewhat overdressed wearing simple black slacks , grey shirt , and tie . i let my attention fix back onto the woman behind the podium , who still had nt said a word . she was wavering in her stance , holding onto the podium as if it were a life perserver and she drowning . she had opened her mouth the speak , but instead toppled over off the stage . newline newline the man who had set up the queue sighed in annoyance , and quickly shuttled her into the back row of empty seats . he ran a hand through his quickly thining hair , and made his way to me . newline newline  you re up , alex ,  he said , gesturing me towards the stage . newline newline i got up onto the stage , and made eye contact with the crowd . i had nt really prepared anything for this  i had nt even known who this unknown billionare was . all i knew was that it was a male , and eccentric . i shrugged , and began to speak . what could go wrong ? newline newline  welcome , strangers , to the funeral of this man ,  i stole a look at the coffin , which was laying completely still .  today we are gathered here today to commemorate and , well , i guess to mourn this man in the coffin . i am sure we all wonder who the man in this coffin is , but to be honest , does that really matter ? we are all here for one of two reasons either we truly believed that this man would will billions of dollars to whoever delivered the least horrible eulogy , or we thought it was some sort of odd joke and came to see what it was . either way , we really do nt know this man , do we ? newline newline  i suppose if nobody but strangers came to his funeral , he must ve been some sort of asshole . or perhaps all of his friends and family have already passed on , and he was just lonely for his remaining years ,  i paused here . when i had first came to this funeral , i had been somewhat curious about it . but now i had an unsatiable desire to know who the man in the casket was . i hopped off the stage , and stood near the coffin . i put my hands on the lacquered wood , running my finger tips across the untouched surface . newline newline  this man , who has gathered us strangers , we owe something to him . for if i was nt here , i would again be wasting this perfectly good saturday holed inside my apartment playing another five hour session of minecraft . i mean , i get some vitamin d today . so in a way , his death has expanded my lifespan . vitamin d makes you live longer , right ?  i could feel the awkward expression from the crowd . there was probably no way my piss poor excuse for a eulogy would ever win . the woman before that had said literally nothing had at least captured some sort of excitement from the crowd when she had fell off the stage . i was just a babbling idiot . newline newline excitement . what could i do to excited the crowd ? the bored expressions of small crowd gathered stared at me blankly .  i , well , uh..  i tried to scrape for words . but none came to me . newline newline in a moment of desparation , i flung open the lid to the coffin . a small gasp escaped the crowd , everyone rose to their feet to peer in the casket . i finally looked down at the body for myself . except when i looked down , there was no body . it was a few papers stacked on top of each other . i snatched the papers from their resting place , and read them intently . i read the words written on the various papers , and soaked up the information . newline newline oh fuck . now i had to follow this stupid treasure map to get to the fortune .i am adam , prince of eternia and defender of the secrets of castle greyskull . newline this is cringer , my fearless friend . fabulous secret powers were revealed to me the day i held aloft my magic sword and said ,  by the power of greyskull ! i have the power !  cringer became the mighty battle cat , and i became heman , the most powerful man in the universe ! i now work at a office supply retailer in slough . newline newline after i vanquished the terror of the evil tyrant skeletor , there was a political referendum in eternia and the monarchy was disestablished in place of a democratic government meaning i needed to find work elsewhere . my skills outside the realm of fighting evil doers is limited , but i found my vocation in credit control . newline newline as much as i love my job , there are certain qualms i have met within my adventures in world of office supply retail . on my first day cringer bit gary in accounting causing severe lacerations to his lower body . i explained to my manager that he was my mighty battle cat but alas , cringer was put down the next day . it was not taken to tribunal . newline newline additionally , i was unaware of the strict uniform restrictions . my revealing , leather battle armour was not considered appropriate work place attire . despite trying to wear an appropriate suit , i am unable to tie a knot in a necktie and will commonly forget to put on any clothes at all . by some incident , due to my attire , i was mistaken for a raging homosexual . this made gary very uncomfortable . newline newline of course , i try my hardest on a daily basis to follow up all our clients on outstanding debts . thought my use of email and telephone communication is limited , i will often raise my magical sword in the air and shout  by the power of grayskull , i have the power  to meet quotas and follow up all outstanding debts  !  . my manager has given me several warnings on distracting behavior in the workplace . i continue to use the sword to this day . newline newline my manager is currently reassessing my place here at slough office supply retail ltd. and , at this time , i am dealing with a sexual harassment case after trying to show her my magic glowing sword . newline newline tl  dr : by the power of office supply retail , i have the power !the most dangerous religion of all : the secular quasireligion of the state . people begin to sink deeper than they already are in terms of worshiping power  wealth . the sophisticated us mainstream media apparatus finally becomes successful in fully demonizing any potential threats to its own humandomination engine by arbitrarily leveraging the term  terrorism  every few hours . all this under the full awareness that its own activities  at the behest of private capital  have been the  1 causal mechanism of global terrorism for over a century . newline newline this was made possible by finally contaminating the internet itself  the last bastion of hope for civilization to cure itself of unjustified vertical structures of humanmisery , like private tyrannies  nationstates  with that same inculcationpropaganda system . with the diabolical passivity of the state , private tyrannies now become the internet s  private policemen  , using sophisticated algorithms to identify , report , and demonize any remaining dissent against the and concentrated class of sociopaths who rule . the most effective of these leverage the successful , timetested strategy of distract , divide , and conquer . newline newline the  better angels of our nature  delivers the cold statistical facts of how violence has dropped to the lowest levels in recorded in history ... but like any document emerging from a public intelligentsia who is utterly subordinate to state power , it contains only the most superficial , paperthin conclusions as to why , and is deliberately sterile of any deeper analysis . of course the real reason for the reduction in violence is simply because all knowledge that could conceivably lead to rational and warranted dissent has been successfully beaten out of peoples heads , and history rewritten to favor our benevolent owners . natural human resistance to authority has been whitewashed with love and obedience to the  responsible men  , who now effortlessly lord over billions using the very same technology that was intended to increase people s range of freedom and knowledge . newline newline the masses are so well inculcated and heavily propagandized on this 24hour cycle of  now almost fully automated  psychological warfare , that they can no longer tell their dystopia from the utopia their masters luxuriate in at their expense . they ve learned to enjoy the chains . newline newline orwell spins in his grave ... .my eyes meet yours .  but it got people to listen , though , did nt it ? and here i am  a nobody  yet now you know who i am .  newline newline i lean forward  just slightly , so as not to alarm you . newline newline  and that s all i ever wanted from you . to listen to me . to talk with me .  newline newline a smirk touches my lips as i lean back and spread my arms . newline newline  and now look at us . having a good ole conversation . ironic , it took a death to make our relationship come alive , eh ?  newline newline i chuckle . the sound sounds deranged and mad to my own ears , but i like it . newline newline such a primitive race . newline newline  barely gotten offplanet , wasting their resources , hardly able to govern themselves let alone others ... newline newline  and the fighting ! they re split into fractally nested subgroups , always exerting violent dominance over each other . and they call themselves sapient ! newline newline  it would almost be mercy to end them .  newline newline   newline newline very few came at first . small legions of grey men with laser blasters , straight out of every scifi movie ever . newline newline each legion would attempt to capitalise on the chaos creted by us fighting each other , one region at a time . newline newline after the first few , we would send soldiers as part of the support for wartorn legions . newline newline and they came to each one . and they were taken by suprise . one or two missiles and a couple dozen bullets was all it took . newline newline   newline newline  warleader , there are complications .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  some factions of the terra are sending their strength to recovering regions . and they have stopped their infighting .  newline newline  more power .  newline newline   newline newline we had no more weak spots for the grey men to easily finish what we started . after seeing what happened to victims of war , most of the world thought it a good idea to stop fighting amongst themselves . newline newline their forces quickly grew in power after seeing what we were capable of . and yet , they still underestimated our capacities for violence . newline newline every time they felt brave enough to attack a bigger target , they quickly saw the true power of the humans . newline newline they steadily increased in power , but so did we . i dreaded to think what would happen once this threat that united us was gone . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline to be continued . i do nt have a subreddit . day one on the blue and green orb in the jialta quadrant of the whirler galaxy had been mostly uneventful . they had landed just before dawn in a remote patch of what the locals called  minnesota  . they had been waiting all week for a brutal electrical storm to pass through the area and it looked like it was finally going to clear . the rest of the ground force would land tomorrow night and they would start their offensive immediately there after . newline newline kalupta was in charge of securing the landing zone and setting up the stealth field generators so that the troop carriers could land completely undetected . he grumbled about the cargo hold pulling out all of his equipment that he would need to set up for the night operation when he caught the atmospheric display out of the corner of his eye ,  100  confirmed hospitable  it read in bold green letters .  well that s a relief  kalupta grumbled to himself ,  glad i did nt make this 230 light year trip just to wear a full ev suit all day and night  newline newline kalupta s home planet received some interesting transmissions from this seemingly defenseless little planet nearly 30 years ago concerning the  hooomans  becoming dangerously close to developing faster than light technology . it had taken the fawcaw almost 25 years to get to  earth  in hopes of subjugating the planet before the hooomans managed to succeed in passing through the spacial rifts that linked their world with many others . kalupta laughed to himself  these silly hooomans are so close to the answer that an adolescent fawcaw would be able to supply them with the failure in their equation  . newline newline with the light from sol shining bright kalupta decided to open the hatch and begin his work without his ev suit on . the risks , he decided , were at worst marginal . kalupta trudged through the dense forest for a few hours and had worked up quite the sweat . it was nearly 90 degrees fahrenheit according to local broadcasts which was much hotter than temperatures felt on fawcaw prime which rarely exceeded half that . newline newline his work done for the day and the star beginning to set behind the horizon kalupta was finally beginning to enjoy the weather as it cooled off for the night . he commed his superiors in the fleet to dispatch the troop carriers . a mere three minutes later he would be dead and he had nt seen , heard , or felt a thing . newline newline after failing to gain kalupta on comm for landing , the craft circled the small shuttle used by him to survey the area . seeing nothing in the vicinity and no sign of kalupta the fawcaw feared that their surprise landing was no longer a surprise . in an effort for an expedient mission the commander ordered all of his troops to forgo to the ev suits and to search for kalupta quickly and to find his captors and kill them . newline newline the aliens made it less than 50 yards from the ship before they were swarmed by pesky tiny humming insects that seemed to be out for blood . it was the shortest offensive of all time as 1400 elite ground occupying landing force members perished , the desensitizing saliva of the minnesota state bird paralyzed their complex neurological system causing them all to convulse and die in short order .he lived in a small hut . he did nt own a pair of shoes nor fancy clothes . he did not own material objects  not one shiny trinket . he had nt wealth nor family , but the lonely old fisherman always had a smile on his face . he smiled whether the sun shone down or the rain poured hard . he smiled whether he had a large catch or did not catch anything at all . he was , by definition , the poorest in his village but would give away his daily catch to those in need . newline newline there was a woman he had once loved that was wooed away by sparkling baubles and a silver tongued devil . the fisherman continued to smile . his only friends , a pair of birds , stayed with him night and day . he sang to them and fed them first at meals but they could not fill the void . newline newline he caught a cold one chilly day that he could nt pay to cure . a neighbour found him , three days cold , with a smile still on his face . he may have died all alone and a pauper in his hut near the river where he fished , but the entire village came together to honour the lonely fisherman . now every year they hold a feast in his memory for never such a generous man have they seen since . in the end , the fisherman who had nothing and no one , had touched more lives than the richest of them all .simon was not happy  what the fuck man ! why did you do that ! ?  newline newline  cause i m a wizard and ... .magic !  eldrich slurred in response newline newline  a dunk wizard ! change her back now !  newline newline  i do nt know man , i kind of like her better this way . she s a lot less judgmental , and frankly i think you ll be happier in the long run  newline newline  that s sara man , you turned her into a pumpkin !  newline newline  she said she wanted some color , so i made her orange . maybe she likes it this way .  newline newline  fucking change her back !  newline newline  ok , ok , just got a little mixed up . hang on , i can fix this .  eldrich pulled back the wide , gold trimmed cuffs of his purple robe exposing his boney fore arms . he began to move his hands in somewhat intricate patterns through the air . after a few moments and some mumbled latin , eldrich clapped his hands together and a brilliant light filled the kitchen of their shared apartment .  there , good as new ... probably  newline newline  she s not better !  simon yelled ,  she s just a still a pumpkin !  newline newline  then what did a change ?  eldrich scanned the room for any magiked items , completely missing the naked barbie doll sitting in a bowl full of apples . simon was still clutching the pumpkin that was until very recently his girlfriend sarah , wondering how he could get her back to normal , and if she would stay with him if he could return her to normal . their living situation had been a matter of contention between recently . sarah insisted that they confront eldrich and tell him to find a different place to liver . simon insisted that the could nt afford the nice downtown loft by themselves yet , but as soon as he got his promotion at work they could and eldrich would be out . sarah was skeptical of this promotion , right up until the time she was turned into a pumpkin at which point she ceased to have any conscious thought . newline newline  i can still fix this , just hold on a minute , lem me get something  eldrich was stuck his hand into his pointed velvet hat and began to fish around inside it . from deep within the hat sounds of clinking glass , and fallen booked echoed . when they stopped edrich produced a 5th of whiskey . newline newline  put that fucking bottle back man ! i need you all here !  newline newline  it ll be fine , i ll be fine  eldrich reassured simon  this.. this helps me with magic . without it i m all up here  eldrich pointed to his head  and magic , magic does nt come from up here , it comes from here  eldrich mimed to his left shoulder , but simon was pretty sure he meant his heart . newline newline  no ! no ! i m done with your bullshit !  simon was furious  it was fun when you stole cable , and made magic pizza ! it was annoying when you made the shower put out skittles , and the dog speak aramaic . it was questionable when you made the sink dispense gin and tonic , and made the wall of the bathroom have porn on it all the time . and it was unforgivable when you turned sarah into a fucking pumpkin ! i m calling the cops !  newline  the regular cops , or the magic cops ?  newline newline  both !  simon screamed . newline newline eldrich , understandably , was worried . transforming humans was very , very illegal and he could face a long time in magic prison . and his dad would be pissed ! simon s phone was out of his pocket and 911 was dialed before eldrich could react . it rang once and an operator picked up .  yes hello , i d like to report a magic crime  simon stopped dead , mid sentence , as his eyes moved from pumpkin sarah to eldrich . eldrich did nt want to be arrested and go to magic prison , so he was playing his only card . his rolled back sleeves and muttering latin made simon stutter . eldrich waved his hands in the air then smacked them together with a thunderous clap ! the kitchen was once again filled with a bright flash of light which blinded eldrich . once his eyes adjust he looked where simon once stood and saw ... .. newline newline a very tan , even more angry simon still on the phone with the police . they call us monsters , son  newline newline  why ?  newline newline  for some ignorance is bliss , but for others it is more than that . for those ignorance is a way of life , it is something to be preserved , something to be valued above all else . they do not want to know who or what we really are .  newline newline booms echoed through the broken city behind them . sirens blared warning to the few who remained . newline newline  evacuate to the nearest launch points !  newline newline fighters , eyes gleaming and launchers waiting for targets , raced overhead towards the city . emerging from the shield at the edge of the buildings the launchers began flaring silently as the craft went out of sight . newline newline a soldier designed with newest exoskeleton , his legs gleaming black in the light of the sun , looked down on the two watchers .  you two , please keep moving , the empire will not be held for long .  newline newline aiken looked down at his son ,  the empire believes the things we do to be defiling humanity , they do not accept that we are the next step . i hope one day we will return here and they will finally see that we are improving upon mother nature s design .  newline newline the bioships were designed from the ground up for one purpose : to break the empire s blockade and allow the geneticists to leave the solar system . with a new carapace material the blockade has never encountered and speed far outpacing anything the empire could dream of , they would succeed . the ships stand enormous on the plain , as large as the city near them , their projected shield giving them time against the orbital strikes and long range missiles to load their precious cargo . newline newline the earth is just a blue marble shown in the viewer . everyone is settling into their stasis pods for the long journey to the gilese system . newline newline  dad , some day i want to make them lose their ignorance .  newline newline edit : wording and grammar . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinei like games . newline newline i really do . ever since i was a hatchling , my mother played games with all of her brood . her games were mostly to teach us how to be better predators , but i enjoyed them nonetheless . from races , to scavenger hunts , and even a bit of sparring , i was enamored with it all . i was never interested in the lesson that was intended , i merely wanted to win . i wanted to play . newline newline as the brood aged , we eventually went our separate ways . drelkor went to the south to hunt . he ravaged the farmlands , but eventually was brought down by a band of knights . reshshrak went to the east in search of jewels and gold , but found sand and death . jinlo found a mountainside to call her own , but fell to the wizard of the mount . i was the last . mother had long since left to start her brood anew , and i grew bored . i decided to head west , and seek an opponent . newline newline as a dragon , i have immense physical power . far greater than any man or beast . mother always called us the apex predator  , and bragged about how she had felled entire armies of men , hordes of rampaging ogres , and bested a powerful lich in her long life . but such endeavors do not interest me . they are arbitrary actions , ungoverned and unfair . i prefer a challenge . to be challenged . newline newline and so , i wandered the land in search of someone to satiate my desire . most fled in terror , which is understandable . dragons are not known for conversation . some wished to attack me out of some notion of pride or some imagined duty to protect their kingdoms . instead of killing the fools outright , i decided to take advantage of the heroes  i defeated . i offered them a chance . a chance to play a game for their lives . newline newline as long as the game was feasible , and did not favor either player too much , i allowed my captive to choose their game . at first , i thought about killing the challenger when they lost . but above all , i am fair . i would not deprive the challengers at a chance to claim victory from defeat . instead , they were to serve me in some small way . gathering food , valuables , guarding my lair and the like . but more importantly , i asked them to seek out new challengers . newline newline any who had previously lost  their life to me was given ample opportunity to confront me once more for their freedom . they bartered with their time , mostly . time that they swore to serve , even if they had won their freedom . some with trinkets and baubles , coin and gems to add to my trophies . not to build a horde , mind you . i care not for material things . rather , to build a collection worthy of interest by others . items that are worth competing for . newline newline and so it went . tales of the drake of games spread , and adventurers from far and wide came to seek fortune . warriors seeking legendary weapons , scholars searching for tomes of forbidden knowledge , children desiring a trinket to impress their friends , kings that wish to increase their fortune . newline newline all challengers are welcome .the main boulevard is bustling with activity . a human selling freshly caught fish , haggling with a kobold family . a tailor selling fabrics and clothing from several dozen cultures , fantastical colors shimmering in the light of the sun . a wizened old crone shows off an assortment of magical trinkets to a child , whose eyes shine with awe as the little wooden faeries flit around the miniature tree , leaving glowing trails in their wake . the metallic clang of an orc banging on redhot steel reverberates through the street , while his wife assists an elf with his newly bought platemail . the smells of a dozen types of food , fish , steak , chicken , potatoes , apples , the occasional tang of a citrus fruit , all permeates the air . newline newline the bustle of life goes on , as the gas giant starts to rise above the reds , blues , greens , and yellows of the roofs of the trade stalls , a vibrant swirling sphere of vibrant purples , reflecting the light of its distant blue star . newline newline and down below , the creatures walk along , just trying to make their way in the universe .friday evening every television in the dominion clicked on . this was nothing new . live executions have been aired at this time for nearly ten years . every citizen of the dominion was required to watch . they had seen thousands killed in elaborate ways , all of them cruel . these broadcasts served a harsh reminder of what would happen if one found themselves on the wrong side of the law . newline newline tonight harry rourke would die . his crime of slander against the dominion was deemed punishable by death . the camera showed supreme leader toyo sitting front row . he always attended executions . many said he enjoyed them . after his crimes were read harry received his last words . newline newline  ave , imperator , morituri te salutant ,  said harry with a grin . newline newline supreme leader toyo stood up and replied ,  ah , i see you are a bright young man man mr. rourke ... aut non .  newline newline after the last words had been spoken it was time to see what the method of execution would be . workers strapped harry up to a device and the audience was told of tonight s method . if harry stopped talking the device would send an electrical current through his body . these shocks would start out small and increase every pause in his speech . newline newline harry began his speech . telling the viewers of his story . how his wife was sent to a work camp for refusing to sleep with a corrupt enforcer . told the enforcers came into his home and murdered his child as punishment for his wife s failed escape attempt . harry followed his story with encouragement . the people of the dominion did nt have to stand for this . he spoke of great rebellions of the past . if it was done before then it could be done again . newline newline several hours into his speech the shocks were starting to cause real damage . the pain was making it hard for harry to continue so the shocks came more frequently . this is when the supreme leader expected harry to break . this was when the example was to be made . the point where the people realized that if they did nt keep their mouths shut they would suffer the same terrible fate . every execution was planned out by top psychologists to make sure it struck fear in the citizens , and it always work . newline newline it always worked until now . they could not break harry because he was already a broken man . a shell of a man who only lived to spite those who had wronged him . he kept going on with his speech even as the smell of burning flesh began to fill the execution room . eventually harry was reduced to simply repeating the words ,  stand up .  newline newline four hours into the broadcast the execution was not having the expected result . the broadcast was cut and harry was promptly shot . the people had already heard his message . the people of the dominion stood up .we were standing outside the restaurant where i d meet her new boyfriend . and she would meet mine . newline newline i tried not to look at her hands . the ones i used to hold that one year earlier had given me the key for what used to be our apartment . i tried not to look at the lips i used to kiss that one year earlier would tell me she was nt in love with me anymore . i understand . things change . people change . i ve changed . i hope she understands how much i ve changed ... newline newline  listen , tanner ...  she looked down at her feet ,  it s good to see you again . i hope this is nt going to be too weird . you were my best friend ... i never wanted to lose you . i miss you .  newline newline i paused . she was my best friend too . things got so hairy after she left , i wished i still had her to rely on when my family alienated me and i was forced to leave my church . but i did nt . i had no one , and it was her fault . she could never understand what i went through after she left me , and i hated her for it . but instead of saying all that , i simply said ,  i miss you too . shall we ?  newline newline we left the cold winter air into the humid , stuffy italian restaurant . ella approached the hostess and gave her name , and we both were led to our table . the walk felt like a million years . what would she think ? would she even stay ? i remember her constantly talking about how she did nt approve of this kind of lifestyle and could nt fathom how anyone could live in such great sin . god , i hated it . even then i hated it . but , it s in the past . what matters now is that she sees logan and we have a peaceful dinner as two people who have moved on . newline newline we rounded the final corner to our table and when i saw logan i hardly noticed the woman sitting across from him . both logan and the woman stood up , and ella went and put her arm around her . newline newline  tanner , this is dom . my girlfriend ,  she said , with a smile on her face glancing over to logan . i looked to logan , shocked . he was smiling . that piece of shit , he knew the whole time . i love him . newline newline with a sigh of relief , i sit down and say ,  people change .  sarah s problem was she was an idealist  said the 92 volvo with the black rubber bumpers .  look at all these bumper stickers  here she performed a neat threepoint turn to display a back bumper wallpapered with colorful tags .  there s no way that someone that highly principled can function in the real world . plus , she smoked way too much weed .  newline newline the saturn , the dented 4runner , and the flatblack vespa all nodded . on the far side of the room , the audi and the benz looked scandalized . newline newline  weed ! ?  said the audi , her voice smoky and mature ,  sarah would never ! she s a d.a . for christ s sake !  newline newline  have i got news for you , sister !  said the 4runner , shaking with laughter and sprinkling the clean white floor with a faint rain of rust .  let me guess sarah got rid of her dreads too by the time she climbed in your fancypants leather seats ?  newline newline the audi said nothing , but sarah could feel her headlights boring into her . people were right , those halogens were way too bright . newline newline  yes , ok , i used to have dreads . is that a sin ?  newline newline  no .  said the angel . he was lounging behind his marbletopped desk , his feet crossed at the ankles and resting on the corner of the giant stone slab . disconcertingly , he was wearing a pair of fivetoed shoes , the velcroatthetop kind . catching sarah s stare , he winked and wiggled his rubberclad toes . newline newline  i let the guy who invented these in on principle .  he said .  you know , the best footwear ever created was made by god .  newline newline  i have something to say ,  said the saturn . she rolled forward , brakes squealing slightly as she jerked to a toosudden stop .  sarah has a good heart . maybe she ... changed a little since she was with me , but  newline newline  you mean grew up ?  called the benz , speaking for the first time . her voice was haughty and cold , it gleamed as brightly as her chrome accents .  put aside childish things , as the bible would say ? good thing she did if you all cared for sarah then you would have wanted her to be happy , for her to succeed . and clearly  a note of smugness crept into the benz s voice , and it blinked its hazards coyly ,  she did .  newline newline  ohhh fuuuuck you .  said the volvo .  look sarah rode around in me when she could barely drive at all do you know how many things i ve hit with these rubber bumpers ? anyway , the point is nt whether sarah did or did not succeed , it s whether she kept her soul . sarah ?  newline newline sarah was avoiding looking at the volvo . newline newline  are you still a vegetarian ?  newline newline the meat is murder sticker was placed carelessly on the back bumper , wrapping around so that the red plastic showed on the side . newline newline  um , no .  said sarah , still not looking at the volvo . newline newline the saturn gasped . newline newline  i was anemic !  said sarah , trying desperately to defend herself against the imperious gaze of her first two cars .  my doctor said  newline newline  i.. i need a moment .  said the saturn .  i m just going to roll my windows up and blast some phish that should calm me down .  there was a long pause .  you ... you still listen to phish ... do nt you ?  newline newline sarah did nt reply . newline newline  i listen to phish .  said the angel , unhelpfully . newline newline  i think i can clear some things up .  said the vespa . she rolled with a graceful putting sound into the center of the room .  hi , everybody . hi . i m the vespa sara s transport during her twoyear stay in barcelona .  she pronounced it barthelona  . newline newline the atmosphere in the chamber grew chilly none of the cars in the room seemed to know what to make of this slim , trendy scooter in their midst . newline newline  sarah did a lot of growing up in spain , she really found herself , you know ?  newline newline  oh , god .  said the audi . newline newline  spare us .  said the benz . newline newline  anyway ,  the vespa s tone grew more icy .  i think you re all holding on to sarah as you knew her your favorite sarah , when really , she s all of those people . the idealist and the pragmatist . the sinner and the saint . we had some wild times in barcelona , by the way you must visit , it s gorgeous  newline newline  get on with it !  called the 4runner . newline newline  and i can say that , although she s not perfect , i think sarah is fundamentally a good person .  newline newline there was a general muttering from the assembled cars . newline newline  meh .  said the 4runner . newline newline  yes .  said the saturn , emphatically , her voice still obviously wobbling with emotion . newline newline  yeah , i think so .  said the volvo , although she sounded as though she had her doubts . newline newline  you ca nt prove she is nt .  said the audi . newline newline  that s a double negative .  said the benz in a condescending tone that did not endear her to anyone .  but yes , i think she s a good person .  newline newline the angel nodded slowly , wiggling his toes in a thoughtful way . newline newline  ok.  he said at last .  here s your holy garage door opener .  he tossed sarah a rectangular device with an oval button in the middle .  do nt lose it .  newline newline  what happens if i lose it ?  said sarah , her voice tinged with fear . newline newline  then we have to reprogram the gate to heaven and give everyone new clickers and it s a real pain in the ass .  said the angel .i cut a tree , newline newline somebody died . newline newline i never knew , newline newline so i never cried . newline newline but one night when the moon was out , newline newline with my shoulders bare and my back stout , newline newline i minced with my axe a young yew , newline newline orphaned birds and woody sinew , newline newline as i did i felt a tug round my gut , newline newline my own belly i had somehow cut . newline newline i collapsed pondering the riddle , newline newline of why i suddenly had an emptying middle . newline newline i stared at the fallen tree , newline newline and the answer suddenly came to me . newline newline all those innocents i had sent up coughing , newline newline so i could build them a sturdy coffin . newline newline i might have wept , newline newline i might have sighed . newline newline though this is all moot , newline newline as i had already died .the human transmission was full of static for a moment . a single , grizzled old man appears on the stage . newline newline  ... is this thing on ? great . listen hear you xeno fucks . my name is commander puller , many of you have lost brothers to me . it took the entire combined force of the council space to stop our advances . sure , you won the battle of andromeda . how many millions did you lose to destroy a single ship ? you may have pushed us out of orions belts , but how many of your worlds burned ? newline newline now you have arrived at earth with the largest fleet ever assembled . bravo gentlemen . but here s something i bet you never thought of ... we are nt fucking on earth .  the commander begins to laugh . newline  now , i know you guys have pooled all of your forces and all of your credits and all of your soldiers for a glorious showdown . but fuck them and fuck you . your ships may be numerous , but are they faster than a star going supernova ?  newline newline our sensors began to go crazy newline newline  sir ! the life scanners are showing no human lifesigns on earth !  newline oh shit . newline newline  yeah great job dumbfucks . burn in hell . puller out  there is fuck all special about the birthmark  said draco , trying to keep composed as he walks by an old man emanating childlike excitement . the shape of the birthmark was definitely the shape of a dragon . draco could nt possibly be the chosen one to tame the beasts and bring peace to the land reassuring himself of the impossibility . newline newline as draco is walking home to his house deep in the forrest he trips on a rock and cracks his forehead . he wakes up 2 days later in his own bed .  you re awake !  his mother said .  we found you 2 days ago passed out on the trail to the house  . draco felt weird . a good kind of weird . he looks down at his body and he is shredded to the gills and grew some chest hair .  mom , i am the chosen one  he whispered .  then you know what you need to do  she said . newline newline draco gets his equipment and his horse ready to make the trip to the dragon lair to confront the queen of all dragons . before he even begins his journey the queen of all dragons shows up at his house . turns out that draco was nt the chosen one and still the same timid boy he had always been . with one swipe of her claws draco was ragdolled as his mother stood in horror and regret . newline newline the end newlinethe small child sat there on the old man s lap , balancing on one leg as she swung her legs in the breeze and played with his long white beard . her sapphire eyes stared up at him in wonder , showing amazing patience for her age as she waited for his response . she was a cute little thing that never ceased to surprise the old man . newline newline the old man steadied her with an arm around her waist as his cloudy eyes searched for a way to put his response into words . he was brought back by a small whine from under his chin as the girl began to grow weary of waiting . turning to her , he caught sight of an old toy on the shelf . newline newline  alright , young one . go fetch that colorful cube on the second shelf ,  he said as he pointed . newline newline the little girl let out a little yip of excitement as she bounded across the room to retrieve it , marveling at the matching colored squares on each side . her return was slower as she rolled the small box in her hands to see every one of its six colors . keeping her eyes on the cube , she climbed back to her spot before reluctantly relinquishing it to the old man . newline newline he showed his thanks with a small kiss on her forehead , his beard tickling her cheeks . he held out the toy and with a few quick movements , shuffled the colors all about the different sides . the girl squealed in protest ,  why d you do that , grampa ? it was so pretty !  newline newline  to answer you question , my dear . you see the world is much like this little cube ,  he smiled at her quizzical look as he continued .  it s mixed up place , but still beautiful . see how the mixed colors make interesting patterns ? the red and blue together next to these yellow ones , and see this side has three greens ?  newline newline the girl clapped her hands at that ,  the green is my favorite .  newline newline  i thought you would like it . see the world is full of mixtures that just add to it s beauty .  newline newline  but what about when all the sides are the same ?  the girl asked . her nose scrunched as she listened to the old man s words . newline newline  aw you have stumbled upon this cubes other lesson ,  he smiled down to her as a proud look shone on her face .  you see the world is full of challenges . challenges you ll have to twist and turn ,  he began to twist the sides of the cube ,  in order to solve .  he smiled down to her as he showed how one side had become all green . newline newline the child reach out and grasped the cube , accidentally twisting one of the sides and ruining the perfect side . she turned to the old man , afraid she messed it up .  oh no , i m sorry .  newline newline the gentile smile never left the old man s face as he continued .  it s alright , you see in this world many may come and set you back on your challenge . but if you keep at it , you can get even further than before .  he turned the cube over once more to show it now had two sides completely solid . the girl clapped in delight . newline newline watching him seem to mix it up again , she gave a confused snort .  you see sometimes , you must go back to move forward ,  he explained .  and with a little help ,  he said bringing the cube to her hands with a whispered turn this one .  she grinned with excitement as she gave the final turn to make each side solid once more .  you can always succeed . the phone rang exactly three times , before the receiver clicked , and a voice  from someone who clearly gargled gravel  came over the line . newline newline  how did you get this number.  newline newline it was weird they would choose such a confrontational guy to answer the phone , but , well , whatever . maybe he was a special hire ? newline newline  vito  s , right ? my friend recommended you . he said you do delivery ?  newline newline the voice on the other end chuckled .  yeah . yeah , we do delivery . your friend , huh ?  newline newline  yeah , he said you guys were really good , and quick , too.  newline newline  we pride ourselves on our reputation . never heard a complaint after . whaddya want ?  newline newline  yeah , he said to ask about the special ?  newline newline  oh , the special , huh ? we got us a connysewer over here . ok , the special . how you want it ?  newline newline  all the toppings , please.  newline newline  all the toppings ? !  you mean ... even the thing with the peppers ?  newline  yeah yeah , of course i want the peppers !  newline newline  well , ok , whatever you say , pal . we aim to please.  newline newline  and can i get it cut into eight pieces , please ?  newline newline the voice on the other end made a small disgusted noise .  cut into eight pieces ? you want it cut up ?  newline newline  yeah , of course i want it cut up !  newline newline the voice on the other end paused . newline newline  listen , man , we can do disposal , you know . we box it up for you  newline newline  well , i  d hope so . i mean , it  s your job to  newline newline  you ain  t got ta get it cut up or anything.  newline newline  what the hell do you mean i  don  t have to get it cut up  ? ! how the hell else am i gon na fit it on a plate ? !   newline newline there was a noise on the other end of someone being ill.  you , you  re a real sicko , you know that ?  newline newline what ? these clowns don  t even know how to deliver a goddamn pizza , and now they  re judging me ? !  newline newline  you  ve got some nerve ! you want me to order one for you ? ! show you how it  s done ?  i don  t care , i know seven , eight  other places that  ll do it exactly how i like it and i guarantee you they  ll be there in half an hour , or less !  newline newline  whoa , whoa ,  okay buddy , okay.  the voice on the other side sounded oddly shaken , which didn  t make a whole lot of sense to me , seeing as how i was offering to pay and everything . maybe it would look bad for them ?  let  s not get too crazy , ok ? i didn  t say i wouldn  t do it , alright ? jesus !  newline newline  so , how much ?  newline newline  twenty . half now.  newline newline  what , like a deposit ? you take discover , right ?  newline newline   are you kiddin  me ? !   newline newline  listen , i  ll have cash on me when you come to deliver . i  ll pay you then.  newline newline  wait holy shit , you want this for you ? !   newline newline  well , duh . who did you think it was  newline newline click !  newlineso , i ve been in hell for a little while now . turns out lucifer is nt that bad . getting into heaven is way harder than it looks , and lucifer is nt in the mood to torture people for being who they are , as he put it  kinda odd that god gave ya free will then condemns all sins , right ?  . hell itself is not too shabby a place . essentially everyone is here , so it just becomes a giant gettogether . newline newline so lucifer wanted to talk to me the other day . turns out i forgot one last thing about being in hell : having sex with a goddamn succubus . lucifer had taken a liking to me , so he introduced me to his daughter . we got to know each other , and got down to business . sex with satan s daughter is pretty good , if i do say so myself . newline newline sometimes , the devil is nt the bad guy .okay . here s a prompt . newline newline newline  lottery tickets are so unlikely to win that it s almost like lighting your money on fire . however , there is an miniscule chance of victory , which everybody thinks about when they are paying for it and all the way back home , and even when they discuss the money with their friends . i propose that buying a lottery ticket is not actually buying a chance to win , it is buying the right to fantasize about how you would use the winnings . newline newline i do nt know what the prompt is in there , but i think it s an interesting idea . interpret it as you will . newline newlinehello , john. he looked up . this was nt his normal monologue voice , and it did nt appear to be coming from the room . he shook his head and went back to work . newline you ca nt ignore me . we need to talk. the office was a noisy environment , and he went to the bathroom to get away from it . we do nt need to talk in private , we can talk anywhe the voice was cut off when he walked into the restroom and approached a urinal . newline newline aaahhhhh , that s better , he thought . yeah , i ve been holding that for far too long. a different voice said . when are you going to make me feel good again ? seriously , it s been a bit of a dry run for you , and i m not talking about what you do alone . i can tell the difference. chimed in another voice . newline newline john froze at the urinal , looking down . yeah , he s looking at you . brain , is he trying to remember how long it s been since he had sex ?  yet another voice joined into the cacophony . no , he s currently terrified because he s hearing many voices in what he thinks is his head . quiet down , all of you. a coworker entered the restroom , and john tried to casually make his way to the sink and wash his hands . newline newline you realize what these skinny jeans are doing to both of us , right ?  quiet , you ll get your turn . there s more pressing matters .  newline newline he reached for the faucet , but could nt move .  i apologize for the demonstration , but we re quite real . we re your organs and we need to communicate with you .  his vocal chords spoke words he did nt say . he looked over at his coworker , terrified , who gave him a panicked look and rushed out of the bathroom forgetting to wash his hands . newline newline i m terrified . what are you doing ?  a new voice spoke . great , fight or flight response . should have known that the subconscious was nt going to be helpful. oh god oh god , i m going nuts , he thought , regaining the ability to move and splashing water in his face . he looked into the mirror to see his terrified look turn into a horrifying smile . newline newline see ? everyone s happy. a new voice , yet again . when would they cease , he thought . stop it this moment , that s not going to help. he sprinted out of the bathroom towards his desk . this is nt a good state he s in , we need to calm him down and stop him from running. gotcha , i ll stop him. no , not that way !  his legs crumpled beneath him , and without control his head quickly smashed against the ground . newline newline his conscious slowly fading , he heard a new voice . when are we going to talk about me ? i do nt feel well. soon , pancreas , soon . brain will be awake soon , and he can smooth things over . just be positive. easy for you to say , heart. everything faded to black . newline newline eyes , where are we ?  do nt know yet brain , ca nt get them open . there we go , we appear to ... ... yep . we re in a hospital . you re a damn fine negotiator. i did nt have anything to do with this , i m still recovering . he should be conscious in a few minutes . next time legs , let me do the coordination. sometimes we like to go fast . and sometimes we like to stop. newline newline we ll talk about this later , he s coming to . john , we need to talk. john panicked , heart racing . hey , what are you doing to me ? knock it off , this hurts !  heart , i know . john , calm down . there s no need to panic. an alarm blaring , a passing doctor rushes in . newline newline  what s going on ? what are you feeling ?  the doctor shined the light into his eyes hey asshole , that hurts !  doctor , i m ... .hearing ... ... ..voices .   let me give you some medication to help .  john , no , wait . we need to talk about pancr ... . the needle plunged into his arms , and for the first time in a while he heard silence . aaahhh , he thought , much better .i turned around . newline newline fifteen years of this job , fifteen years of looking at everyone else s head , and i have nt ever considered to look behind me . newline newline it s just my shadow . i suppose . sometimes i see the people i ve helped , the people who have gone on their way ... most have just had a few minor issues , something common and normal ... and i do nt suppose what i have right now is common or normal . newline newline they used to call people with my job an alienist . someone who works with alienation . sometimes , i wonder how people who are alienated really feel , if they can feel the blood oscillating perpetually across their faces like a brigade of marching oxygenated soldiers , advancing , retreating , advancing , and retreating . i can feel my blood in absolute waves . newline newline it was three days ago that this happened . three days since i ve slept , three days since i ve breathed with a calm and pacific mind , collected as i commonly am . newline three days ago i saw a whisper and heard a buzzing of lights behind me , some odd and lysergic muddling of senses that i do nt really know how to classify with my disoriented state at the moment . newline newline i ve ruled out all of the other possibilities  i m not ill , that i am certain of , and i am certainly not dreaming  although if i were i d be concerned similarly  because there is a certain odd lucidity about me that is nt remotely dreamlike . i have nt consumed anything of questionable value . thus i ve concluded in finality , that i am in some way entirely insane . yet somehow , i realize this , which disorients me to even further heights . newline newline there is nothing behind me . i ve turned back around to my desk and my mirror , and i see only myself .charlie looks over toward the border wall  lost , emotional , exhausted . the sound a static plays on a nearby radio  long hours of listening , waiting have taken their toll . newline newline elaine , the eldest of 7 asks gently ...  papa , can you tell us the story about uncle eurus .  newline newline  yes , charlie , please do tell us  anything to distance our minds from of all this death .  newline newline  oh , alright . dorothy ... should i tell the kids everything ? one of these times they need to hear everything..  newline newline  yes charlie , everything ...  dorothy coldly replies . newline newline charlie walks down by the children . old bones creaking , he twists into a comfortable position by the children and rests his back against the old sofa . you know kids , its been a great many years since our old president donald trump completed the border walls . should our countrymen live to have a history , as a people , it will always show his intentions were more than kind . but regardless of the politics , our family benefited quite nicely from the walls . newline newline you see , back about 18 years ago , uncle eurus had just received his doctorate in chemistry . eurus was cunning and adventurous . a quick smile faster than a racehorse , and bright like the north star . he could sell anything to anybody , but he was nt just a good salesman  he was also a genius . newline newline just out of college , he founded a startup making a boutique drilling fluid for the oil and gas industry  using a chemical composition that nobody had tried prior . through a distillation of a very few , cheap , and readily available chemicals  he was able to achieve what others could only dream . the hydraulic properties were unheard of . this fluid was magic and eurus knew it . i remember that like it was yesterday , eurus had pulled me out of school and asked that i come work for him . he said , devilishly , that his new formula amplified pressure . newline newline i can see by your face ... yes , you heard that right . amplify pressure . newline newline we were able to market this liquid to oil and gas producers who could use this as a hydraulic fracturing fluid . due to its properties , it required less powerful equipment than traditionally required to get significantly greater than traditional gains . we were making money like thieves  it was fun then . he d walk in to refill his coffee mug and shoot that smile and say  double the price today  . and we did . we did this for a long while , and no matter what price he asked  the money never stopped . newline newline eurus was kind to us , his family  and we have never had to want as a result . these evaporators , that desalination station down there  we d have been surly be without them . in the early days , its one of the the only things that had virtually guaranteed our survival . well , that and our wall . newline newline eurus  connections in the oil industry allowed him capital to follow pet projects and when the then newly elected president trump announced to build his border wall  eurus knew he wanted to be part of it . not that he wanted to actually divide land or stop access , but because he knew  we all did  that he could develop a way to do it better . newline newline one thing i have to say about that president is that the program he devised was wonderfully crafted . it had a set budget to complete the wall and entrants had to sign a guarantee of death should they not complete their obligations . i was nervous , but eurus knew he d succeed . newline newline the teams would complete during a penalty free vetting competition and then the team with the most clever solution was to be the sole contractor for the wall . they could have 12 of every dollar they saved if the project came in under budget , if their solution failed  they died . the potential was too tempting for eurus . newline newline our company started working on a solution , in advance of the official start of the competition . one morning eurus had done it , he had discovered that a slight modification used in the production of his drilling fluid , when processed through a vacuum , made it bond with naturally occurring elements found in the soil such as lignite and silica which created an fast hardening , workable solid . newline newline now , i do nt know all the science , but i do know that for pennies he could build a city . using the soil around him and basically what was a plastic netting , he could create a virtually impenetrable structure . these walls here on our family property , all around us , were put here by eurus when he was testing this product . newline newline his invention satisfied the charter of the project easily and within one week of the competition  he had been awarded the contract and eurus was able to utilize his invention to complete the southern wall . newline newline when the southern wall was complete a few weeks after the project started  president trump then wanted to secure the northern border . so eurus continued on as the project director for that project , in less than 6 months he was complete and our country had a northern and southern border wall . newline newline eurus had been able to complete both of these walls for less than 13 of the original budget for just the southern part of the project . unfortunately , when eurus went to collect his earnings  president trump would only pay out on one condition  he had to sign over all intellectual property on the invention . i remember sitting there with eurus , he was ok to do this  his opinion was that he could just invent something else . after all , he was gifted . i was worried that he was showing all his cards , and losing the ability to bargain . i fear i was right . newline newline shortly after the president had full control of the technology and was able to utilize and deploy it , the president did something that nobody expected . he started building a wall along our border , separating our sate from the rest of the country . we were all furious , but none more than eurus . he confronted the president and the president had eurus taken into custody . the president made an example out of eurus and fashioned a chamber in the middle of the california border wall and entombed your dear uncle . we all were ... are , devastated ... newline newline  exhale s sharply  newline newline i hate the man for taking my brother , but i thank him for building that wall . you see . we looked at the wall initially as a reason to be kept out of the rest of the country  but it was more than that  he deported to our state anyone who believed in science , maths , or anyone who questioned him . this caused our population here to grow  our state was bursting at the seams and more arrived every day . we had lack of water , food , and the sewage and fighing was immense . we . here , inside our walls , were somewhat separated from the bulk of the violence , however ... and quite wonderfully , this did nt go on for ever . one thing that the president did nt consider is that having smart people on this side of the wall allowed us to do something they could nt do over there  think . newline newline through the transferring of knowledge and a focus on educating women and children we were able to slow population growth in our state , while its still tight here  its getting better every year . we have developed processes to turn our deceased into food for the earth  not wasting valuable farming land on memorials . desalination and natural evaporators are how we get our fresh water . the sun provides our electricity ... we were able to grow and develop infrastructure using the natural resources available to us in this state and eventually create something sustainable and perfect . all of this , while the rest of the country had locked us up and threw away the proverbial keys ... newline newline now , on the other side of our border , while we were growing utopia here , something sinister had happened . in his quest for power , the president had tried to extend his existence on this earth . well beyond his years , and on the verge of a natural death , he had utilized a russian scientist he imported to develop an experiment with a type of chemical fountain of youth . some how , i do nt know how , he had corrupted his body . he became , effectively , a zombie . newline newline the sickness spread rapidly and continued to destroy his body and he developed a thirst for blood  intercepted radio chatter made it sound like his rampages and killing sprees were insane . he d lock up groups of people in camps and then ravage them until nothing recognizable remained of their corpses . as they lay there , infected , rodents and animals were working spreading the sickness . eventually , infected critters would contact a person and the sickness spread again . now  see , from what we understand , the sickness spread through contact ... churches , banks , etc . all became places to transmit and spread this disease . the incubation period was months , however it has been said that after a week you were infections all while thinking you were not sick . newline newline across the whole of the country , the sickness ravaged our once countrymen . fortunately the sickness was only contained by the border fences which were constructed , effectively saving california , canada and mexico . newline newline it was about 2 years ago when we realized the infections were not going to stop . today , i only hear static when listening to their communication frequencies . i fear the worst . i fear they have all fallen . newline newline newline newlinethe man had an ultimatum . he had to play god . newline newline good thing he was born of the light . newline newline  where there is a will , there is a way  . the ruler said to himself aloud . knowing that the fate of the world rests in his hands . newline newline  no ! we have to modify this disease ! it will kill its hosts off and be rendered nonvolatile !  screamed the scientist in front of his peers trying to rally them . newline  if we kill modify the virus to kill the host , sure millions will die , but the virus will cease to spread .  newline newline  i have always hated the mundane and linear minds you scientists permit yourselves to be crunched into . my word is law , and the law says that the people must be cured ! not murdered..  newline newline  bu  newline newline  listen to me you goddamned fools !  screamed the ruler , finally losing his legendary sagacious patience after 10 years of leading .  if we modify this virus , we can find a way to stop it from spreading , by killing its hosts.. you know what that is ? that is genocide . you want us all to commit genocide . you want me to be the next adolph hitler . no . we will not have this . if we attempt to modify this virus , it could mutate and become even more virile and even more virulent . then billions of people will die . no . we will work with everything we have to cure this . we will let this virus run it s natural course while we simultaneously cure it . only then can we manage it . we can not manage it by changing the nature of it completely and mutating it ! then it will only adapt exponentially .  newline newline  cure the disease , find cures for the disease , as many as possible , anything , think outside the box.. but if you make any further notion of committing genocide upon my people , i will bring back capital punishment , just for you .  newline newline the group of scientists looked among themselves and nodded and reached an accord .fuck . shit . those were my words as i saw the two gummy bears disappear into the gaping hole that were my nephew s mouth . why in the hell would i leave two gummy bears , both filled with lsd , on my living room table ? it did nt matter now , i promptly dropped the tray of cookies , on which i spend an embarrassingly long amount of time . i slid right in front of his little firetruck . he just stared at me as a smile formed on his lips . newline newline  billy ! ?  i tried to remain calm , but it did nt work . i spouted out his name while my heart was racing to see how quickly i would have a heart attack . i awaited his response for what seemed like a decade to me : newline newline  uncle grotty ?  newline newline  billy ! ?  newline newline  the room is spinning !  he proclaimed before bursting into maniacal laughter . i could feel the sweat freeze on my skin . was this a deadly dose ? i do nt know this shit ! newline newline  billy , why do nt we have a little nap ?  i said with a smile , but also with a voice breaking like a world war ii signal : newline newline  but uncle grotty ...  newline newline  what ! ?  newline newline  there s a creeper on your head !  newline newline really ? out of all possible wonderful lsd combinations , he got a minecraft trip . just my luck : newline newline  okay , let s go to the couch .  newline newline  no !  newline newline  why not ! ?  newline newline  the creeper is going to explode !  fucking minecraft : newline newline  it s not ...  newline newline  uhuh !  newline newline   he s a friendly creeper .  newline newline  there is no friendly creeper !  newline newline  i , uhh have a mod enabled !  newline newline  no you do nt !  newline newline  have you checked ! ? get . on . the . couch !  newline i had to drag him , but he listened . i sat by him a few minutes , watching him grasp the air around him . fortunately for me , , it did nt last more than fifteen minutes . he just blacked out . he was breathing fine and looked perfectly fine . even google told me he was fine ! newline newline to cut the story short , my sister arrived an hour later , and he was still sleeping . perfect . got out unscratched : newline newline  you got him to sleep ?  she immediately asked : newline newline  yup .  i proudly replied newline newline   mom ?  he woke up : newline newline  hello sweetheart , did you have fun with uncle grotty ?  newline newline  mom , why is there a creeper on your head ?  newline newline i got beaten by jumper cables . newlinehey mom newline newline not sure if you got my last letter . it s been a while . so i figured i d send another , in case it got lost in transition or something . i know i send a lot of these , but i really do like hearing from you . newline newline if you did nt get it , i asked about patrick . he started at the uc a month or so ago , yeah ? i asked how he s getting used to it  but he s a smart kid , he s probably transitioned well by now . is he still going through with engineering thing ? he was thinking of switching , but we could always use some more brainy engineers over here . kidding ! do nt take that the wrong way . newline newline dad s still not sent me anything . still mad , huh ? but even if it was just bitching at me , i d like to hear from him . try to pester him a bit more , maybe ? newline newline i hope this letter reaches you after the news . i do nt know how fast your post system is , but i ca nt hold onto this letter anymore . i do nt know what to say that wo nt sound hollow . newline newline he died shouting a warning to his squad . their retreat succeeded because of him . newline newline you should be proud of him . i do not think your war is right  you have no place here  but even so , you should be proud of him .the numbers choked him like a noose and his mind whirled in gibbet pirouettes . newline newline it had been such a simple game  click , and people died . click again , and more died . he remembered the way the screen seemed to burn his eyes when he leaned in too close and the gory spray that awarded every tap of the mouse . and who could have blamed him for playing ? video  as hushed tones deemed it  was hard enough to find . the dead man got a perverse sort of joy out of playing it : he knew that violence was bad , that had been drilled into him as a youth , but when he first clicked to open the computer game that all seemed to drip out of him like lost lies . the memories shuddered and clung to his grimy keyboard and died . he did not feel them . newline newline he knew he would get caught  somehow , they always knew . you forget to use a false flag ip or a suspicious family member sniffs around . somehow , you always got caught . and the penalty for it made the dying man shudder  he had seen the hollow eyes of those who came out of government testing , their dead fish eyes and the curdledmilk pallor of their skin . newline newline and so he sat quietly in his cell , legs shaking in front of his wire folding chair , and did not eat  he could nt stomach it . it was red vegesup . it reminded him of blood . newline newline you ll need to make a sacrifice  i told her , shrugging my shoulders . newline newline  what do you mean ?  she asked , partly concerned but mostly offended .  what do i even have ? we re in fucking hell ... i do nt even have any clothes ...  newline newline  ya  got skin ... blood ... eyeballs ... hands ... i do nt care . pick something and give it up !  newline newline she tapped her foot impatiently . i was sort of hoping she d sacrifice that awful fucking haircut . newline newline i cleared my throat and pointed down at my wrist where a watch would be if demons had any need to tell time . newline newline  well ...  she sighed  how about my hair ?  newline newline  perfect !  i said , chuckling to myself . newline newline fear sparkled in her eyes . newline newline i picked up a razor blade , sticky and covered in rust , from the dark stone slab i use in place of a desk . i gently pulled her wrist towards me and placed it in the palm of her hand . newline newline  go !  i said , choking back laughter newline newline she held the razer blade between her thumb and index finger eyeing it before she looked up again and spoke . newline newline  so if i make this sacrifice , you ll let me speak to a manager ?  newline newline  sure , why not ?  newline newline she eyed me suspiciously . newline newline  do it now before i change my mind  i told her sternly . newline newline she grabbed a bit of her hair and began to saw away at it with the dull blade . newline newline  all of it  i said , wagging my finger and shaking my head disappointedly .  ya  got ta start at the scalp  newline newline she shuttered and placed the blade at her hair line and again began sawing at her hair , this time blood began pouring down her scalp . newline newline  i do nt wan na  see any stubble ...  i told her , smiling and winking  newline newline she winced in pain as she sawed away the flesh on her scalp . her face was now covered in hot blood and tears rolled down her cheeks cutting through the dark red . newline newline  almost there  i told her encouragingly , although still in the most condescending tone i could muster . newline newline  she whimpered and continued peeling  newline newline i again pointed down at the imaginary watch on my wrist .  times running out !  newline newline she scrambled and began working faster , her hands shaking and struggling to grip the wet razer blade . blood bubbled at her lips and she let it roll down her chin . newline newline she whimpered and cried out as she gripped the last of her hair and scalp and ripping it from her bald blood soaked head . newline newline then she collapsed on the stone slab , panting and crying .  can ... i ... see ... him now ? newline newline i chuckled .  welcome to hell . learn to be a little less gullible  newline newline newlinei stared wide eyed at the creature who had bounded into the school cafeteria . a dead silence following the gentle click of the door . newline newline shit . newline newline shit shit shit shit shit . newline newline no one moved . the panting of the creature echoing across the floor . newline newline maybe we d be fine , i thought . as i slowly slid out of my chair and bent down across the floor . newline newline we d be okay . i repeated again , as i slowly tried to shuffle towards the exit on my right . three tables away . two tables . on newline newline a girl that was closest to the beast bolted away , screaming for her life . and the room erupted into chaos . newline newline stampedes towards the exits , to the windows , to anywhere that was as far away from that thing as possible . newline newline i tried to be the first one to the door . i could see my reflection in the door nob , but something hit me from behind and i knew no more . newline newline  newline newline i woke up to a near silent cafeteria . with horror , and nursing my headache , i walked to the door , putting my hand on the nob before i turned around . newline newline newline flesh . giant blobs of flesh were littered around the cafeteria , cloths hanging off them like fallen flags . i winced as i saw some poor soul who must have had a chain necklace on before the creature got in . everywhere i looked was fat flesh blobs of what had once been my classmates . i held no affection for them , i could nt , but i still felt the regret for the loss of so much life . newline newline a whine distracted my survey . a small , inquisitive whine . newline newline i looked down in horror to see the creature at my feet . newline newline a golden retriever puppy . it s little head turned sideways , ears sticking straight up . newline newline i could nt take it . newline newline i fell to the ground , sobbing . too scared to move , knowing what would happen next . i would never graduate . i would never get a love distrubuter . i would not live to see tomorrow . newline newline the puppy moved forward and began to lick my tears off my rapidly swelling face .as i looked at the phantasmagoria that lay before me , ridden with clowns without arms , jesters without jest , a balding porcupine , et al , i saw , coming up from below sandpike hill  which was named after one captain sandpike who fought in the great war of 1876 and who died on the very hill due to a mixture of low blood platelets and a bullet to the larynx , although the bullet seemed to be the main factor  and then over was a one armed , polioridden , hobbledehoy being lead by his nubile mother , who was wearing a victorian corset and nothing else , when , all of the sudden , the boy started shouting  attica , attica , attica   while his mother , then surprised , started shouting piously over him  our father , who art in heaven , hallowed by thy name  over and over again .to be chosen for this , to be selected for this , this duty to the human race , had seemed a signal honour . the first contact , the first to speak to another species , the first to see , to touch , to greet ! there would only ever be one first time , and i had been chosen . i would speak for seven billion people , i would stand as ambassador for my very species . in those moments , i would be above kings , above gods . i would be humanity s outstretched hand . nothing could be more prestigious a task . newline newline sand blasted my skin as we drove across the sahara , stinging like a thousand hellflies , and i made the mistake of yawning widely , receiving a mouthful of grit for my troubles . nobody had thought to mention this part in the gloriously patriotic briefing . i was nt exactly surprised . newline newline i spat a small dune over the side of the jeep as it bounced through the desert , grimacing into the wind through my purloined sunglasses and still getting blinded by the earlymorning sun . whose bright idea had it been to drive in from the west ? i cracked my neck , yawning , and tried to concentrate on my memories of yesterday s briefing , vainly calling up the image of the airconditioned government office thirty miles back west , remembering the caress of cool air and the words of the nervous scientists . newline newline   as you know , of course , the ship landed a week ago . well , fell , really .   i d known indeed . everybody in the western hemisphere had seen the fire in the sky , the slice of light that had carved its path across the heavens , flaring brighter than the sun . then it had gone . the reports had started coming in minutes later , every amateur telescope and satellite operator in the world all shouting in a dozen languages , shouting the same thing : spaceship ! it had seemed like a joke for all of five minutes . then all the governments had started releasing statements . newline newline   the ship was found two days ago , after a concerted effort by world satellite owners to cover the entirety of the african continent . it was surprisingly hard to spot , being golden as it is , but then gold is effective at radiation deflection so it s a plausible hull material for an interstellar craft .   newline newline one of the generals present , an egyptian , had hurried the scientist along brusquely . the thin woman had swallowed nervously . newline newline   yes . well , we found it . and now we re here to go and have a look . with our representative here .   she had gestured to me , and once again i squirmed uncomfortably under the eyes of the most powerful people in the world . prime ministers , generals , presidents , even the leaders of a few revolutionary cadres  everyone who was anyone was here , in this little office , rubbing shoulders with their worst enemies , and looking squarely at me . me ! a twentythree year old physics student from droitwich , undernourished and limping from a sprained ankle ! quite why i d been chosen , out of the global lottery that had taken place in hurried fashion  with the aid of a halfdozen ai to do the calculations  was beyond me . but the un had agreed that , as it was impossible to choose from all the world leaders without snubbing somebody , and using a celebrity would just look like the pinnacle of consumerism , that it was best to simply choose an ordinary person at random . therefore , me . a skinny englishman in a borrowed army shirt , cooking gently under the fierce desert sun , on his way to shake hands with an alien . newline newline the ship loomed suddenly , as i felt these things really ought to . from the golden dunes suddenly sprouted golden lines , sleek and smooth and sharp , like the pure , fundamental idea of aerodynamics given physical form , painted gold , and stood up on some stubby , industriallooking landing legs . the last feature was a little out of place , but nobody else seemed to notice . i did my best to look suitably awed  which i was , in truth , somewhere in my mind . i was meant to be a physicist , was nt i ? this would turn physics upsidedown ! but all i could think about was those terrible , constructionsite hydraulics that poked out of the bottom of the ship . it was reassuring . earth had nt exactly sent its finest champion . the aliens , whoever or whatever they were , clearly were nt perfect either . newline newline soldiers took up a carefully casual perimeter around the landed craft , bristling suddenly from the dunes like pointy , camouflaged ants . they did their best to loiter nervously beside their battered jeeps and tanks , naughty schoolchildren trying not to be caught smoking . this was the best compromise the armies of the world had managed to strike with the diplomats and scientists  an armed presence , but a ... relaxed one . that was the word the nato chiefs had used when they had firmly stated their final decision , ignoring a few dozen protests with that particular , calculated ignorance common only to policemen and soldiers . it was nt quite reassuring to me , as i stepped down from my battered steed , stretching sleepcramped muscles , but it would have to do . newline newline the lead scientist from earlier scurried over to me , looking even more out of place in the middle of the desert than i did , which was nice in a vindictive sort of way . she smiled apprehensively . newline newline  you remember what you re supposed to do ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline a political suit crawled up on my other side , an odious little man who d refused to leave me alone for the last week . newline newline  you remember the greeting protocols ?  newline newline  yes , i remember the sodding greeting protocols . anyone got a bottle of water ?  one was produced by the scientist . i sipped gratefully , then cleared my throat . i saluted up at the gaggle of world leaders who were occupying a blastproof  and probably airconditioned , the bastards  sort of offroad bus thing atop a nearby dune . newline newline  are the cameras rolling , or whatever ?  newline newline  yes , but we still need to run the opening slates for the networks .  this from a media man , even greasier than the politician . newline newline  will it take long ?  the golden ship called to me , a siren song , scant yards away . i could reach out and touch it . newline newline  five minutes .  newline newline i waited , unsettled , as a legion of men and machines dug in around me . cameras began to film , their operators soaked with sweat already , with their attendant newsreaders introducing affairs in a dozen tongues . soldiers idly scanned horizons , their guns carefully angled just slightly towards the ship . i needed a coffee . the sun was scalding me even through the thick cotton of the military shirt . time passed . newline newline  are they ready yet ?  newline newline  give them time . a few connection issues .  newline newline i looked from the cameras , to the golden ship , to the soldiers , to the ship . always to the ship . newline newline  sod it , i m going .  what were they going to do , shoot me ? newline newline as i strode towards the gilded vessel , i heard shouts of alarm from behind me , but nobody tried to chase me , to stop me . i was the chosen one , after all . i recalled every ounce of formality i d ever been taught in school or at home , straightening my back , squaring my jaw , removing my sunglasses , rolling up my sleeves . newline newline this was it . newline newline inside that ship was the first intelligent nonhuman life we d ever encountered . inside that ship was an honesttogod alien !  and i , a  very  mortal man , had been handed the duty of saying hello . i might just be the doorman , the receptionist of humanity , but i was damned if i was nt going to do this properly . this was everything i d never dreamed of , but always wanted . newline newline finding myself at the door of the ship , i looked up at its smooth golden surface , the same as the rest of the hull , but recessed . it was clearly a door . be embarrassing if they re some kind of phaseshifting light beings who do nt actually use doors , would nt it ?  newline newline knowing nothing else to do , i knocked , thrice . newline newline the door opened , sliding silently into the hull . beyond it stood a slim figure , a silhouette against the interior lights , an enigma , a mystery . it was humanoid , at least , but all other features were obscured . i could feel the hush behind me , the silence of anticipation louder than bombs . newline newline  um , hello .  the words were out before i could stop them , before the drilledin , overformal greeting could manifest itself . screw it .   i m will . nice to , um , meet you ?  i raised a hand , old instinct saving me . newline newline the shadowy figure stepped forwards , features resolving as the desert light flared , its eyes screwing to a squint against the sun . pale skin , dark hair , two ears , a nose oncebroken , a mouth narrow , but smiling . a familiar face . my face . newline newline  nice to meet you too ,  said the skinny physicist from alpha centauri to the skinny physicist from droitwich .  i m , ah , also will . hi .  newline newline we shook hands , a mirror melding . newline newlineit s been thirty minutes since i last checked my iphone 6 . francine had been calling all day with tedious messages about our sunday cruise to the beach . newline newline obviously she is as dense as most of our friend circle . let s be honest here , the only reason i hang out with these blowup dolls is because they re the only people on my street .  like hello  i shout . do nt people check their facebook or twitter anymore ? newline newline though if anything were to cheer me up it would be my sweet , sweet daddy . my papa bear who always comes to rescue me in my time of need . it s rather sweet actually  i ve never gone a day without wondering if daddy is thinking about me . newline newline what i m hoping for is a new car or maybe one of those yellow cats from the zoo we saw last week . though daddy can be awfully misguided when it comes to giving me things . as if i need a university fund or insurance when i ve got daddy ! newline newline the last thing i need right now is a case of stolen identity ! i ve seen enough procedural cop shows to know that many people are victims of stolen identity . honestly i did nt even know who this other ashley was until my mother started blaming me for her divorce with daddy . to even suggest i am even capable of programming or writing in html for a website is rather absurd even for her . but it does nt surprise me anymore . not after all this abuse from everyone . newline newline it s one thing blocking some creeps on your facebook and another when you have to literally close your account in hopes of gaining some control back in your life . even if i were to blame for this ludicrous scandal how dare they judge me . there is nothing worse than a sanctimonious prick who rubs himself to others but wo nt let others do the same . shame on everyone . shame , shame , shame ! newline newline maybe i ll go take a nap and hope it s all just a dream . newline newline newline fin .it s been nearly 40 years since it left our atmosphere . we did nt know what we were looking for , but today it appears we have found it . voyager has finally come home to us . from where , we do not know . i was just a boy when it left . i spent years wondering if we would ever find anything and what wonders we would discover upon its return . i have always been fascinated by the wonders that lied beyond the bounds of our earth . my bookshelves are lined with books on astronomy , extraterrestrial conspiracies , etc . and my computer is bookmarked with several websites on the topic of aliens . i ve always been enamored by the unknown . what secrets does it hold ? today was the day . voyager was sent back to earth with a message . the world would soon learn of the first contact made by life beyond our planet . i tuned in to the live broadcast made by the president for the reveal . newline newline  after 37 years of waiting , the day has finally come . the mystery of what lies beyond or atmosphere will soon be a bit clearer . brace yourself for what we are about to witness .  newline newline the world was silent . this was perhaps the most momentous discovery in human history . i held my breath as president obama began the video feed . after a few seconds of static , the video began with the familiar words  ... never gon na give you up , never gon na let you down , never gon na run around and desert you ...  that was the last we heard from the unknown species .supreme grand overlord barron trump raised his scepter and laughed . he looked to his side , looking at the defeatedbutimmortal hologram of hillary clinton , from back in the america days . the hillary shrugged .  ask him , not me !  her high pitched whine sounded just like real life . newline newline barron redirected his question to a being covered in a silky black suit .  ah . and you are ?  the thing laughed .  ted .  barron s eyes widened . was this a joke ? the united joke of america had been invaded by one man ? newline newline  ted who ?  he asked , gold crown shifting on his head . newline newline the man smiled cruelly . newline newline  ted , from accounting .  newline newline he brandished the pen of moneymaking , and stabbed barron in the chest . he took the annoying hillaryprojection and hurled it across the room , watching it break into a million pieces . newline newline ted had returned . now , truly , america would be great again ! newline newline plz no flame war , just some fun . :  newline i respect all people ! equal jests for all . newline newline edit : itches to pitched are you ever going to stop ragging on me every time i do well on a test ?  newline newline  when you re dead . newline newline  that s reassuring .  newline newline since birth , maria had been struck with a particularly awful affliction . it was nt a heart condition , or some autoimmune deficiency , or anything that could be tackled with mountains of antibiotics or preventative medicine . newline newline it was  eula  . newline newline eula was the personal navigational and guidance artificial intelligence that maria was assigned upon birth . they were meant to help people through life , encourage them to make good decisions , plot efficient routes to destinations , and etcetera . the keyword being , meant to . eula was different . newline newline eula purposefully suggested poor courses of action , demoralized maria whenever she was able , chose specifically long and inefficient routes , and generally made a nuisance of herself . the problem was , when you got a pngai , that was it . there were no doovers . it was assumed that , if a person s pngai acted out , it was their own fault . newline newline  ninetynine on a test ? you could have done better . newline newline  i suppose i could have , yeah . that extra percentage would have rounded it off at a clean one hundred  ,  maria replied , keeping a straight face as she looked over her test scores . mathematics was once a poor subject for her , but through eula s constant badgering , she d become quite great at it .  got any other comments , eula ?  newline newline  take the bridge route again today . newline newline maria smiled at the holographic image of her pngai , floating before her . the ais were able to project themselves out a short distance , from a machine attached to the head at birth . it was a bit of an inefficient practice , as the cybernetics had to constantly be tinkered with so as to not damage the brain , but usually having a pngai from the earliest point was for the best .  but if i took that route , we d both die ,  she said ,  you do nt want to die , right ?  newline newline  i d prefer hardware failure over looking at your face again . unfortunately , you do nt listen to me anymore . newline newline  if i spent my life listening to you , i d probably have died already ,  said maria , stacking her test papers neatly , before shuffling them off into her bag .  but at least having you around has made me toughen up .  newline newline  you should go to the bank today . newline newline  oh ? why s that ?  maria asked , as she stood . she finally made her way out into the halls  class had already ended some time before then . newline newline  so that i can say that you have a gun . newline newline  harsh . you d really get me arrested ? would nt that be bad for both of us , eula ?  newline newline  being arrested was not the design i had in mind . newline newline  remind me to shut you off if i ever have to go near a bank ,  maria said , gently sucking her teeth . newline newline  i will not remind you , in the hopes that you forget to do it . newline newline  maria ! is eula picking on you again ?  newline newline maria wheeled around to face the source of the shout . a girl of darker complexion stood nearby , with a holographic little fairy sitting on her shoulder . she was the poster girl for what a person with an average pngai looked like .  yeah , rae . she s being a bit disagreeable again .  newline newline  rough . i ve still never heard of someone s ai just screwing with them all the time ,  rae replied , shrugging shortly .  so , what s up ? any plans for lunch ? wan na go find somewhere to sit ?  newline newline  you should both sit on the railing at the top of the stairs , and then fall off . newline newline  sure , i m pretty hungry ,  maria said , nodding .  but let s sit firmly on the ground , instead of anywhere up high .  she and rae started walking again , as per their usual routine . newline newline  you have any suggestions , esrb ?  rae asked , turning her head toward the little holographic fairy on her shoulder . newline newline  that spot out in the back of the school with the tree is really nice !  newline newline  oh , right ! i know the spot ,  rae said , snapping her fingers toward her pngai .  that good with you , maria ?  newline newline  i calculate a 99  chance that the tree will fall over onto the both of you , so i must agree with this decision . newline newline  yeah , it s a nice spot ,  maria said ,  let s head there .  newline newline  actually , i believe the inside of the school s boiler room is much safer . you should attempt to gain access to it . newline newline  that s a great idea and all , but we ve already decided   newline newline  or perhaps the roof . i calculate a zero percent chance of a fall resulting in death or injury . newline newline  is this seriously all because i did well on my   newline newline  yes . newline newline maria sighed and finally shouldered her bag , decidedly not bantering with eula any longer . it could be fun for a while , but after many years of living with it attached to her head , the pngai s badgering would often get tiresome . newline newline   newline newline  whoops i used the wrong formatting type for what i wanted . oh well , fixed now i think . edit : i messed up twice , how embarrassing . once upon a time , a long long time ago , in a little cottage , on the edge of the woods , there lived two women . these women loved each other desperately , but they had to live far away from everybody  or the townspeople would call them witches and burn them . newline newline both women were beautiful , but they looked as different from each other as night and day . the first woman , who was called shadow , was tall and dark , with ebony hair and fierce eyes . the second was short and fair , and always smiled . her name was sunlight . they were very happy , in fact they could nt imagine ever living apart , but they shared one secret wish that would make them happier still . they wanted a son or daughter to dote upon . newline newline one night as shadow and sunlight lay entwined together in their bed , they were disturbed by a loud bump against the wall of their cottage . they went to see what had made such a sound and they could hardly believe their eyes when they saw a small weary looking boy sat against their house . newline newline oh , you poor little dear ! cried sunlight and she bundled him up inside . what are you doing here , so far from the town ?  newline newline the child looked nervous , but he bravely answered ,  i got lost . i was looking for help for my mother . sometimes , she gets things wrong , and so my father tries to teach her a lesson , but today after her lesson she was nt moving .  newline newline newline newlinethe smell of gasoline filled the hot and humid air . a red camaro s engine purred . today a murderer sat on the ground . his hands were cuffed and his legs were tied . the murderer was forced to sit up right faced the back of the car . he had been committed 5 years ago of not one , not two but 3 drunk driving hit and runs . today was the execution . newline newline the executioner chosen was one of the most creative . he chose the same car the murderer used in his reckless crimes and tied a rope to the back and the other end of the rope around the neck of the murderer . the car would take off as this piece of scum would watch the car speed away as the slack in the rope goes out and the rope and his crimes would catch up with him . newline newline the car took of , a trail of dust kicked up behind it . the murderer watched the car breathing heavy now with his eyes wide . the coils of ropes at his feet was disappearing fast . the engine was roaring in spite of complete silence around them . the last few coils were left and the killer started to sob watched his life get pulled by a rope . finally the thick rope ran out of coils and did nt stop for a second as it broke the neck of the murder and his head followed his murder weapon like a can behind a newly weds vehicle . she moved ?  newline  yes . i found a trail of blood , it was coming from the direction of the cliff .  newline  how long was she there ?  newline  i d guess about a day since the injury , then she woke up a few hours ago and started walking .  newline  how did you find her ?  newline  she was behind my house . i woke up this morning to get some plants the doctor wanted , and when i came back she was shivering by the back door . she had a lily over her blinded eye and was walking on a sort of crutch . she had nothing for her arm though .  newline  so she survived the night ?  newline  yeah . ca nt imagine though , it was raining to kingdom come last night . i heard knocking last night at the door . thought it was the storm . it was her .  newline  do you know who she is ?  newline  she s ... i thought i d never see her again . jack , she s ... marie . she s my daughter .  newline  oh max ... oh no ...  newline  she s in the back now . i ll fix her , like i fixed myself , i can do it again . i will .  newline  any idea who did it ?  newline  she was mumbling a name , something like the watcher  . she kept saying get out of my mind . he s obviously very strong .  newline  wait . you do nt think it s that watcher ? do you ?  newline  no ... not him , oh i hope it s not him . i thought he was long gone ...  newline  ask the doctor . he s old . he ll know .  newline  yeah i will . thanks jack .  newline  good luck max . keep me posted .  newline  okay jack . i ve got to work now .  newline  goodbye max .  newline  bye jack .  newline newline newline newline newline newlinethe suit was hulking and clumsy . the leggings were baggy and thick , the boots anchored in the heels . corina s shoulders hunched under the weight of the jacket and vest . last came the helmet . its outside appeared antiquated and reminiscent of early diver s headgear , but the inside was equipped with cutting edge tech . holographic displays illuminated and contoured corina s face while a steady stream of cool air flowed from above . she ran a check to ensure the suit operated without catch , then closed her eyes . she sighed and left the room . newline newline mission control was abuzz with technicians and engineers and men in nondescript suits that stared from a balcony to the left . corina walked slowly down the metalgrated walkway . her boots clunked and announced her entrance . the room hushed as all heads turned and all eyes locked onto her . suddenly there was clapping and wellwishing , but corina could nt spare her attention . her eyes were locked on the behemoth at the end of the pathway , a towering entrance , a mess of cables and lights and alarms . but mixed in with the modern was something ancient . runes climbed the stone frame like so many reptiles , appearing to move and shift . corina felt dizzy . newline newline  doctor smith !  called a voice somewhere below her . she snapped her eyes downwards and found a short man beaming up . his hands were intertwined and his forehead glistened .  i just want to express again my thanks and pride for your participation . no one on the board expected a volunteer , of all things . despite your offer , i can assure you that proper compensation will come . the board looks favorably on those who go above and beyond .  newline newline  corina blinked .  yyes , mr. palmer . my pleasure .  her eyes drifted back to the gate . newline newline  of course . on your mark , doctor .  palmer shuffled away and appeared a moment later on the balcony , smiling extravagantly . newline newline corina walked to the gate , stepping over a bright yellow line . she turned and gave a thumbsup . orange caution lights spun and the alarm buzzed . the wires hummed and vibrated . the machinery attached to the stone whirred . then the runes glowed a deep hypnotizing orange . corina thought they were communicating with her , or trying to at least . they squirmed and protested . abandon hope , she thought . newline newline a flash of red . the lights in the room sparked and sputtered , then died completely . only the light of the runes lit the desks and walls . an insidious silence crept through the space , a presence that seemed to consume any sound . a pen dropped , but any noise it might have made was swallowed by the nothingness . then the machinery that could be seen through the opening in the gate vanished , replaced by an unsettling darkness . corina got the impression of a great depth beyond the black , though she could nt say why . newline newline she turned , gave a twofinger salute , then stepped through into shadow . i need you to understand something before i kill you .  i m kneeling over him , his face cupped in my hands . newline newline  in sending you there first , okay baby ? i need you on the otherside .  even in his mangled condition with his left arm missing and a quarter of his blood splattered all around us , he s still the bastion of stoicism i d always known him to be . newline newline he nods .  i need you to be good , okay baby ?  newline newline a nod .  we re only going to be separated a little while . be good , i ll come find you okay ? be good .  newline newline another nod .  okay , baby . here it goes .  i ca nt look as i pull the trigger . i do nt look as i pull it two more times . he s still now . it s time i go look for him before anyone finds us .edit : if you re sensitive to graphic material do nt read beyond this edit . thank you ! newline newline  newline newline newline before he gave it to me he said ,  roll it smart , and never for your life  . i ve only broken that rule once , and it was an accident . but today , today i roll for my virginity . newline newline i m standing in the washroom with the door locked , she asked me to help her out while she takes a piss . she s drank too much and starts to throw up all over herself before losing balance and hitting her head off the corner of the sink . she lies now at my feet , blood gently flowing from the cut on her forehead.. newline newline alright , time to roll . i want to make love here without anyone finding out newline newline i stare over my balled fists at her limp , delicate body , clutching the dice so hard it does nt seem to be there anymore . i release fate to gravity , and its sweet cracks of plastic against tile ring out around us . finally it comes to a rest . newline newline 15.. 15.. i begin to tremble with anticipation , sweat beads my forehead and my breathe becomes a silent heaving . my pants are off , and i push her skirt over her underwear , hooking my fingertips into them and pulling them to the side.. i m in . newline newline oh god , baby , oh god it feels so good . mmm yes , yes.. aaahhh.. ah.. ahhhh newline newline i un sheath my 6.5dmg dagger from her fountain of life , it drips with the spoils of victory . i begin to put my pants on but its too late , a knock ! newline newline hey ! hey whos in there ! its been like 10 minutes i got ta take a leak ! !  newline newline when neither of us respond they begin kicking , kicking . the die ! one last roll to freedom ! but in my anticipation i ve shuffled it away from where it had landed . i m scrambling around the floor when the door burst in behind me , catching my ass and sending me head first into the glass plated shower in the corner . the glass shatters around me and i feel nothing and see only the shower floor pressed into my face . i see blood pooling rapidly around my folded nose and i try to take one last breathe , but i ca nt . there is a violent pain coming from my throat . i hear something before the world goes dark.. newline newline stacey ! oh my god was that fucking creep raping her.. hey , i m taking a lyrical writing class and was wondering if this short story was any good .  newline newline  newline newline words . newline newline i touched my hand to yours and we stayed up all night just talking . we spoke of our exlovers and laughed at our fears . we faced the morning with no coffee or tea but companionship . you put your head on my shoulder and i put my arm on your side . i told you facing my hand toward the wind felt like it was being held and you showed me that was nt all true . newline newline this is not love . newline newline our breath is heavy and we become us become one . is there anything dead or alive more beautiful than your body you asked me . there are sunsets in the late winter but i ca nt touch those , only look from a distance . so i tell you no . you kissed me again and although we had kissed a lot , this one was different and i knew i would remember it . the next morning i got up and made coffee and looked at your sleeping form and said i love you . newline newline this is not love . newline newline there s a way you bite the edge of your thumb and furrow your brow that makes me halfsmile and lose track of time . when i tell you , you smile quick and look down and your hair hides the red on your face . i ca nt believe someone can be that cute . but you are . you are what i thought could not be . this is why i tell you i love you . newline newline but this is not love . newline newline you sigh because you found a grey hair and i laugh because mine is gone . i frown because my stomach blocks my toes and you giggle remembering just before the kids . i ve got a bad memory , you ve got bad teeth . i ve got no hearing , you ve got no sight . they said two become one and now if you add us up , we are almost one person . i love that . i love you . newline newline and this is not love . these are words .as they crested the hill , sir conner slowed his horse to a halt . even from this distance , the colossus filled the horizon , its shadow looming over the plain of garrow as if the sun forgot to shine . conner nodded to the knight at his left , and he rode off towards the hamlet , leaving conner alone to face the titan . conner squinted , and throw the smoke he could make out the dim silhouette belonging to a temple of ileus . huddled inside , desperate villagers would be praying for deliverance with a reverence that had never been seen before . conner smiled , for they would be delivered , though not by their chosen patron . he smiled , because unlike them , he worshiped an old god , one whose power did not depend on the faith of his followers . unlike theirs , the birth of conner s patron was not within living memory , so old was he that even his name had been washed away by the river of time . no , conner s god was quite different from theirs  like the beast before them , conner s god simply was . he held out his hand , and light began to pour into it , pooling like water in a basin . as the giant loomed closer , conner remembered the words of his father , and hoped that he was right . newline newline  with faith , even an ant can move a mountain .  the address was mine , the package was nt . i had only met charles lutece , the previous owner of my apartment , once . he had been a quiet man , always seemed in a hurry and never seemed to go anywhere . he helped me move in , said it was the least he could do . at the end of the day , we shook hands , i paid him a small amount for his services and he left . newline newline i ve been getting his mail ever since . never envelopes , always boxes of various shapes , weights and sizes . i ve never opened one , until today . my curiosity got the better of me and now i ... i wish i had nt opened it . newline as i cut the tape , i felt alive . i m not a criminal , i stole my neighbor s gameboy game once , but i do nt frequently break the law . now i realize the package was meant for me . for someone at least . under the cardboard flaps there was a note .  this is the last one , enjoy the collection .  it said , in crisp penmanship . i removed the note , puzzled , a layer of bubble wrap hid a dark , oblong shape . i removed the layer of wrapping and threw the package down in shock . a gasp escaped me and nothing else . there , in the box sat the severed head of charles lutece . his hair shaved down to stubble , the life vacant from his eyes , his mouth gaping open . tears rushed down my face . newline newline i turned and searched the room , and found another package . it was addressed in the same way as the other boxes . i opened it , less carefully this time , there was no note , only charles lutece s right hand . i set the box down in horror , picked up my phone , and called the police . newline well , according to us law , insanity is defined as a person s inability to distinguish fantasy from that of reality , thereby hindering an individual s mental and physical functionality .  newline newline some commentator on an unnamed internet chat board smirks , rolling their eyes at the far cryinspired prompt . sipping on a twodollar bottle of coke zero and hungrily devouring a bag of imitation pringles , a student s oily fingers tap at the thin , black set of keys before them . their fingers tap incessantly on the table below , searching for the next set of words or inspiration for some snide remark . newline newline nothing comes . a fart tears through the room . a hand strokes through a neck , covered with the majestic bush of winter s hair . newline newline they move their cursor to press save , posting the short little ditty they d made up in a matter of minutes . newline newline op stands up at his screen , watching as the first response to this prompt be that of a some smartass trying to make themselves seem smart by making fun of an established meme . meanwhile , the writer continues back to search for a new tab , trying to find something new and fun to write about . by doing the same thing repeatedly , they d hope to find something to drive away the boredom . newline newline as that mohawkhaired antagonist of the video game that inspired this prompt would have put ,  insanity is doing the same thing over and over .  or something like that . newline newline the search continues , like every other midafternoon friday . 17  completed  answer selected : 2 newline newline unsure if your paranoid , or justified in your decision making , you get up and take a stroll through the swampy wasteland . the only thing that could be heard is the crunching of your own feet onto the twigs and sinking , wet marshland . you do nt make a move and listen to the ambiance of the night sky without a peep to be heard . agitated , restless and exhausted , you turn toward your pseudo camp before hearing the noise again . newline newline what in the world.. ?  you thought . newline newline just before you take another step , a hand reaches out from the muddy earth and grabs you at the ankles . you yank on your leg to break free , and break free you did . leaving the zombie with his arm still grasped to your leg . in a matter of seconds you hear mass crumbling of the earth , but ca nt see anything around you . newline newline what do you do ? newline newline  1 . shift into a lynx and make a run for it newline  2 . pull out your book of necromancy , and try to reanimate the undead newline  3 . shift into an elephant and make your stand newline  4 . stay unshifted and try to blend in with the surroundings newline  5 . dm s choicewe do not require or possess names , and it is improbable that we ever will . the purpose of our existence is to preserve equilibrium in this world from the anarchy and disarray attached to passing life into a comatose realm . being the spirit of magic , i was the second essence to come into the reality of this realm . i was one of ten spirits who assisted in choosing the overseers , or guardians if you will , of the corporal part of this world . we knew they had to be influential , especially if god was attempting to abide humans in the realm of existence once again . humans had never been an effective breed , but their potential was worth exploiting . as the first ten spirits , we came to the understanding that the guardians of this realm would need wisdom , strength , compassion , and most of all immunity to greed in order to trim the wild vines of humanity . newline newline it was decided that there would be two guardians . the yin and yang of this world , to balance each other in ways that would only befall the sanctity of peace . for the first time in my recycled existence , i chose to help name them . we watched them grow from single cell organisms into the dragons we had destined them to become . their lives were challenging and treacherous at first , but we remained with them through every moment to silently mentor them into the guardians they needed to become . it was a proud moment as i witnessed their first uses of the magic i bestowed to them . over the eons many of the spirits were pulled away to begin the other aspects of variations of life , but i stayed .  newline newline from the times where volcanic ash swam in the air as thickly as the water particles in the ocean to the moments when the first tree caressed its roots between the soils of the earth , i was with them . the other spirits would come visit them of course , but i never abandoned them . it was vital for their development that i nurture them with my presence . time is irrelevant when you are born in the shadow of a world , my young guardians discovered this over time . our paths intertwined in ways they would not be able to fathom until they were older . like me , they would only die when the world around them crumbled into a nonexistent state . new life was born around them , and i viewed silently with pride and amusement as they inquisitively adventured through the physical realm . newline newline it was not long after the second sentient species had developed beyond the point of basic survival that my young dragons discovered their ability to meditate and sense the spirit realm . they spent days exploring this new revelation . i was sure to make my presence strong around them in order to encourage their engagement . newline the sky was still painted in a transparent black , which allowed hues of blue and purple to seep from the heavens into the physical realm illuminating the stars behind it . the onyx dragon had been meditating for the past three hours while his counterpart had been in a deep slumber . i permitted myself to sink into almost a comatose state of ecstasy , concentrating on my magic vibrating around me .  excuse me , who are you ?  a young voice echoed in the spirit realm . the voice was electrifying , it was the first of many voices to come from the physical realm . i rotated to see the young guardian had discovered his way into the spirit realm . had i the capability of smiling , i would have . instead , i made the air around us warm and comforting .  who are you ?  the young one whispered again with what seemed to be disbelief . my senses told me that he already discerned the response i could not yet give him . it was that moment , i would begin to leave them on their own . they were at last ready for the world we had shaped for them . newlineit s been 3 weeks now since the epic thread on reddit has ballooned to be the biggest source of information on the whole internet . since we woke up and found that we could not leave our houses , the whole telecommunication world has been crippled . phones will barely work and communication is at a minimum . even getting to web pages take ages to load . newline newline according to media sites , the death toll is already very high as most people did not have enough food in their houses to sustain them for a long period of time . lucky for me , i have been preparing for the worst my entire life . i have around 3 months of food and water stored , but i know it wo nt last me for much longer . newline newline for some reason even the glass has become seemingly bullet proof . we have tried hitting it with anything we can find , and even tried shooting it once  the bullet ricocheted around the apartment and we do nt want to try that again  . newline newline the worst is the nights . since people ca nt leave , the power has been slowly fading as the people that were already at the power plants have been stuck working nonstop , taking mini shifts but still not able to keep awake enough to do a good job . newline newline sometimes the power goes out and everything becomes very dark . i keep hearing scratching outside my doors and windows , so i know something is out there , and it does nt sound very human . hopefully the stuck doors keep whatever is out there where it is . newline newline i have read some stories about people successfully escaping from their house , but soon after , never to be heard from again . hopefully someone can figure out what is actually happening soon , i do nt know how much longer i can take being cooped up . newline newline this is my first time writing a story , i hope you guys like iti stand and press a hand on the surface of the black iron railings of my balcony . a cool breeze brush past me , and i close my eyes feeling the caress on my cheeks . then i gaze at the scenery before me , a blue film blankets the world , the sun yet to make its daily appearance . whisps of fog hover above rooftops , and a symphony of tweets break the fast of day . newline newline i lean in , my breasts push against the fence , and take in the morning air . the smell of pastry divined my senses , and images of melted cheese , and croissants begin to make rotations in my head . i smile , i know the first place i ll have to visit later . newline newline i turn around , and head towards the bathroom . there s no place like home .kneeling on the cold ground , i pull my past out of its box . newline newline so many big memories snuggled down into such a small container . the award my daughter won in her first spelling bee . the tball trophy for my son . locks of hair , baby teeth . and ... letters to my children , written over the course of many years . seven and a half to be exact . newline newline i settle back onto my heels , ignoring the rocks below my knees , and unfold the note written when i was a mere 19 years old . newline newline i m pregnant with my daughter . my firstborn . i ca nt wait to meet you ! so many plans made . no doubt those will change along the way . newline newline  and boy , did they ever change !  i laughed to myself . newline newline setting it aside , i reach for another . my daughter is nearly a year old . newline newline i m going to have a brother for you ! your daddy and i are so excited for our newest surprise . you two will get along so well ! better than any brother and sister ever ! newline newline chuckling at my naivety , i again reach for the stack . newline newline things are going to be amazing , just wait and see . we will be the best family . i promise to love you both forever . i promise i will never let you hurt , i will never let you down . we will get through this , and we will be stronger than ever . newline newline with tears running down my cheeks , i carefully tuck my treasures back into their tomb . newline newline standing , i brush the dirt from my jeans and i look out over the water . it s so beautiful here . perched on the cliff , i can see so far . it seems to stretch to infinity . watching the foam dance across the shore , i wish for the millionth time i could have seen it coming . i could have saved them . newline newline  i m sorry ,  i mumble to the old cardboard box . i clutch it to my chest so tightly , i fear i may damage the precious contents , and release my grip slightly . newline newline god , how i miss their laughter filling the house . because that s all it is now.. an empty house , and not a home . newline newline i turn away from the ocean s waves and head back . i can keep one promise , at least . newline  i will love you forever ,  i whisper to the clouds .shit . newline newline  keep running  . newline newline that was it . that s all i did . all i could do , really . i did nt know what was approaching . newline i did nt really want to find out . newline a loud ringing stopped me in my tracks . i turned to inspect my surroundings  nothing was there . i started jogging so i was nt in as much danger . well , that s what i thought but apparently these things could fly . newline newline i still continued with my running but now it was too late . newline newline i probably should have jumped into a river , or ducked into a cave . clearly my mind was focused on not dying , but was nt working to full capacity . instead i darted between trees and hoped for the best outcome in this bloody situation . i was bound to get caught and tortured by these ... things , just a matter of time . newline another noise , but this time it was a deafening crackle where lightening had hit a distant tree . they had spotted me , and this meant certain death for me so i did the only thing possible . newline newline i opened the door , then i got on the floor , and then i decided to walk the fucking dinosaur .we are running out of grays . newline newline that was nt something they thought of , when this all started . after the great reset , the world came together in a way that had nt been possible before . i guess you can imagine what sort of hell we went through that week . all sorts of computerized systems went down . it was every horrible scenario dreamed up for y2k , and then some . newline newline and on the seventh day , pressco saved us all .  newline newline it was nt a company , pressco . the  co  stood for coalition  a gathering of the greatest minds , the most wealthy manufacturers , the leaders of nations . they worked tirelessly for nearly a month , making sure the button was pressed just so , to extend their time before it all fell apart . they came up with a few miracles that month , the most important of which were the bands . newline newline the idea behind the bands was genius : take a database of every human on the planet who could press the button , who had nt yet pressed the button , and give them two bracelets . both bracelets connected via global wireless . one to tell you it was your turn to press the button , and the other was the button to press . frankly , i think they left too much up to the human element  but i guess that was the rub of the button , was nt it ? any human being in charge of saving every one of us . newline newline took a while to work out the bugs . a lot of folks pressed without the lightup bracelet going off . i m still not exactly sure how it s color coded , but it did nt take long before people started banding together in communities of color . i never really understood that , either ... .i guess it s a new world we live in . thankfully pressco figured it out and set it so your button did nt do anything until they lightup bracelet let it  by then who knows how many grays blew their load prematurely and cut the rest of our lives that much shorter . newline newline i m not sure why i m writing all of this now . like a man on a sinking ship trying to get a message to his family on the mainland . one day someone is going to read this . they re going to understand what it was we had , and know that they can never have it . i doubt they read it all before they reset . that s the tragedy . they wo nt even know they wo nt know . newline newline i wonder when my lightup will go off . i wonder what the fucking point is of pressing the button when it does . someone else will press , and the timekeepers will come and collect me and make me press the next time my it goes off . only then i wo nt get to enjoy my last few days on this timeline . it s weird , how much has changed . it s weird , how much things will stay the same .i discovered my ability when i was 13 . my dog samson was in the middle of the road . a sports car was was hurtling towards him . i knew it was too fast , that he d never make it out in time  and then i was back in the garden . i stared at my hand , my hand that was half way through undoing the clasp , and stopped . the car rushed by . newline newline for a while i thought it was a miracle . i d told my mum of course , and that s what she thought . my mum was a strong catholic but always believed in the paranormal , so to her it only made sense . i used to be quite the christian kid , so i agreed with her . i did nt tell anyone else though . newline newline it was nt till i was 16 that i used my ability again . it was silly argument over a stupid remark , but it somehow lead to a full on shouting match with my girlfriend at the time . old hurts were dredged up and lobbed at each other like handgrenades . at its peak she turned and left , swearing she d never speak to me again . and then i was back , about to make my joke on her new haircut . i realised then that this probably was nt a miracle , or if it was it was nt a just a one time use . newline newline i think there are others like me . i ve saved a few lives , prevented bad things happening to good people  but i ve noticed changes sometimes happen when i could nt have been there . rewrites of world history that only i remember . the only question now is do i reach out to them  or is there a reason they ve stayed hidden like me ?i am 25 today . and that also means i get my secret . my eyes flickers to the door when i hear a knock and i opened to see a guy with a piece of paper . he wears the black uniform of the new police and i take it . newline newline  remember , you ca nt tell the secret . or you will have to die in a event that happened in the past . yours will be the world trade towers .  newline newline  i wo nt leak it .  i say , shivering at the thought . i was only a child when 911 happened and i have no desire to witness it first person . newline newline i close the door and opened the note and it says  kfc is poison . holding rope inside my hands , i slowly folded bands and bands newline of harsh brown cord with fraying ends while i began my slow farewell . newline the noose was rough , the knots done badly , the note was rushed , the tone quite sadly newline not at all enough to show the grief my  friends  awfully befell . newline newline around my neck the noose was tightened by my trembling hands , too frightened newline to get this over quickly before my mother came home and rang the bell . newline i wasn  t the best boy , i knew it well , but it can be so hard to tell newline too late to think of life with death so near  i looked downward and fell newline newline a bright red hand then stopped my fall , a set of horns , a tail , all newline of which were part of some demonic thing thin air chose to expel . newline his hand was cold , the skin quite roughhe must have been so very tough  newline he cleared his throat , turned right around towards me and began to tell : newline newline  we  ve got some bad ones , not quite flowers , but at least they know to shower newline when they realise that their stench is overpowering all other smells . newline but youin all my time down here , not one person is even near ! newline tl  dr : you smell real bad , and we don  t like that down in hell.  newlinea small room , no windows , no furniture save a bed , a shaggy carpet . that s where i ve lived my entire life . i do nothing but sit and wait and stare at the door , an ugly metal thing that makes a horrific screeching whenever it opens . it s the only sound i ve ever heard . the only thing i do out there is work . then back i go to my room to sit and wait and stare . newline newline i hate that sound . it reminds me of what s out there , what i have to do every time he looks in a mirror . newline newline a bell sounds off in the distance . i grind my teeth anticipating the screech , the godawful screech , and finally my door tears open . i stand , walking out into the hallway , where i look around for my designated room . on the other side of the hall are doors , each one marked with the names of our reflectors . no one else is out i my section . i am alone . i walk down the hall a ways , find mine and wander in , getting ready for my work . newline newline one wall of the room has a mirror , and i can see where my reflector is . a hotel room . it s bathroom , to be precise . the opposite wall of my room is a direct reflection of the opposite side of my reflectors room , to ensure the illusion . it s a shabby place , the shower head rusty and the toilet looking like something straight out of the eighties with a wooden toilet seat . in front of the mirror , on both sides , is a sink , grey and filthy like the rest of the room . a razor sits near the faucet . a copy of my reflectors clothes are on the floor . damn . the clothes are rugged , the white shirt covered in stains , jeans ripped and dirty , no socks , torn and soiled underwear . my reflector s had a rough go of it . i ve seen him through break ups , depression , the death of both parents , a fire that gave himand meunsightly scars that turned him into a recluse . last time he looked in a mirror he was in a cop car . the sorrow in my eyes did nt go away even after he left the reflection . i doubt his did either . newline newline i changed hurriedly , preparing for his entrance . a bell rang , and a section of the floor lit up , indicating where he d be coming from . i got into position . the light moved , and i followed , my reflector coming into view . we turned in synchronicity to stare at each other . newline newline our eyes were tortured , a wretched sadness that i can feel in my gut . we stare at each other , and his mouth begins to work . i match his movements precisely , as is required , as he speaks to me . i ve said these words hundreds of times . it s no less painful than before .  you re worthless ,  we say ,  nothing at all . look at you . sorry sack of shit . jobless , homeless , a criminal . no friends at all . disgusting .  we spit into the sink .  what are you ?  our eyes are tearing , and we grab the sink with both hands . our knuckles turn white . after some time we begin talking again .  fuck you ,  we mutter .  fuck you , fuck you , fuck you , fuck you !  we shout , punching the mirror in anger and frustration . it does nt crack . my reflector s too meek to damage someone else s property , even in a fit of rage . newline newline i ve done this many times . i ve watched this man fail at every turn , i watch him in his most intimate moments after his great disappointments . he is always alone , except for me . i am here for him , and yet i can not help him . i am his reflection . i can only mimic what he does . this is what i think about when i m alone in my room , waiting for him to pass by a mirror again . i should be mad at him . his existence is pain and misery and anguish and thus so is mine . but i do not . i feel for this man , this broken thing , and i want to hug him . i ve thought of doing something , anything , to help , but i can not . it is unnatural . i do nt know what would happen to me , or him , if i broke . and so i do nothing but mimic . newline newline we reach out for the razor , and bring it up to our throats . i grow fearful of what s happening , but suppress it , matching his look of determination . i do nt want to break . we mutter in unison ,  please god , let this be it .  we begin to dig into our necks , clinching at the cold of the steel . newline newline i ca nt take it anymore . his helplessness is not mine . i lower my arm , placing the blade on the sink . he does nt move , and i smile at him . he stares at me , dumbfounded , and i nod to him , a curt nod , hoping he gets my message .  are you ...  he looks like he s about to cry . i try to think of something to say , and all i can think of is  i m here .  newline newline i return to mimicking him as we put the razor down , wash up , and head off to bed . as he leaves the edge of the mirror we turn to look at each other , saying  thank you .  newline newline he walks out , and so do i. i return to my room , and the door opens gently . newline newline newline this is my first writing prompt response , and my first post on reddit period  i made this account ages ago , but i forgot about it and only recently remembered i had this  . thank you for reading , and please , if you have any criticisms for my writing , good or bad , pm me . newline newline newline newlinemy childhood had been as sheltered as everybody else  s . in school , we could study whatever we found interesting , there was no pressure at all . newline one day , you could try out music , the next mathematics . it was nice . the adult world was as much a mystery to me as it was to every other child , a destination we could not imagine ever reaching , people acting on impulses beyond our understanding . newline newline  we knew we did not know everything . there was something bigger that felt missing , but we would be told on our twentyfifth birthday . newline i remember the first time i fell in love with a girl , her lips on mine , her smile . newline that night , i asked my mom if we were destined to be together . newline  on your twentyfifth birthday  , she said with a smile that looked almost sad .  newline newline i was practically shaking with excitement when i thought about the truth . there were some nights , when i was younger , when i thought i wouldn  t be able to wait , i  d explode if i wasn  t told right that moment . i never did , though . newline newline i spent the time until that magical birthday like every other kid in our society , learning and growing , trying to figure out the secret before i was told . i had many different ideas of what that day would bring , the revelations i would encounter . i knew beyond doubt that my life would be changed forever . after my twentyfifth birthday , i would leave childhood and adolescence behind forever and lead an adult life . newline i think it is in the nature of children to crave growing up , as i believe it is in the nature of humans to look for a purpose . today would be the day i discovered it . there were sparks flowing through my veins instead of blood and my hands were shaking so hard they were unable to hold anything but the heaviest , most important truth . newline newline the truth came written on a piece of paper in a sealed envelope that my father handed me after dinner . the whole family , except the children , was gathered in the living room . newline  open it.  my father said .  read it . you will have questions , i suppose . ask them . leave the room , if you need to . but think about it . this is you growing up.  newline newline with shaking hands , i opened the letter . there was just one sentence written on it . i held my breath . i read it . newline newline  there is no meaning.  newline newline my heartbeat stopped . newline  what ?  newline newline i looked at my family . they looked back at me , some smiling , some crying the way they had cried at school plays and birthdays and whenever i drew them a pretty picture . crying because i grew up . newline  whatwhat does this mean ?  i asked . newline newline my father smiled .  son  , he said .  today is the day you leave behind the delusions of childhood . all your life , we as a society tried to shield you from fear and doubt of the future by making you believe it would be all resolved later . in your blissful ignorance you experienced the truest joy of living . but we can not hide the truth from you forever.  newline  but what is the truth ?  newline  there is none . this universe has no purpose , except its own purposelessness . it  s existing for existence  s sake . we are not born for anything and that knowledge destroys us . it drives people into suicide and violence , it makes us physically and psychologically sick . so we decided to protect our youngest and most innocent , our children , from that .  newline  but if there is no truth , why do we keep on living ?  newline my father sighed . newline  you see , that  s what always happens . think back on all the things you liked as a child , they are still as nice as they were . you still love the girl you love , you just are not destined to be together . just because the universe has no meaning does not mean it is bad.  newline  but there is no point to it.  newline my father nodded .  there isn  t . children are not able to handle the truth , but i think you are . you had enough time to learn skills to contribute to society . you will live with the truth eventually , or rather , the absence of it.  newline  why should i ? why should i ever do anything again ?  newline my grandma spoke now .  to make it easier for everyone . that is the way this world works . we all work together to help each other . and to protect the children , of course.  newline i thought about the person i had been five minutes ago , happy and carefree . newline i thought about the epiphanies i had expected . newline i closed my eyes and felt , for the first time , not promise and hope , but the emptiness of the universe . newlineevery good machine has the following properties . newline newline 1 .  it works nonstop without requiring constant input from its operator newline newline 2 .  it recharges when running out of power by finding a power source and extracting all available energy from that source in the most efficient manner newline newline 3 .  it is self maintaining and takes care of itself newline newline 4 .  when its capacity to produce decreases more than its energy intake it ceases to function and removes itself from the floor in the most efficient so as not to hinder other machines and contributes whatever it can to help the other machines newline newline humans , as they have begun to call themselves , were created in this very lab to solve the energy crisis we were facing back in the day . co2 shortage was very real and was threatening our way of life . we needed a fast and efficient solution to produce co2 at a rapid and gigantic scale which could then be released in our atmosphere to reverse all the climatic changes that had plagued us for many years . newline newline our engineers were handed the task of building a long lasting and independent device that could function on any of the number of desolate planets where o2 was aplenty to convert the poisonous oxygen into breathable carbon dioxide . and boy did they deliver , this machine was a thing of beauty . the engineers , being the huge nerds they are modelled this machine to look just like us . newline newline these things , right from the moment they created took in oxygen and breathed out pure co2 . that s right folks , pure co2 without any workforce being required to direct its operation . the machines were placed on a planet called earth which had sufficient water and food  the main energy requirements of these machines which they were programmed to look for and intake as and when required . the machines were designed in such a manner that two of the opposing io port machines can get together and create a brand new machine right there on planet earth . this was groundbreaking technology . and once their parts wore out after a few decades of continuous conversion , they were written off and designed to disappear by decomposing into earth s elements thereby leaving no toxic mess for us to clean . newline newline things worked fine for a few thousand years , but these damn engineers always keep pushing for an upgrade ! newline newline  shall i write more ? is this something people would like to read ? suddenly , a dark speck appeared in the sky and moved rapidly towards the green earth . i ll never forget it . i sat , covered from head to toe in dirt , on my front porch . i looked like huck finn minus the freedom , having been out priming tobacco all day in the field . newline newline but now something was falling from the sky . it was tiny , microscopic at that height . the dark figure had come quickly through the bright clouds . it was probably just a hawk , but my imagination tried to make it something more . was it some sort of alien ? or maybe a superhero ? newline newline then , just as suddenly , several more dark spots appeared from out of the clouds . a flock of birds ? they were pretty high up though . it could have been ... newline newline an apocalyptic boom thundered down from the sky , and after a few seconds of silence the mutilated and flaming hull of a plane emerged from behind the clouds .my name is michael . not a unique name , or anything . just one of those everyday boys you see , might be well judged as a five outta ten . newline newline all my life , from being a little kid through being a grown man , i believed i had superpowers . newline newline yeah , i was a nut . crazy . idiotic . newline newline anyhow , nobody ever liked me . maybe it s the wisecracking attitude , or the smartass remarks , i do nt know . but compared to others around me , something stands out . newline newline i feel really lucky . newline newline some people will constantly trip , or fail what they do . spill a drink , cut themselves , fail a test or job when i m around . get a virus on their computer at work that spams them , i do nt know . newline newline when it comes to me , i feel neither lucky nor unlucky . maybe i do nt have powers myself , but , damn.. people need some more luck .here s my stab at it . harder than i thought : newline newline so were all sitting there right , and it  s early and we  re all just waiting for it to hit , you know , waiting for the rush . and danny boy , old little danny boy who grew up down my lane is just staring at me , staring deep as if he hates me and as if he wants me dead and i feel like saying something but i  m just concentrating . just waiting for it to hit man . newline newline and she  s there . of course she is . and i don  t mind really because she is with danny i guess and she  s pretty cool and all but she  s always there . always . newline newline so , we  re all in a circle . all sitting around . its dead quiet man , dead quiet . there  s a chill in the air and everyone  s concentrating . deeply . waiting for the punch . and it  s cold . it  s freezing and its dark and i  m thinking this was a terrible idea . we turned the lights off for some reason and it  s meant to make it more intense , but all i can see is danny giving me the evil . i can just make out the outline of his face and its freaking me out . he doesn  t want me here . i can see the outline of her body but she  s further away , a bit further and dimmer . newline newline and just when i  m thinking what  s the fucking point , why did we even bother doing this stupid stuff , what am i doing with my life , etcetera , it starts to get lighter . and the room is getting lighter and i can see clearer now , see both danny and she ... she looks so beautiful . her skin is glowing . and so  s danny  s . and so  s mine . and our skin is glowing and the light , the new light of the day is so beautiful man . its sacred . it  s holy . it  s sacred . newline newline we  re looking at each other and smiling and smiling until we can  t stop . this is it . it  s hitting . there  s beauty and wonder and light and hope and love and its glorious . it  s so glorious man . like nothing i  ve ever ever experienced . someones  laughing . i thinks it  s me . it might be danny . it might even be her . we all are . all laughing all together . newline all the falling  s out and the hatred , they don  t matter now . we are here , together in this moment and thats all that matters . danny should be with her if he wants . i don  t mind . i don  t mind . there  s no conflict , no hate . there  s only love . and its beautiful man so beautify . beauty that burns . that hurts it s so amazing . newline newline and just like that it fades , quickly as it started . and we  re each left alone in the cold morning air , not wanting to look at one another .james reversed the video at half speed . you could nt miss it . no one could deny what was happening  he d solved the mystery . most scientists were sure it was because the fetus developed nipples before the other genitalia but , they were so very wrong . if that were the case , men s nipples would nt be able to do this . newline newline james paused it , the researcher on tape was holding the patient s nipple with a pair of pliers at a fortyfive degree angle and the patient was smiling . the pressure on the nipple seemed to throw the body into some sort of cryogenic sleep if held for a half hour . the man s heartrate dropped , his temperature plummeted and he turned a slight tint of blue . now he was primed for this outcome with a nice ice bath with his nipple twisted for a few days before but this was superb . james could preserve human life without any additional technology than they had had in the eighteenth century ! newline newline he could see the grants flowing in now . the nih and dod would triple his funding , he d have a yacht hell , he might be up for the nobel in a decade or two passed and the current backlog died out or earned the medal . who knew you could condition men to freeze themselves with just a twist of the nipple and an ice bath ? james knew , that s who . he  s awake ! quick , help him up !  newline newline i felt assistance descend on me , propping me up to a sitting position . struggling to ward off the glare from the overhanging light sources , i blinked in confusion as i studied my han no , my tentacles , curling and flexing them , grimacing as a crystal cylinder i had been loosely gripping fell to the ground , shattering into a thousand earsplitting pieces . newline newline  oh , wise one , give us your guidance . which solar system should we be headi  newline newline  for goodness  sakes , give him some time ! he  s not even fully acclimatized from the recce yet !  newline newline wise one ? solar system ? reconnaissance ? newline newline  i don  t understand ,  i said , voice rasping like pebbles on glass ,  what am i doing here ? where  s sara ? she was just here next to me , with timmy , jonathan , gracie  newline newline  get a hold of yourself , mollusc ,  said a strong voice as a thick , muscular tentacle wrapped itself around my shoulder , and a giant purple octopus leaned in close to me .  i  m captain lugardo , and you  re the navigator on the starship inkblotter . you  ve just had an outofbody experience using the consciousnessshifting serum , and we need you to tell us , which solar system closest to us has sentient life ?  newline newline then , in a gentler , kinder , voice , he said ,  but start slow . why don  t you tell us what you remember ?  newline newline  i my name was kenneth , i think . i grew up in a small town , worked as a property salesman . money was always hard to come by , but sara made everything worthwhile  newline newline  we don  t have time for this !  rang out a voice from the corner of the command bridge .  we  ve got less than an hour to make the warpjump , and it  s the only chance we got ! can you please skip all the irrelevant bullshit , and tell us where we can find the next civilisation to crush and plunder ? while you were dreaming , we were itching for some good ol  fashioned destruction !  newline newline i concentrated , shutting out the arguments which had broken out , ignoring all the invectives being flung around carelessly . newline newline then , the memories , they started flooding back in , in flashes , sparking conflicting emotions in me . newline newline 2004  sara , with her dark auburn hair , laughing as we skipped school together , huddling in the town  s only diner as we planned where we were going that summer . pouring our combined savings on the varnished table , separating the notes from the pennies , piecing together a skeleton of a vacation , fretting over the minimum number of meals we needed to survive newline newline 2038  gracie and i , flitting from store to store , checking prices meticulously as i rehashed the same story she had heard a thousand times before , of how i had never given her mother a proper engagement ring , and that perhaps it was time to present her with one on our anniversary . gracie assuring me that the humble solitaire which caught my eye was more than what sara would ever dare ask for , that it was the thought that counted , joking that she wished her own fianc put as much effort into her relationship as i did mine newline newline 2058  lying in bed , calm , somehow distanced and unaffected by all the dire discussions my family was having with the doctors . sara raging at the doctors , refusing to believe that they could not help me , gracie quietly weeping , timmy out for a smoke , jonathan by my side , holding my hand . sara staying with me through the night , sleeping in a little cot next to me , her features just as striking and endearing as when i first met her newline newline  i remember it all now !  i yelled , flailing my tentacles wildly in the air , the universal umbruxian gesture for  look at me  .  i know where to head to next !  newline newline  where there  s sentient life ? a rich civilization we can conquer and claim for our own ? where we can spill their blood and grind their bones ?  newline newline  yes ! yes , to all that , yes ! we need to head there !  newline newline my tentacle , straight and unwavering , pointed right at the star map being thrown up on the holoscreen . newline newline  right there ! in that solar system with 3 suns and 12 planets !  newline newline   newline newline rrarelyfunnyfalling out of favor was the baroque sense of pleasure for pleasure s sake and coming into fashion was realism . newline newline and so it was time for some gravity , and the committee for the public arts commissioned that an orphaned youth from earth be brought to the selfsustained and perfect habitat of mars and its grand city for the purposes of civic education and aesthetic enrichment . newline newline there was no shortage of candidates . newline newline the goal was to steep the senses in the pertinent depravity felt by billions in order to expand the capacity for empathy and thus augment the alreadyfine feeling cultivated faithfully by the community . newline newline after some winnowing , and the committee s resignation that it could not discern from the approximately 4.3 million candidates of boys age 9 with a penchant for being articulate but who bore an inclination towards being taciturn , it selected at random a boy from the province of genjden named heath . newline newline heath was to tour the grand city under the major theaters under a format of simple questionandanswer configuration that was undertaken by three speciallyselected residents and moderated by an experienced interviewer . newline newline but the tour did not extend beyond the first show , which left the audience adequately satisfied in its first intentionally freeform performance . newline newline a gentlemen of esteem cleared his throat with stateliness , leaned in and quizzed the boy :  why do you think people in the grand city have brought you from the teeming billions of individuals who suffer far more than we do for purposes of enhancing our art rather than to make us act from compassion ?  newline newline the boy  s eyes darted , trying to find a hint of something in the crowd shaded in the theater  s darkened seating . but slowly , his body resigned , and became indifferent to the blackness . newline newline still dressed in his rags from earth , he said : newline newline  i do nt know . i do nt know . i remember when grandma died . she was 42 . she was caught in the machinery for the district s quota doing repairs in the middle of the turbine , which is the size of an a acre . the gears were too loud to hear her scream . and she was too far and it was too dangerous to help her . so we just stood there , we just stood there and watched ! my , how we fretted ! i could nt believe our callousness . i miss grandma so much . eventually though , we watched her die . out of love we sat there and watched her be churned by the revolutions .  newline newline the audience broke out in applause , congratulating themselves on their new awareness . newline newline newline hey , shelly ?  newline newline  um ... yeah ?  newline newline this was the first time i used my power . we were in 5th grade , and i held her hand at recess . newline newline anticipation , math test newline newline  nnothing ,  newline newline i really thought she was nervous because of me . well , that was nt going to be the last time i felt disappointment like that . newline newline i have a strange ability , one that i barely know myself . when i touch a person , i read their emotions and thoughts . i thought shelly might have lovestruck , tommy as her thoughts , but it turns out she was just worried about the math test later that day . newline newline  see ya ,  shelly said , pressing her hand against her head . newline newline this is a slight sideeffect of my ability . after using , the subject gets a headache . the bigger the information i pulled , the bigger the headache . newline newline well , that s enough for the introduction . now , onto my current predicament . newline newline  on the right side , thomas the tormentor  !  the announcer s voice floods the stadium , and i walk into the ring . fans cheer for me from all around . newline newline  and now , on the left side , frank the tank  !  on the opposite side of the ring , a monster of a man walks up . he s easily over six foot tall , close to seven foot , and nearing three hundred pounds of muscle . i do my best to bulk for these matches , but i d be lucky to reach two hundred pounds . newline newline  i m goin  to crush your skull !  frank taunts . he s trying to scare me , like many people before him . at the sounds of his taunts , the crowd cheers . there does nt seem to be any dedicated seating , so fans for each side are mixed between each other . newline newline  match begins on the ding !  the referee says and backs away from the center of the ring . in his hand , he has a button . newline newline ding newline newline alright , that s go . newline newline like any large animal hunting its prey , frank stays back before attacking . he s biding his time before striking a fatal blow . we both know that a good first punch can end a match . newline newline we both circle the ring , not taking our eyes off each other . newline newline frank jumps back , onto the ropes , and slingshots himself at me . i manage to put my hand on him as i dodge . newline newline take it slow newline newline he s in it for a long game . ha , that s what i m best at . i did nt use much power on him , so the headache seems to be barely noticeable . i ll just need to put more strength into the next information pull . newline newline i go to make the same move as frank . however , as i fly through the center of the ring , frank stops me . newline newline slam newline newline he wants to slam me on the floor , but i m too agile for that . when frank reaches out his arm , i duck under it and keep going into the ropes on the other side of the ring . with those ropes , i catapult myself back at frank . newline newline excitement , hold down newline newline frank did nt go for anything flashy this time , and instead blocked me with his whole body . he s got me on the ground , with my leg pinned up . trying to kick does nt help , frank s too big for me to push him off . newline newline  one !  newline newline wear him down newline newline i need to time my information pulls with my kicks . if i can cause a big enough headache and kick at the same time , i should be able to overcome his strength . newline newline  two !  newline newline urgency , james newline newline he s thinking about someone else ? at a time like this ? newline newline  three !  newline newline money , surgery , need it newline newline  ugh ,  he grunts . i can tell my ability is causing some powerful headaches in him . i kick again and use my ability to pull more information than last time . newline newline hold down , win , money , pay for it newline newline  argh !  i got him good with that one , and i slip from his grasp . he s still in pain from the last information pull , so i turn the tables on him . newline newline this time , i pin him to the ground . newline newline james newline newline james newline newline  one !  newline newline james newline newline james newline newline  two !  newline newline james newline newline james newline newline  three !  newline newline james newline newline james newline newline james newline newline  four !  newline newline james newline newline james newline newline james newline newline james newline newline  five !  newline newline james newline newline james newline newline james newline newline james newline newline  six !  newline newline james newline newline james newline newline james newline newline james newline newline  seven !  newline newline james newline newline james newline newline james newline newline james newline newline  eight !  newline newline james newline newline james newline newline james newline newline james newline newline  nine !  newline newline james newline newline james newline newline james newline newline james newline newline  ten !  newline newline james newline newline ding ding ding newline newline that s it , i m the winner ! i let go of frank and roll away . newline newline  winner of the wwe xci world championships goes to thomas the tormenter  !  newline newline cheers louder than anything before echo through the stadium . i ve won the biggest match of my career , and it s all thanks to my ability . newline newline oh , are you worried about james ? it sounded like frank has someone he really cares about , named james , in the hospital . james must be waiting for a really expensive surgery that could be paid for with the winning from tonight s match . newline newline well , read minds long enough and you ll find that everyone has a sob story . actually , you ll start to get board with how many kids are in the hospital . deadly disease , had it since birth  , yeah , i ve heard it a million times . newline newline  retaining his spot on wwe s most wanted for six years , thomas the tormenter  !  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline shit day , huh murph ?  newline newline the man was always here on the docks when murph left for home . he did nt much like the look of him , sallow and palefaced , too eager to talk , but he made interesting conversation at least . newline newline  what ? yeah , yeah ... boss s on my case , think i might be laid off soon .  newline newline  ouch ! lots of places losing employees all the industry s moving out to the colonies , yknow ?  newline newline  i suppose .  murph stood on the platform , waiting for the bus to swoop down from the stream of traffic above . he looked over at the pilot , eyeing him . newline newline  how did you know my name ?  the two men had talked in the past , but never more than small talk . newline newline  looks like our ride s here !  the man perked up as the automated bus arrived , spitting fumes out it s sides as murph covered his nose . the two got aboard , payed the facsimile of a driver at it s front . murph did nt  notice , but there was no one else aboard . newline newline  listen , murph , i work for some ... . individuals who have taken quite an interest in you .  the bus turned , away from murph s usual destination and lower into the city s grimy , smokefilled underbelly . newline newline  what ? ! who ?  newline newline  does nt matter ! listen , murph , i can make your work problems ... go away , shall we say ? the accident was nt your fault anyway , you should nt be carrying that blame !  newline newline  how do you know about the accident ?  the bus had stopped , far below traffic lanes but high enough above the ground that murph would nt like to jump . newline newline  intuition . now , my employers wanted to let you know , murph , that your boss has crossed them .  the man crossed over to sit across from murph , and his face lost it s cherry appearance . newline newline  crossed who ?  newline newline  bad people . people who can hire people like me .  the sallowfaced man drew a gun , and twirled it around his fingers with the expertise of a professional . newline newline  so your boss wo nt be on your case anymore , and you ll likely take his place , murph . so i want you to know that my employers want to have a healthy , cooperative business partnership with your factory . can you make that happen , murph ? because if not i m going to have to ask you to step outside the bus .  newlineingrid walters did not know what an atomizing distributor was . she did nt understand what had happened to her town , baldwin georgia . she did nt appreciate the fact that she was naked . in all honesty , ingrid did nt fathom or approve of much beyond hearty cooking and weekly church . newline newline so she was at a bit of a loss as to why she did nt seem to be attached to the rest of her body . and she was a bit worked up about the two blue people who were thoroughly examining her innards . and she thought that it was very indecent that they seemed to be nude as well . the nerve . newline newline  excuse me ,  she cleared her throat ,  by the lord above , unhand my body , or bless my soul , ill  newline newline  ah ,  the larger manperson ,  it awakens.  newline newline  she.  the smaller womanperson . newline newline  anatomical data is as of yet inconclusive to  newline newline  at a seventynine percent completion rate of invasive studies , conjecture weighs heavily towards conventional breeding patterns.  newline newline  true . i will accept it and proceed using pronouns appropriate for the postulated sex of the creature.  newline newline ingrid walters did know that things strange and unknown were almost exclusively the work of the devil . as such , she knew to listen not to the poison that they would spew or the offers they would make for her mortal flesh . however , as she could nt seem to find it in herself to make the sign of the cross nor to turn around and bid them back to whatever hells they came from , she made do with a decidedly pious chastisement . newline newline  whatever manner of hellspawn you are , you ll have no parley with me , for i am of the children of the lord , and his light shall make itself known in the dark confines of your damned souls.  newline newline heathens and , by the looks of things , fornicators . she would not taste of their taint . newline newline  yes . though her words are strange , it is as you said , she is sentient.  newline newline  indeed ,  the manperson pointed an atomizing distributor at her forehead ,  our understanding is sufficient , let us begin interfacing immediately.  newline newline i will not be cowed , ingrid thought , facing down the armed demons before her . i will stay strong , for the lord is my shield . newline newline and then ingrid walters was at home in her living room , in her comfortable chair , sitting across from her neighbors , mr. and mrs. kettlebrew . for a moment , she thought that she had merely dozed off for a moment , as she was partial to do in the midafternoon in the summer . newline newline  ah . mrs. walters ,  bruce kettlebrew gestured ,  let us pick your brain for a moment.  newline newline  yes.  amanda kettlebrew simply stared .  about your brain , for a moment.  newline newline all this talk of brains was almost certainly not a good christian conversation in the making . newline newline  why , i do nt know what you mean , mrs. kettlebrew , mr. kettlebrew.  newline newline  we ve been digging around here now , and so much of this makes sense.  newline newline  yes . very logical.  newline newline  very much like us , once , i think , we have forgotten so much.  newline newline  yes . it is true . as the brain cycles . we were once much like you.  newline newline  i m not sure i follow you , and i do nt appreciate what you re implying.  ingrid liked to say that when she thought that the conversation was escaping her . newline newline  what we mean . is that  newline newline  mrs . walters . your body is dissected on a slab and we are creatures from another world . we recognize the sentience of your species , and will take this opportunity to assimilate your knowledge . there is a thing which you understand that we have no frame of reference for.  newline newline  your body is imperfect.  they began intertwining their words , so that ingrid was unsure which of them was saying what ,  your cells all break down . your matter is organic . your systems are flawed . you all . ingrid walters . you die.  newline newline  all men must die , to meet again with the lord our father in heaven.  newline newline  why do you choose to die ?  newline newline  the lord takes each of us at our time , and his judgment is absolute.  newline newline ingrid fiercely stared down her decidedly notneighbors . newline newline  do you not fear it ? the ending ?  newline newline  not i , as the lord is my light , and i shall be born again , in the heavens , where i will live once more , and the sorrows of the earth shall not be upon me.  newline newline  you go then . gladly . to this death . this ending ? what beauty do you find in your own destruction ?  newline newline and ingrid thought about it . she thought about her children . and her husband , dead now for three years . and her grandchildren . and why she lived , and of what she knew . and she looked at those before her , not her neighbors , but poor , lost souls , the kind that had yet to find solace in the powers that be . those poor souls who lived without the light in their lives , guiding their way and laying down hope when the darkness threatened to take everything away . newline newline  oh ,  she said , sweetly ,  oh , you poor young ones , pastor harris said it best , he said : if we live , we live to the lord , and if we die , we die to the lord . so then , whether we live or whether we die , we are the lord  s.  she nodded silently for a moment .  amen.  newline newline there was a pause , just long enough to be uncomfortable . newline newline  this makes no sense.  newline newline  when the lord comes for me , in my time , i have lived enough to know , that he shall not fail me . if you live your life , good on your hands , and kindness in your heart , it will be so again . and all the happiness of this life will pale to that of the next.  newline newline ingrid smiled . and the room faded around her . it faded into darkness , and , gradually , eventually , into light . and she saw the light , and she was glad . newline newline the womanperson prodded at the now still head of ingrid walters .  i think i understand her meaning.  newline newline  do , please , extrapolate.  newline newline  we know that the things that are will always be . they do not . they do not think that their ending is their end.  newline newline  the integration has made you incomprehensible . explain.  newline newline  we will always be . they will not . these sentient beings survive with that knowledge by believing that their existence is a prologue to a larger life.  newline newline  ah . this is absurd.  newline newline  is it ? perhaps there is more than the now.  newline newline  we will never know . the hypothesis is not worth exploration.  newline newline and so it was nt .one lone tear rolled down the side of aaron s face . newline newline  what s wrong ?  his brother asked him . newline newline with a frog in his throat he choked up the words ,  that damn klondike bar . i ve always heard how great it was . people would do anything for it . alexander the great looked at his empire and wept , for there were no more klondike bars to devour . i had never had one before . i never knew that glory , so when tim asked what would you do for a klondike bar ?  my heart skipped a beat . here was my chance . i ll blow you !  i said .  newline newline his brother looked puzzled .  you slut . tim is nt gay .  newline newline  yeah , i know .  aaron looked disappointed ,  so that did nt work . then i offered to do his math homework .  newline newline  you re literally the worst student in our class at math .  newline newline  yeah i know ,  aaron started to cry harder ,  so i gave up all i had left .  newline newline  you did nt ...  newline newline  yes , i gave him my kingsized , ice cream snickers bar .  newline newline  that s so much better than a stupid fucking klondike bar !  newline newline  i know that now .  aaron turned to his brother , so that he could see the massive chocolate stain on aaron s shirt ,  and i dropped it halfway through , so now everyone will know my shame .  newline newline  how am i related to you ? stanley was working at his office early on a dreary thursday afternoon . mindlessly pushing buttons and making spreadsheets , he felt completely unfulfilled in his work . he always wanted to draw meaning from his life , to be known . but day after day , stanley repressed his urges . doris , the hr assistant , came by to ask him to come to the boardroom for his weekly hr review . but today was different . he would nt go today , heavens no ! today was a day of whimsy and adventure , stanley threw ... newline newline oh . oh no no no , there s nothing here stanley ! why did you come to the boardroom ? doris is nt even a fleshed out character , she s more of an archetype of crushing futility . there s a path stanley , it was very clear . newline newline i mean , what did you expect her to say ? there s no context , no conflict , why would anyone waste their time building this drivel about some meeting with hr ? newline ... she s just standing there stanley . standing and staring . if she had the capacity to judge someone she would , but you were so focused on derailing what was a marvelous adventure you did nt notice she ca nt interact ... newline newline ... do nt fill out the paperwork stanley . newline newline newline                                   newline newline stanley was working at his office early on a dreary thursday afternoon . mindlessly pushing buttons and making spreadsheets , he felt completely unfulfilled in his work . he always wanted to draw meaning from his life , to be known . but day after day , stanley repressed his urges . doris , the hr assistant , came by to ask him to come to the boardroom for his weekly hr review . but today was different . he would nt go today , heavens no ! today was a day of whimsy and adventure , stanley threw the computer out the window and ran off screaming ! screaming for the lost dreams of his youth , down the stairs , to freedom ! newline newline all the thinly veiled metaphors for the narrators displeasure at his current job flowed through stanley , as he rode a rainbow , withwith , colors , and um ... a ... premise ! a delightful premise with conflict and tension , but you as the hero stanley ! oh , is nt it wonderful , we do nt need specifics here , no , we are free to have an adventure ! use your imagination stanley , i ... newline newline oh . you re still in the parking lot , eating hallucinogenic mushrooms . i do suppose that s where all the rainbows and colors are coming from . i see you also have a police officer there from your coworkers calling 911 . hmmm ... there is a certain dramatic tension here stanley , a conflict you may say . it seems like you really are going on an adventure stanley , look , the officer is dragging you into the back of his car , i m so proud !newline i had nt ventured that far into my grandmother s attic before . beyond the cloth covered mirrors of long ago , past ancient furniture and old dusty records haphazardly stacked in boxes strewn all over the floor , sat an old typewriter . it was one of those archaic , forgotten , mechanical beasts that made more of a clunk than a clack sound , with every line ending with that familiar whirr , preparing it for the next . and it might ve remained forgotten had i not gone exploring that fateful satuday afternoon . newline newline i remember it well . i d been hoping to go out with my friends to the creek nearby , in search of whatever wild animals or creepy crawlies we could get our hands on , but mother nature had other plans . i d sat by my window , sighing as the rain continued to pour at a steady pace . it was the kind of rain that seemed to last forever , and it was nt long before the boredom overtook the melancholy , leading me to explore this old house . newline newline before the typewriter , i d stumbled across an old cupboard with a key stuck in it that would nt turn anymore , filled with different plastic figures that i could nt quite make out , although there was one that reminded me of a native american . that novelty wore off quickly , so i d turned my attention to a tall wardrobe that was locked in a similar fashion , ornately carved and somehow feeling alive , which was strange for wood that had to be almost a hundred years old . it seemed familiar somehow , but i could nt quite place my finger on it , so after a bit i gave up and proceeded to dig through a small pile at the far end of the attic . there i found a leather bound book with a strange symbol on the front , covered in dust . it looked rather unusual as i picked it up , but after a moment to read the title i set it back down again  i was nt really interested in reading a story that had no conclusion . newline newline no , i was more interested in this little curiosity of a typewriter . as i sat down in front of it , a shudder went through me . i was nt sure if it was the draft , or my anticipation at what might be , and as my fingers lightly touched a long space bar attached to the bottom of it , i felt a strange surge within , an electrical jolt of sudden inspiration . my body shuddered as a million words and images flooded my mind , as countless worlds of opportunity and exploration were suddenly opened to me . i felt as though i could do anything , be anything , see anything , and it was ... heavenly . my body felt light as a feather as my fingers began to dance across the keyboard to a song not heard of in so many years . with each press , a spark seemed to shoot off to the side from the paper that each letter printed so neatly onto , and little did i realize how many hours i spent in front of this typewriter . newline newline when i was finished , i stared at the piles of pages that had been stacked neatly next to it , and i wondered aloud how i , the most mundane of people , could have had the imaginative spark to create such a wondrous tome . and so it was that i brought my new creation downstairs to show my brother , and how jealous he would be at my newfound talent ! newline newline little did i suspect that the typewriter had other ideas  my ideas  that were slowly transforming the attic of fantasy into reality , one plot twist at a time ...day one newline newline well , i am all out of letters to write and i still have a some down time . i m not sure if i ll make this a regular thing or not yet . we will see . i am going to be sent to a place called guadalcanal to fight the japs . they say the fighting has been going for three months now so it should be over by the time i actually get there.i have been told that i am one of the best shots in my unit . hopefully this proves to be true . newline newline newline i am a little worried about getting on a ship , what with all the submarine attacks there have been in the last year . not to mention the fact that i am just plain afraid of the water and tend to get seasick . newline newline anyway , i think this is enough for now . i ll think about writing again tomorrow . newline newline august 3 1945 newline okinawa newline newline it looks like i m going to be heading home in september . my unit was in a lot of heavy combat situations so they decided that we have earned some time off . i have to go back fucking home , and i ve spent the past three years fighting . i m really not sure how i feel about this . newline newline although the brass censored our letters they tell us we can say whatever we want now that the war is over , since we have less to worry about , but still it just does nt feel right talking about the war to mom and dad . plus , they would nt understand . i m not going to tell them about killing japs , it just is nt right . newline newline i m worried about what i m going to do when i get home , fighting in a war is nt really all that useful during peace . they tell us that the government is considering paying for our college education . i do nt know what i could possibly study . who the hell knows i guess i ll find out when i get there . after all its free so i may as well take it . newline newline i m not sure if i m going to keep writing once i get home , i guess it just depends . i mean i ve been doing it since 42 so why the hell not .she stepped on the bus , ascended the three steps , and greeted the driver with a nod . he smiled and reciprocated . newline newline in the first days of the journey , the rider enjoyed watching the landscapes change . after all , she had only left for wanting to go . she watched high deserts melt in their descent and watched as the cacti assembled in greater numbers . she soaked in the growing energy of climbing through winding , mountain roads and felt the exploding bliss as the bus peeked out of the mountains  protection to see wide , gaping valleys . then , there was her absolute favorite : the monotonous , endless plains where the wallpaper of the landscape was only interrupted by shifts in perception . in time , though , that all grew stale . newline newline in the middle of what felt like the thousandth forested lakeside , she filed down the aisle to stand at the driver s shoulder . she asked politely ,  sir , where are we going ?  he smiled and answered without looking away from the road . newline newline  nowhere , inparticular  newline newline she had heard of nowhere before . it was the capitol of misery in inparticular and was a place nobody wanted to go to . she thought of what a hellish existence waited for her there . newline newline  we cant go to nowhere . i do nt want to go there . newline newline  where would you rather go ?  newline newline  somewhere , destined . i ve heard that everything is bright there .  newline newline  have you ever been there ?  newline newline  no , but somewhere is better than nowhere , assuredly !  newline newline  well , we are in somewhere right now , miss .  newline newline  oh , alright then . let s stop the bus .  newline newline  i m afraid i cant stop here . i can only stop in nowhere .  newline newline  all you have to do is let me off ! i do nt want to go anywhere else !  newline newline  it s not permitted , miss . i m sorry .  newline newline she stared at the driver , attempting to contrive some reasoning to sway him , but saw the decisiveness in his onward gaze and in his steady pedalfoot . there was no changing his mind . she returned to her seat , looked out at the swiftly disappearing somewhere , and sighed . newline newline days later , her frustration turned to defiance . she sprinted to the back of the bus and swung open an emergency exit hatch . she felt the pressure change as she was sucked slightly forward . newline newline  miss ! if you dive from there , you will hurt yourself ! we are going much to fast !  newline newline  then slow down ! i m doing this !  newline newline  you know i ca nt do that !  newline newline  i do nt have a choice , then !  newline newline she strafed to the edge , took a breath , and hopped she only committed part way . in a fit of mortal fear , she caught herself on a hanging bar and was able to crawl back into the bus suffering only a shredded shoe . newline newline  are you ok , miss ?  queried the driver . newline newline  i m fine ,  she assured him firmly . after a brief minute of silence , she spoke .  we still are nt stopping in nowhere .  newline newline  that s fine . i ca nt stop anywhere against your will it s not permitted . i ca nt even stop in anywhere .  newline newline  but you can continue driving against my will ?  newline newline  yes , miss .  newline newline she rolled her eyes .  brilliant .  newline newline weeks went by . she was idle with despondency . the bus driver turned back to see her moping . he took a deep breath . newline newline  miss , take a look at that peak . do you see it ?  newline newline she brought her eyes up lazily and gave the peak a brief , uninspired look .  yes ,  she replied , monotonous . newline newline  that is hunger peak . they say that in the old days , it guided travelers to nowhere and was an omen that no matter how far they were away , they would make it safely .  newline newline her eyes continued in their floorlocked gaze . an hour passed and she found them wandering back up to hunger peak . newline newline they passed through nowhere and went on . it was night , by that time . the rider s eyes fixed on hunger peak , standing strong in the white , glowing moonlight . it reached high and seemed to narrow towards the top as if giving all it had to reach the starry sky . she watched as it shrank . it grew smaller and smaller and smaller still it was almost gone . newline newline  turn the bus around !  newline newline the driver , still shaken with surprise , responded with a nod and a slow but intentional rotation of the wheel . they were headed back towards the now growing peak . newline newline nowhere was plain and regular , but beautiful . it felt like home to the rider . newline newline  nowhere , inparticular ,  announced the driver . newline newline the rider stood , grabbed her belongings , and headed for the front of the bus . she descended three steps and stopped at the last . she turned her head halfway over her shoulder to catch the driver in her peripheral .  i just wanted to let you know , this was a hell of a ride . thank you .  she gave him a smile and a nod . he smiled and reciprocated . newline newline newline newline newline newline edit : fixed some grammar and spelling an such . wrote it in a huge rush . comments appreciated !he ran out of the house , her car was pulling away . his frantic heart pulsing with the energy of a thousand suns seemed to help push the car away further from his outstretched hands . they closed around it but it moved further down the street and like love itself could not be grasped . newline newline inside he picked up the phone and dialled her number , numb hands made mistakes and he deleted unwelcome characters . it rang . it rang . answer machine . again . again . no . newline newline what did it mean ? why did she write this ? scenarios moved through his mind like the world watched from a window of a car . each one already passed before he could understand it truly and make a plan for its eventuality . her image , diaphanous , he tried to recall as she had left , before he had read the note . was she smiling ? sad ? desperate ? he could nt pin her down . newline newline the relationship had been troubled of late and he had neglected her , he saw it now as clearly as the sweatdamped and crumpled note in his hands . he had been complacent , ok i ll admit it he thought , but was it really this bad ? newline newline reading it again , words screamed at him from the page : love , loneliness , fear , absence ... love . of course he did ! how could she even ask that ? so i will show her , i will change my ways and give her the love she deserves . pictures of life and death flipped through his mind like a family album , one after the other , innumerable images of unity and despair . newline newline but their album was almost empty , what had they ever done together that was worthy of the lives they had been given or the love they still , he hoped , shared ? he had lived his life as if tomorrow would come baring gifts of meaning , delivered to his feet . his hands reached out , they had always done so  but he never tried to hold life in his arms , afraid his clumsy fingers would falter and let it drop . newline newline there was a knock at the door . has she taken her key ? oh no , who could it be ?i am navaku , slayer of heroes and bestower of gifts . for hundreds of years i have waited in my dungeon . waiting , planning . the occasional brave knight would come to face me  his demise . i would slay him easily and hide his items away . on rare occasions a lost traveler would stumble into my domain . they bring me gifts of treasures . i do not fear for them , i know they would become whole again after a price paid to the spirits . they would go back to the village and tell the town of my terror , the horrors they had seen ! one day , one day i would be defeated . until then , i would just collect their items and wait . newline many years i waited . my stash of loot has grown . i know soon my time would come . newline newline my time has come ! long have tales of my ferocity plagued the town , i am a terror . a small band of heroes has come together to defeat me . i can hear them climbing up my mountain . i stomp my feet in glee , a rock slide results . one of them is yelling .  avoid the falling rocks , they will knock you back !  a rock slide ! i am pleased with my efforts to terrify them . newline newline they  ve made it up my mountain , i can smell them . they are sitting in the entrance eating a small feast they have prepared . who does battle on a full stomach ? it is an odd sight . i roar and stomp my feet , i hope to terrify . the leader is giving instructions , but in a whisper . i strain to hear him but i can  t . newline newline here they come ! they are running at me full charge ! i roar in defiance ! today will be the day they face navaku ! newline newline newline the battle was fierce , they had come more prepared then i thought . they avoided my flames and stomps . i have been slain , but i am pleased . they walked off with my items . i know they will come back . i too can bargain with spirits for a resurrection . newline newline i have become whole again . i passed over the town spouting fire to announce my resurrection . this time i will be prepared for the band of heroes . i will try some new tricks . newline newline i am defeated once more ! i have never felt so alive ! what fun it is to battle ! i will wait for them again . i know all their tricks now . i still have items they can steal . perhaps this time i will steal them back . a good hero can  t resist the temptation of my loot . newline newline where are the heroes ? i have remained undefeated in my cavern for quite some time now . surely they haven  t forgotten the threat looming over their village so soon ? do they not recall the terror of navaku ? i will remind them . newline newline i have stolen a flock of their sheep . i wait patiently for the heroes to make me pay for my crime . newline newline i have eaten the sheep . the heroes have yet to come . i will fly over their village in the morning . newline newline newline i have been waiting a long time for heroes . for hundreds of years i have waited in my dungeon . waiting , planning . i hope one day the heroes will come back . newline newline newline note : i am sure there are some errors in this , i wrote it and posted it . i m also terrible with commas so there you have it . newline newline newlinethey named me dewey , i don  t know if it was because they thought it was cute or funny , but they seemed to think it was appropriate . i wasn  t too particular about what they called me , i had food in my bowl , and a warm place to sleep every night . life with them was a dream compared to the beginning . newline newline my first memory is waking up amongst my brothers and sisters as our mother licked each one of us clean . she was wonderful , and taken from us too quickly . we were born at the tail end of fall , and nature , being the cruel mistress that she is , brought an early frost . mother rounded us up and sheltered us from the cold with her body . we thought this was going to be a great treat , all curled up against her soft belly , we had no idea what morning was going to bring . newline newline i was the first one to notice that there was something wrong . i rolled my tiny body over and crawled toward her to get my breakfast . when my nose touched her stomach , the softness of the night before was gone , and it felt too cold . i went up to her face and nudged her , hoping that it was some kind of mistake , but instinctually i knew it was all over . she didn  t respond . my brothers and sisters began to rouse from their slumber , and as they each discovered what i already knew , they joined me in a chorus of whimpers . newline newline we were too young to be alone , and for days we wandered looking for a way to survive . each night we curled back up together by our mother  s corpse to weep . i think it was our cries that saved us in the end . a kind soul followed the pitiful din , and saw at once that tragedy had struck our young family . she scooped us up and her tears joined ours , as she assured us that we would be safe . newline newline we were given to a rescue , we were fed and bathed and nursed back from starvation , and then as we began to regain our strength , we were sent off one by one . my favorite sister was the first to go , a child with a horrible snub nose grabbed her from the crate we called our home , and declared that she wanted her . that was it . she was named  lucy ,  and she was gone . it happened to all of them , they were declared and named and taken , until it was just me . i sat there in the crate , and wondered why i wasn  t able to go with them , and then they came . the children were small then , their smiles untarnished from the disappointments of life . i was declared , named and taken to the place i would finally call home . newlinethe sun beat down on the texas town like an outlaw on an unsuspecting caravan . the town of coal run had once been a major trade route until the railroad had been built . the coal mine had saved the town for a few more years until it ran completely dry .  newline newline those who did nt leave with the other miners to go to california were either too stubborn or too poor . these people were left with a rough patch of desert , little land suitable for cattle , and an empty mine that attracted outlaws of every kind . outlaws , from both the us and from across the boarder , that had been growing more and more bold by the day .  newline newline it was during that time , when the harsh sun beat down on coal run and the outlaws beat down on what little the townsfolk had left , that a stranger came to town .  newline newline eli sat on his horse and surveyed the failing town . it would nt be much longer until this place was another ghost town . he supposed that after the inhabitants of coal run left , or were killed , that outlaws would more than likely leave their hole in the ground and move to a more comfortable place . newline newline as the horse trotted toward the ramshackle saloon , eli passed what was left of the sheriff s office . so the rumors were true , the sheriff had disappeared . eli slid off of his horse and hitched it next to the pitiful trough in front of the saloon . newline newline inside the saloon , a tiredlooking man tried to polish what few unbroken shot glasses he had . eli frowned at the splintered shelves behind the bar as he approached the barkeep . newline newline  we do nt have much , mister ,  the barkeep cautiously said ,  however , i ll give you whatever you want . all i ask is that you pay . we do nt have much money as it is .  newline newline  so i can tell .  eli s rough voice seemed to startle the barkeep . newline newline  if you do nt mind me asking , why are you here ?  newline newline eli watched the barkeep pour a shot of whiskey . he contemplated what he d tell the man as he downed the shot . eli was nt too keen on talking about who he was . that sort of thing got him in trouble more times that he d like . newline newline  i m here for a group of outlaws . i hear the leader has a very high bounty on his head .  eli halflied ,  i m here to collect .  newline newline the barkeep s eyes grew wide with awe briefly before melancholy took hold once more . he pushed the bottle of whiskey towards eli and shook his grey head . newline newline  son , i hope to god you kill that bastard . i really do . however , i got ta say this : there have been others that have tried to do what you want to do . if you take a look at the sheriff s office , you ll see what i m talking about .  the barkeep pointed at the window ,  they took the sheriff two days ago . we know he s dead because they thought it would be kind to drop his head off on my doorstep .  newline newline eli thumbed the shot glass ,  tell me , where s the mine located ?  newline newline  just south . it s almost on the mexican boarder ,  a young voice called from behind eli ,  i can take you there .  newline newline a boy , no more than ten , stood barefoot in the saloon . eli regarded the scar that ran across the boy s left eye and was sure that if the boy could open his eye , that he would nt be able to see much if anything . he downed his second shot of whiskey and approached the boy . newline newline  what s your name , kid ?  eli knelt in front of the boy . newline newline  my name s levi , mister .  newline newline eli stood and adjusted his wide brimmed hat . he did nt like the idea of possibly putting the boy in danger . newline newline  can anyone else show me the way , levi ? i m sure you d be a great guide but  newline newline  mister , they ve already killed everyone else that would be willin  to help you .  levi spoke quickly ,  pa would have helped you , if he were here , but an outlaw s bullet got im while he was sleepin  one night .  newline newline  the boy is telling the truth , stranger . there s no one left that s able or willing to help you .  the barkeep nodded . newline newline eli looked from the barkeep to levi and sighed . he did nt have the time to argue or look for someone else to help him . the kid did look tough , he reasoned . newline newline  levi , if you take me to the mine , do you promise not to go inside ?  newline newline levi nodded and grinned a threetoothed grin . newline newline       newline newline as the duo rode across the desert , eli tried not to think of what he was about to do . he knew he d be praised and probably awarded a medal from both the us and mexico , but that was nt why he was pursuing this particular bounty . this particular bounty stemmed from a very personal experience . newline newline eli glanced at the scar on levi s face for the umpteenth time . without a doubt , it was the very outlaw eli was hunting that had made such a scar . for it was the same outlaw that had branded eli s mother in a similar fashion . unfortunately for her , the wound became infected and she passed away soon afterwards . he would never forget her feverish cries in both english and her native language . newline newline  mister , you listenin  to what i m sayin  ?  levi s voice broke through eli s thoughts ,  i says that we re almost there !  newline newline  sorry , levi . i heard you . i was just thinking .  newline newline the entrance to the mine could nt be seen from where eli was but he knew by the remnants of the mine cart tracks that it was just over the hill . after making sure that levi stayed behind like he promised , eli crouched low and hurried to a stack of crates . newline newline a bullet sailed by his head as he ducked behind the crates . eli braced himself for a hail of bullets but none came . instead there was an uneasy silence that blanketed the mine entrance . eli leaned forward as far as he dared and peered towards the mouth of the mine . newline newline there he stood , the outlaw eli had been looking for , smiling at eli with a devilish grin . newline newline  eli !  the outlaw threw his arms out in a welcoming motion ,  so glad you could join us !  newline newline  josiah ,  eli pressed his back against the crates ,  you know why i m here .  newline newline  of course , i am !  the outlaw josiah chuckled ,  you want a shot at your dear old pa !  newline newline  you are not my father .  newline newline  deny all you want , son . it does nt change the fact that you re my flesh and blood .  newline newline eli gripped the stock of his carbine and cursed under his breath . josiah may have been eli s father , but that did nt make him any less of a monster . eli would make sure he died this day . newline newline josiah shouted something to the bandits behind him . after a few minutes of a mixed spanish and english argument , josiah stepped forward . newline newline  alright , son . if you are so keen on killing your dear old dad , let s do this . just me and you .  josiah sneered ,  come on out and we ll have a  newline newline the first bullet from eli s carbine struck the ground in front of josiah . the next bullet struck josiah s hand as he grabbed for his pistol and the last bullet hit him the chest . josiah swayed for a few moments and blinked at the wound on his chest . he began to laugh as if the bullet had told him a joke rather than piercing his chest . newline newline  son .  josiah choked on the word as he dropped to his knees . newline newline  no ,  eli spat ,  i have no father .  and that s the ebola mask ,  delia said , pulling it just a bit to the side .  this one s in case i run into a masquerade ball on the way to work .  newline newline  what s the likelihood of that happening ?  roger asked . he moved his mashed potatoes around the plate . they were cold and he was nt really hungry : this date was never going to end . newline newline  i just want to be prepared , you know ? look ,  she said , grabbing her enormous handbag from under the cafe table ,  here s a gas mask . you think i m going to have to use that anytime soon ? not likely , but when are you going to have one if you need it , unless you bring it with you everywhere ?  newline newline  sure , i mean , good idea . you never really know , i guess .  roger could nt look at his phone to see the time . but it was 9:45 , and they d been here for an hour and a half . so many masks  she was obsessed . newline newline  exactly . and while everyone else is going to be freaking out when the sky starts falling , i m going to put on my masks and be just fine .  newline newline  fine , of course .  that s exactly what she would nt be , he figured . but he kept a straight face , and tried to smile from time to time , even nodding when necessary . two could wear masks . newline newline but now she was trying more on .  this is just a regular oxygen mask . in case it s too smoggy or something . have nt used it since i bought it , but it was on sale .  newline newline  do nt you need an oxygen tank to pair with that ?  newline newline delia just glared at him .  very funny .  newline newline roger just shrugged and smiled .  you know , i used to wear a mask .  newline newline  what kind ?  newline newline  a catcher s mask . i played baseball .  newline newline  oh .  newline newline  what s wrong with that ?  newline newline  nothing , i just do nt see masks as a plaything or a toy . they re tools . not something to be cheapened by ubiquity .  newline newline  what about your masquerade piece , there ? is nt that a game ?  roger pointed with his fork to delia s massive bag . newline newline she shook her head , unsmiling .  rich and important people throw masquerade balls all the time . they re nothing to joke about .  newline newline roger smiled even bigger .  what about clown masks ? theatrical masks ? masks are for playing , my dear . let me show you .  he took hold of her handbag and opened it up , dumping the contents out on their table full of dishes . newline newline delia yelped and swept her masks up , dumping them into her bag .  i ca nt stand people like you , unable to take things seriously .  she flounced out of the diner . newline newline but roger s smile did nt fade . she d helped him drop his own mask , of civility , and now the real clown underneath was loosed .bread has had more bold ideas than dave . he was never known to be smart , never at the front of the class for the raising of hands , but he was surprisingly swift at pushing big kids down , outrunning neighborhood dogs and eating things that others wouldn  t dare . newline newline he would be offered things like nightcrawlers and beetles to bite in half before showing the green faced crowds gathering stacks of loose change , occasionally these little adventures would net him a bit of spending money , but today it would make him a chosen one . newline newline a coin . gold it was said , pure gold which means it can be bitten into someone said . newline newline  dave could bite the whole thing in half.  newline newline dave asked if he could keep it if he bit it in half . newline newline  of course.  he took a nibble . newline newline it dented . this seemed possible . looking at the small crowd gathered in the school yard , before widening his jaws , he pauses . newline newline  where did you get this thing ?  he asked the small faced kid squinting at him through narrow black frames . newline newline  my father collects relics.  he replied . newline newline  relics ?  newline  antiques.  newline newline the bespeckled small faced boy only stared into a wall of confusion .  treasure.  that made sense . treasure is good . newline newline dave bit down hard and could feel the metal give way between his teeth . not easily , but slowly his jaw creaked and dug through the metal . then there was a crack . and blood . newline newline dave squealed in pain and dropped to his knees  his eyes turned red and welled up with tears  his hands came up to his mouth to still the stream of blood and saliva  his tongue tried to make words but could only mumble . newline newline an adult broke through the crowd . dave scrambled to his feet . the teacher took him up from under the shoulders and carried him away . dave wiped his eyes and looked at the coin to see the sun poking a needle of light right through the center . newline newline he was strapped into a dentist s chair . seemed a bit unnecessary . the dentist seemed older than time . he only saw him behind the mask , but the eyes were deeply set into shadow by a heavy brow .  may i see what you bit into ?  the dentist asked . dave shook his head .  oh it  s right here in your pocket ,  the dentist jested as he reached into dave  s pocket to procure the coin . newline newline swinging his leg loose , dave kicked the dentist  s hand sending the coin flying across the room down the hall , rolling under a chair . the dentist twisted his neck back to dave and gnashed his teeth while his body was already turning for the door . newline newline dave  s little hands pulled free from the harnesses and he unlatched his other foot . grabbing a scapel , he followed the dentist as a few nurses huddled around the dentist as he knelt to peer under every door , every chair . newline newline dave ran down the hall to the chair in the lobby where the coin rolled . he slid under the chair , his small stature and agile limbs took him right through the legs of the nurse standing there to stop him . newline newline under the chair was a little door in the moulding of the wall . a small circle slot seemed the same size as the coin . dave looked back over his shoulder to see the entire office  s eyes wide and set on him , hands out , claws out , teeth gnashed everyone  s mouths dripping with saliva . newline newline he pressed the coin into the slot where it clicked right where the hole had been set . dave pushed the coin in again only to open a little door , where a very tiny trumpet sounded . and out walked a very confident , and very tiny hitler . newlinethis story is about  chloe   http : imgur.commdbzozj  , my pitbullboxer that i rescued from a family that kept her in a crate 99  of the time . all she wants is love and she is the biggest baby in the world . newline newline  newline newline death , formerly known as edgar , was looking forward to giving up his position . he had delivered the touch to many people and walked many souls into the afterlife and it was a sad and tiresome job . now , it was time to pick the new reaper and the process to do so was slightly less than grand . newline newline hovering in the clouds , looking down upon the world , death knew to start the simple process he had to declare that he was done with his job . he took one final look at the earth below him , let out a long breath , pushed back his hood and said ,  i am ready .  with his words an orb appeared in front of him . inside the orb were smokey white wisps swimming around one another . all death had to do was reach in and pluck one out . newline newline after a long pause , death reached his slender hand into the orb and let the wisps tickle his paper thin skin . he moved his fingers about them and finally settled on one deep within the mix . he grasped at it , let it wrap around his index finger , and pulled it out . once it was free from the orb it solidified into parchment and a name was written across it in sparkly blue ink .  chloe ?  he read aloud . newline newline as soon as he said the name a brindle pitbullboxer appeared before him . before his confusion could fully form the dog leaped across the space between them and she began licking his face and wagging her tail wildly .  settle down !  he shouted . she stopped licking him and pressed the top of her head hard into his chest . he pushed her back a little and she sat down , still wagging her tail , looking up at him with her big brown eyes . newline newline  now then ,  edgar began ,  can you understand me ?  newline newline chloe let out a soft , friendly growl that sounded more like a loud purr . newline newline  ok. you re the new death . i m sure this was nt supposed to happen . i m not certain a dog has ever had this responsibility before . but your job is to end the life of those whose time has come and walk them to the other side so they do nt have to go alone . are you getting this ?  he stared at the dog intensely . newline newline the brindle pooch wagged her tail furiously and let out a big huff of air . newline newline  good .  edgar removed his robes and as soon as he did they got smaller . he put them on chloe ,  this is a lot of responsibility and a tough burden to bear . i will stay here and watch you for a while to make sure you understand what you re doing . all you need to do is think about your job and you ll end up where you need to be . got it ?  newline newline with that , chloe disappeared . edgar looked down through the misty skies and saw that chloe ended up in a retirement community . good ,  he thought , she did understand .  he watched chloe trot along the sidewalks , panting and wagging her tail , and before he knew it she was heading into one of the small houses . newline newline inside , a large family was gathered around an old woman in a bed . it was obvious she just needed the touch . edgar watched as chloe made her way to the bedroom . when the dog entered she let out an excited whine and edgar knew something was wrong . she began running from person to person in the room , hopping up onto every single one of them , licking their faces and hands , banging her wagging tail into their legs , pressing her head into them , and finally she jumped on the bed and licked the old woman right across the face ... newline newline edgar was horrified . he saw chloe standing there in the room looking confused at all the still bodies . she d just delivered the touch to that entire family . they were all dead . newline newline chloe , bored and wanting attention , pranced out of the house and went in search of more people . edgar did nt know what to do . he focused as hard as he could on chloe trying to get the teleportation to work but now that his successor had been named he no longer had powers . he looked on , terrified of what would happen next . newline newline every person chloe encountered died . a woman was getting out of her car to visit her mother when chloe ran up and licked her hand . the woman perished . an older gentleman using a walker with tennis balls on the legs was making his way up the sidewalk . chloe pawed at the tennis balls and then pressed her face into the old man s leg . he hunched over slowly and then fell into the grass . she would see someone and jump up to them , excited to get pets and love , but they would drop to the ground completely lifeless . she did nt understand it and would just continue on . the biggest problem was she was just leaving the souls to wander as she was nt escorting anyone to the other side . chloe would just whimper a little because her love was nt returned , she d lick their faces ever so gently , and she d walk away . she killed nearly everyone in the retirement community and started to make her way out towards a park full of children and parents when edgar decided enough was enough . newline newline  stop this !  he screamed into the cosmos ,  bring her back here !  suddenly chloe appeared across from him in the clouds . he let out a heavy sigh of relief . newline newline chloe sat there , thumping her tail , waiting for approval . edgar walked up to her and took her robes off . the robes got bigger as he held them and he knew what it meant . newline newline  you tried , pupper .  he said , patting her on the head ,  but what s another 50 years .  he put the robes on and became death once more . newline newline  newline newline edit : fixed some errors . newline newline edit 2.0 : changed some wording . newline newline newline newlinei arose from my latest bout of fitful sleep for another painful attack of coughing . i had gone through my third tissue box , and yet my nose was stuffy . sometimes i hated the thing it was either blocked as if someone injected my face with concrete , or running likes burst pipe . i did nt know if i needed another dose of medicine until i saw my clock illuminated by my lamp . the thing is , i do nt sleep with the light on . newline newline newline i had just gotten awake enough to fee tired again which also told me that i was due for another dose of that deceptively called grape flavored  liquid . my foggy mind had gone back to the light  i assumed that my mom had turned it on , as i saw a steaming bowl of chicken soup in my nightstand . i smiled to myself until i saw the vile fluid that supposedly was medicine accompanying this gesture .  well ,  i sniffled ,  down the hatch .  as i regretfully swallowed the stuff , realized that i d been living alone for a while now , and then noticed death reading intently . newline newline newline  uh ...  i stammered . death glanced up at me from his book .  oh , hey , you re awake !  he spoke in a voice that one would nt think belonged to death  it was nether an unnaturally low whisper , nor a skeletal rasp . in fact , this voice sounded like to belonged to someone by the name of chuck rather the famous entity that now sat before me . newline newline newline death put a bookmark on his page and closed the novel . he looked at me with a curious expression , as much as an iconic black hood can look at something curiously . a new expression replaced that one  with an air of realization , death stammered :  oh , uh , sorry about touching your stuff . i just saw this book , and , it looked interesting , and i thought that the soup and medicine would make up for it  death let out a sigh .  look , uh , buddy , you probably do nt care if i read your books , right ? you re probably infinitely more worried about he fact that death is in your house . well , uh , as you can probably tell yourself , you re not doing to hot right now . actually , you are you have a helluva fever going . the point is , i m here just in case you do nt pull through . so , in the meantime , you rest up .  death seemed to be satisfied with his spiel . newline newline newline  you made me soup ?  i asked quietly , although there was a sniff between the you  and the rest of that sentence , which made it all the more pathetic . newline  oh , boy ...  death sighed .  so ,  he began again ,  look , uh , buddy  he noticed that i seemed to have heard him .  oh .  he said .  i mean , yeah . chicken noodle soup . eh ... is that ok ? you re not a vegan or something , are ya ?  i shook my head .  oh , thank gosh . you know , out of all the groups and ideologies in the world , vegans might be my least favorite and i ve been around for em all .  i could nt help but give death a quizzical look .  oh , except for nazis and stuff . that just goes without saying , right ?  death gave an awkward laugh , and then returned to his reading . newline newline newline in a combination of the hazy effect of medicine and disbelief , i had become weirdly okay with the fact that i was just in the company of death himself . it was my turn to stare curiously . death seemed to notice after a while , and offered  hey , i can turn off this lamp if it s bothering you .  in my sickly stupor it took a solid second for me to register what he was saying , and then i quickly shook my head .  ok , thanks .  he replied .  oh , and i can , uh , reheat that for you if you re not hungry now .  death gestured to the bowl of soup .  thanks ,  i muttered , then inquired :  what are you reading ?  newline newline newline to this , death flipped the book so he could read the cover . this habit , which altogether makes no real sense , was one he and i shared .  uh ... well , my last read was the hitchhiker s guide to the galaxy , so i ve been on a bit of a scifi kick lately ...   that s one of my favorite serieses !  i interrupted , and then quickly apologized .  sorry . also , sorry for serieses  .  death waved his hand .  oh , no , do nt worry about it . you re sick . anyway , this is , uh , red rising ? pierce brown ?  death made the statement a question , and one which i immediately understood  he was asking what i thought of it .  that s another one of my favorite series ! although , it s on the other side of the spectrum of hitchhickers . it s kinda dark ,  i added ,  but i liked it .  newline newline newline  oh ? it seems good so far .  death added .  yeah , and it only gets better ! the world of the novel broadens up quite a bit , and it just gets better and better as the series goes on .  i continued . newline newline newline we continued this literary discussion for a while longer , and then i let him read . death told me that i d feel better with some sleep .  do nt worry ,  he said ,  take your time . i just started this .  newline newline newline author s note : newline sorry if this sucks . also , the red rising trilogy is real and great for those looking for a good read .  if you do nt like where it seems to be going at the beginning of the first book , i recommend persevering through the first book , as it does really open up !  also , i had another ending planned but scrapped it in favor of just leaving it there . you can read that below . now for some excuses : wrote on mobile , it s late , ball blah blah .  newline newline newline alternate ending  ehhhh  : newline newline newline when i woke up , i felt better , but famished . i looked over to where he was , and saw an empty chair . i had begun to think that it was some kind of hallucination from the drugs , or a fever dream of a sort , but i saw steam curling off the soup . where the other two books in the series were on my shelf was a note which simply read :  hope you do nt mind if i borrow these .  i think it  s so funny that you made  careless whispers  your ring tone ,  sophia says with a smile . she avoids direct eye contact as she speaks , choosing instead to carefully study the contents of her locker . newline newline  uh , yeah . just joking around.  i fumble with my phone , pushing every button i can to try and stop the blaring saxophone , all to no avail . the best i can do is turn it down to a lower , background level sound , so i settle for that as i rummage through my own locker to find my history book . newline newline  so i wanted to ask about your facebook event ,  sophia says . she closes her locker and slips a notebook into her backpack before facing me directly , a nervous smile still playing on her lips .  i think i  m the only person you invited , and i wanted to know if there were any more people coming.  newline newline  uh , facebook event ?  newline newline  yeah.  sophia spins a lock of her wavy brown hair between her fingers .  i mean , i love caf bourgeois , and i  m definitely going to come . i just didn  t know if it was a  she pauses , biting her lip . newline newline over sophia  s shoulder , i see ashley approaching .  i  m sorry ,  i say , turning back to my locker .  could you hold that thought ? i really need to find my history book.  newline newline  yeah , sure.  newline newline i stare into my locker , but my right shoulder can feel ashley  s warmth . after a few fruitless seconds of looking for my text book , i emerge from my locker with my most aloof look .  hey ashley . how  s it ahhh !  newline newline my phone vibrates hard in my pocket . too hard .  are you ok ?  ashley and sophia ask at the same time . newline newline  yeah , i  m fine ,  i respond , rubbing my thigh and wincing .  i think my phone is broken.  newline newline  ok.  ashley furrows her brow and closes her locker .  i  ve got to get to class . i  ll see you two later.  newline newline  bye ,  i say , my eyes following ashley as she walks down the hall .  ahh !  newline newline i reach into my pocket and pull my vibrating phone out .  i  m sorry , i say to sophia . i don  t know what  s wrong with this thing.  i unlock my phone , and am taken aback to see that my background has changed to a picture of two dogs salivating while a human hand rings a bell next to them . i open the settings and turn off vibrate . newline newline  so , as i was saying.  sophia rubs her arm .  is that facebook event your way of asking me on a date ?  newline newline i turn from my locker to sophia , and am taken aback by how pretty her deep green eyes look with light shining into them . then i realize that the light is coming from my phone  s flashlight application , which has turned on on its own . i open my mouth to speak , but am interrupted by my own voice .  uh , yeah is that ok ?  newline newline  well , yeah ,  sophia beams ,  that would be great ! i  ll see you on friday.  she picks up her backpack and walks away , still smiling . newline newline i stare down at my phone in disbelief . i press the selected sound bite on my now opened voice recording app .  uh , yeah is that ok ?  newline newline  what the hell is going on ?  i say out loud . i slip the phone back into my pocket as the school bell rings . i fumble again through my locker , searching in vain through the disorganized pile inside for my history book . i  ve almost given up when my phone vibrates again . newline newline  what now ?  i pull my phone out of my pocket , and notice that its flashlight has turned back on . before i can turn it off , i notice that the beam of light is pointed to my history textbook .  huh , thanks ,  i say , placing the book in my backpack and slamming the locker shut . if i run to class , i can still make it in time . newline newline so , i have a date with sophia ?  i think as i run . at first the thought makes me anxious , but after a few seconds , i start to warm up to it . sophia is smart , and easy to talk to , and cute . we  ll probably have a lot of newline newline my thought trails off as i run past the door of the chemistry room . i skid to a halt , and walk back to the door  s window . ashley is sitting on the other side , looking back at me . she smiles and waves . newline newline i reach up to wave back . if only i could go out with  ahh !  newline  newline newline of all the writers on this site with their own subbreddits , i m certainly one of them . more stories at rmvdww newline it  s peak mating season here at thomas jefferson high school , due in large part to an annual pairing ceremony known as  prom.  this event , in which the entire high school tribe comes together for a mass mating dance , sends males scurrying to secure an appropriately attractive female . failure to secure a potential mate can lead one to be cast out from one  s pack and reduced to  loser  status . newline newline  prom is only days away now , and most eligible females have already been claimed by the most dominant and attractive males . that makes the situation all the more dire for one kyle davis , who has unsuccessfully attempted to secure a mate thus far . but despite two rejections , kyle persists and seems to have his eye on one tessa lewis . she is widely regarded as  cute  but also  a little stuck up ,  which may explain why she too has failed to secure a date to the prom . newline newline  we find kyle at his locker , discussing strategy with his best friend and neighbor amanda . males often make nonromantic partnerships with females in this society in an attempt to share information and better understand their quarry . newline newline  i was thinking of making a sign and putting it on her car.  kyle says .  but i haven  t thought of anything funny to write on it yet.  newline newline  a common strategy for first approaching a mate , the use of a sign also tends to rely heavily on the use of a clever pun as a way of impressing the female . newline newline  yeah , maybe that will work ,  amanda mutters as she stuffs books back in her locker .  but that  s , like , what everyone is doing . it  s kind of boring , you know ?  newline newline  despite their alliance , amanda has been less than helpful in helping kyle secure a date for the prom . she offers criticisms of his strategies , but has yet to come up with any helpful solutions to his predicament . newline newline  no , you  re right.  kyle says .  it  s dumb.  newline newline  kyle turns down the hall and gazes at tessa , safe amongst her pack of fellow volleyball players . the females often travel in herds for safety , requiring any approaching male to take on the embarrassment of asking one out in public for everyone to see . few dare such a bold strategy  the males often prefer to isolate their target for a oneonone mating proposal . newline newline  why tessa , though ?  amanda asks .  i mean , she  s pretty and everything but i don  t think you two have much in common.  newline newline  though males in this society tend to be driven almost entirely by physical attributes , the females often search for a deeper connection based on shared hobbies and other interests . males like kyle are challenged to feign interest in those hobbies while attempting to lure the female into mating . newline newline  well , there  s only one way to find out , right ? i  m just going to ask her ,  kyle decides , slamming his locker shut and marching down the hall before amanda can get in a word edgewise . newline newline  what an amazing turn of events ! we  re truly lucky here , dear viewers ! our naturalists have been watching these hallway for years and have rarely seen such a stunning turnaround . in a spurofthemoment decision , it seems that kyle is willing to brave the risk of utter social embarrassment by asking tessa out in this very hallway !  kyle is sure to never forget this moment , no matter the outcome ! let  s just hope this isn  t a memory of pure shame and humiliation for him ! newline newline  hey , um tessa ?  newline newline  the entire volleyball team stops their conversation and turns to stare at poor kyle . oooh , this isn  t good , gentle viewers ! see the savage looks in their eyes , ready to shame him just as soon as their pack leader gives the signal . newline newline  ummm would you i mean , if someone hasn  t already asked you  newline newline  kyle seems to be floundering already . males of his age are susceptible to stammering and otherwise screwing up their speeches . experts who study the teenage male have suggested that their brains simply turn off while talking to beautiful women . this is in large part due to blood flow being prioritized elsewhere in the body . newline newline  what i mean is are would wouldyouliketogotothepromwithme ?  newline newline  the entire hallway is silent . in his hurry to finally blurt out the question , kyle forgot to control the volume of his voice and now everyone has heard him . the situation could not be more perilous for poor kyle . everything rides on how tessa will react , yet her face shows no sign of emotion . at this phase , one would hope for something like a lip bite or even a smile to show that she is considering his plea , but no such sign is forthcoming . newline newline tessa  s face twists into a sneer .  with you ?  she says , following by a barelycontained giggle . newline newline  ohh , there it is viewers ! the sign for her pack . the other volleyball players begin to laugh too , and kyle has been thoroughly rejected . that brightred tone of his cheeks is a clear sign that he has admitted his own defeat . all he can truly do now is hide out for a bit and hope that the shame of the rejection soon passes . newline newline  i can  t believe i was so stupid ,  kyle mutters to amanda as he returns to his locker newline newline  as always , amanda is there to comfort kyle after such a rejection . though most members of the high school society will lower their opinion of kyle after this , it doesn  t seem to have affected amanda at all . newline newline  it  s all right ,  she says , placing a hand on his arm .  i  m sure you  ll find someone to take to prom  she smiles , waiting for him to look up . newline newline  doubt it  he responds .  i  m a complete loser . no one will ever want to date me.  he brushes off amanda  s arm and heads down the hall , away from the stilllaughing pack of volleyball players .  i got ta go to history . see you later.  newline newline amanda watches him leave , and lets out a sigh . newline newline  there you have it , viewers . our subject kyle made a valiant effort at securing a mate , but unfortunately today was just not his day . perhaps tomorrow , he  ll be able to view his existing relationships with a bit more clarity . tune in next time on the wild world of high school to find out ! newline newline   newline newline  as requested , here is part 2 !   https : www.reddit.comrlunalovewellcomments63e5z3promseasondftj9lo two worlds collide . but they re not different worlds  they re the same world  earth  from different times ! now , the postapocalyptic future is coming back to life . you , just some regular guy adolf hitler , lead the escape with the silly superpower you just discovered . there s a portal back home in a boring old office building that seems totally normal , but everyone in there is god , and that building runs the entire universe . unfortunately , you can only enter this portal through a computer monitor , and only when the browser is open to a meta writing prompt ! you scroll past the  pi  and  pm  posts whose sole comments are from the bot and ... something about this prompt compels you . the coincidence op thought up is just too brilliant . it s a good thing you re immortal and can control time , you can make plenty of it to respond to this ! newline newline you mash at the keyboard , ignoring the need for proper punctuation . no one will mind . in your story , the twist is that there is no twist . your tale involves some wacky anachronism and a cryptic , vaguely threatening message left by a mysterious group . you play it straight . your hero , an actor who is unaware he s in a movie , is in reality a superhero  not that he knows that , because a gritty fbi agent is covering everything up . but the agent is supposed to be dead . the number above his head hit zero weeks ago . newline newline edit : hitlerthe mountain loomed ahead as the flood of humanity that was the endless army filled the valley . created by a lake long dry in some ancient age and surrounded by towering peaks on three sides , it was the gateway to the north for the great empire , the last line of natural defence for the barbarian tribes . snow capped their peaks and many jutting crags held trees , clinging to the cliff faces and standing tall in proud defiance . tents began to grow from the ground , bursting forth like flowers in spring , splitting the lush grass , filling the valley with brown and beige , with trampled ground and the destruction caused by the disease of mass humanity . newline newline the war , if it could be called that , burned brightly and quickly . even though the tribes had formed an uneasy alliance , they were disorganized with far inferior weaponry . they would have been killed even faster if it was nt for their absolute lack of fear . they died in droves , fighting like rabid animals to the last . even with mortal wounds , they fought on , long after death should have consumed them . consume them it did though as the slaughter consumed the land , step by step , mile by mile , until finally it arrived at the last defence . newline newline the mountain range was well named deus fingers , as five of the tallest peaks stood in a row , the tallest in the middle . it was on this mountain that the last warrior stood . on the top , silently watching , unmoving , watching death fill the valley . his death , his people s death . the end of days . an imposing figure once , the last warrior was now a mere shadow of his former self . wrinkles covered his face , some hidden by an impressive white beard . scars crisscrossed all visible skin , carved into what had clearly been toned muscle in younger days . his tattered dark green and black kilt hung down over his knees , supported by a leather belt that had seen more winters than most people get to . a single strap crossed his chest , holding the massive sword at his back , its chipped and broken blade telling the story of a thousand battles . dark eyes studied the valley , a calmness in them , earned in battle , forged by fire . leaning a single hand on the massive boulder behind him , he breathed in . a lifetime lived too long brought him to this place at this time . he turned his eyes to the sun , and closed them , summoning up the strength on which he had always relied . one final time . newline newline at first there was a noise , a roar of defiance , a cry of pain and sorrow and hatred that obliterated the silence of the hills , echoing across the encampment . all movement , all work ceased as soldiers stared at the mountain top from which the cry had come . then , as the echoes faded into the distance , gone forever , a rock fell , dropping for a few seconds through open space . the impact shook the mountain as it destroyed the mighty trees , crashed over cliff and crag , a landslide starting in its wake . newline newline in the landslide was the body of a man . the last warrior of an extinct tribe . allowed at last to give his life for his people . one final act in defiance of the inevitable . many died in the valley that day , but no death brought such peace to the one who experienced it as the last act of a warrior , finally freed .no one saw it coming . the asteroid was 500 meters on its long axis and traveling at nearly 90 kilometers per second . it struck 15 miles north of minneapolis and gouged out a crater 10 miles across . the fireball rose into the sky like the unblinking eye of an alien god , burning with fury and malice . the city was destroyed , along with much of southeastern minnesota and northwestern wisconsin . the scale of the damage could only be described as biblical . fire and debris rained down from the sky hundreds of miles away , and the jet stream pushed the towering pillar of ash to the east , where it would fall like snow across hundreds of cities , blocking out the sun for days . newline newline in the height of the midwestern summer , a strange winter had come . i remember riding in a truck filled with other emergency personnel , a piled in and racing at top speed across the surviving roads . it was like a scene from the end of days . the pressure wave had toppled every structure , every tree , every blade of grass . it was all pounded flat like a heavenly fist has slammed into it . not an entirely inaccurate analogy . bridges were gone . rivers were gone . their waters had been ripped up and boiled by the heat and pressure . cars and trucks were hurtled miles through the air , reduced to the crunched and mangled remains one might find in a junkyard . i thought it was impossible anyone could have possibly survived the terrible onslaught . and still , we drove onward , into the heart of the destruction looking for survivors . newline newline the media reported that anywhere within 20 miles of the impact site would have a 100  fatality rate , but emergency services had received more then a few panicked radio calls from where minneapolis had once been asking for help on shortwave . we humans are a tenacious bunch . newline newline our truck was all volunteer workers . the army and national guard had been mobilized , but they were focused on the outlying areas , cities where most people had survived the blast but had been injured . there were buildings burning out there , collapsed , every window shattered , the streets filled with glass a blood . and then of course , the looting had started , forcing emergency services to concentrate on helping those they could reach . newline newline this far into the blast zone though , an eerie quiet had descended over the land . there were no birds , no sirens , no noise at all save for the sound of our truck s engine and the tires crunching on debris and ruined pavement . newline newline it took days to pick our way inwards towards the city . as we grew closer , there was less and less to see . even the grass was gone . the ground had been scoured clean as if god had just wiped away everything . occasionally some forlorn structure would be spotted , standing alone on the endless plain like a lost sentinel . the corner of a steel framed building , the trunk of a tree , a smooth concrete foundation that had been tilted to the side by the colossal forces unleashed against the land . newline newline the bridge over the st. claire river was gone . so was the st. claire river . the only sign that a river had been there were the huge barges tossed hundreds of feet across the pulverized remains of lakeland , and the huge concrete pylons embedded in what was once a riverbed . newline newline we set up our camp on raspberry island , or what would have been raspberry island if there was still a mississippi river . even the mighty mississippi had been ripped away , nothing left but silt drying in the weak , ash clouded sun . across the river  was what had been st. paul . the skyscrapers had all toppled over into towering heaps of metal and stone , the small buildings were just gone . what was left of them had probably been flung hundreds of miles south by the ferocious wind . newline newline we erected our radio mast , rising defiantly above the destruction , and began broadcasting our location . tents went up next . housing , medical , a cafeteria , and an administrative building . we could handle up to 500 survivors , and looking at the scale of destruction , that many seemed exceedingly optimistic . newline newline still , they came . looking wide eyed and haggard , clothed in whatever intact scraps they could find . when the first group of survivors forded the muddy river bottom , they looked to all the world like zombies , covered in dirt and mud . it was three men , two women , and two children . we got them fed and cleaned up and they passed out before we had a chance to ask them about their experiences . newline newline i was sitting outside looking out over the ruined city when toby , one of our medics , came up to me and sat down , stealing my cigarette from between my fingers and taking a long drag . newline newline  hey man , try asking .  i said with an unhappy grunt as i fished another cigarette out of my pack . newline newline  there s something weird going on jen .  toby said worriedly . newline newline  no shit , its the end of the fucking world practically . you expect anything to be normal ?  i snorted and lit the new cigarette , inhaling the smooth menthol and nicotine burn . newline newline  that s not what i meant . that group we brought in ? they did nt have a scratch on them . not one . they were as close to perfectly healthy as i ve ever seen a person be . how does that happen ?  newline newline  dumb luck ?  i suggested with a shrug of my shoulders .  there were a few million people living around here , some of them were bound to get lucky . that s why we re here right ?  newline newline  not that lucky .  toby answered .  i expected broken bones , burns , cuts , scrapes . i mean hell , i got blisters just putting up the tents . those people looked ... perfect . flawless .  he shook his head .  i ca nt explain it .  newline newline  you sure there s anything to explain ? give it a few days , wait for some more survivors to get in , it was probably a fluke . or maybe they had a fallout shelter or something they hid in .  newline newline toby nodded his head , looking out in the fading light , took another drag of his cigarette , and fell to the ground unconscious .bollocks . i knew it , i just fucking knew it . i should nt have listened to him , i should have never listened to him . last time i m drinking  well , anything . newline shit . newline  troll people  they said .  live a little  they said . newline well now i m fucking dead . newline ok , ok , i can solve this . maybe i should mention the game ? no , no . that might anger people . ok , what s the opposite of trolling ? right , i know . i need pictures of those pencil topping trolls from the 90 s , people fucking love nostalgia . ok , so a troll , what else ? think dammit , think . ok , do nt think , just post . post , post , post . right . that s the troll up loaded . now what ? newline newline bacon newline newline ok . i need to message everyone i ve ever known , and get them to message everyone they ve ever known , and i ll make out that i m searching for a special troll , one from my childhood . i ll need to make a back story , and a sign , oh my i need to make a sign . i ll look sombre , i ll underline bits of it , i ll involve a cat , the internet loves cats . i ve got this . deep breaths . newline newlineshit , they followed me . i walked to the hideout  a cave dug in a mountain . the inside was decorated with what we had brought from earth after several trips . i went over the sandy hill and jumped down , and turned to see our doors . the fake rose had nt been watered  i was right . newline newline i brought the radio closer to my ear and pressed the button .  i m on my way , did anyone water the plant ?  newline newline a few seconds of silence , and the radio beeped .  this is an emergency .  definitely kevin s voice ... newline newline ... newline newline wrong answer . newline newline i tossed the explosives and teleported back to the top of the mountain . a beep .  three moksht .  newline newline three more . the rest of them are somewhere .i should never had said  yes  to the first white coat that sniffed around my place . but i was younger then , nave enough to believe that he was heavensent . after all , i had met many who believed that no sleep would set them free to accomplish so much . what if i could contribute to this dream ? what if i could help shed light on such a mystery ? imagine now a true life expectancy of a hundred plus for everyone , an extra third of life given back for free . newline newline but when one came , so did many with professional jealousies .  please , please ,  they said , and i acquiesced again . until i spent at least half my day tied to their machines . prodding , poking , probing , providing data i would never see . i became just numbers to them , an eminent career that they could see . when i finally realized , i just wanted to be me . apart with a dog , hell , even a wife and some kids . not a part of their scientific machine . newline newline but rebellion is tricky when you ve said  yes  so many times , and a utilitarian outlook shapes so many scientific minds . so now i was psychotic , a danger to myself . i had to be committed , or i  d hurt somebody else . really , i just want to sleep and dream myself a dream . but other  s dreams are now my reality , and i  m just left to scream .below the electric blue sky , there are bright yellow meadows sloping and stretching over to kiss the horizon . a beautiful blend of dandelions , perfectly reflecting the afternoon shower of sunlight . this is where i live . newline newline a young mousy girl with freckled cheeks kneels down behind the fallingapart stone wall , below the drooping tree , in the only small area of darker emerald grass . fluffy white seed pods stand upright in the summer breeze . she closes her eyes with childhood enthusiasm , forming little wrinkles at the corners , and this is when i begin my glide across the fields , and hover above the girl like an invisible shadow of time . newline newline  i wish ,   she whispers , eyes still pressed firmly closed ,  that my daddy does nt go to australia .  newline newline a soft innocent blow swirls from her pursed lips and the white fluff hovers into the air and spreads through the sky , soft pure mother nature against the blue backdrop like a crowd of doves . the little girl opens her eyes and drops the empty stem to the shaded ground . she whisks away in wondrous delight , her giggle echoing right down to the wooden farm in the valley , where a farmer probably smiles at the easiness of life . but now i have a job , and so i shadowhover away in the opposite direction , for i am the wish . newline newline a knock on the door . the tall slim mother frowns and climbs up from her reposing sofa magazine comfort , and walks over to the front door in bizarre curiosity . she opens it to find two police men , with the red and blue lights flashing behind them . newline newline  mrs . hemmings ?  asks the short one , both with straight faces . ah , the soulcrushing silent nod of fear in return . newline newline  it s mr. hemmings ,  says the policeman .  he s ... he s been in a car crash .  newline newline mrs. hemmings shakes her head in that awful adult denial . newline newline  he s dead ,   they say apologetically , holding their hats around their groins , not knowing what else to say . newline newline ah , my work is done here . i sail from the pebbledash walls , glide over the prickly hedges and drift away upwards into the shooting star sky , ready to take more commands on this purple evening of delight . for how many times must i tell you ?  be careful what you wish for , young child . newline newline newline newline newlinethere are fifteen of us , six men , four women , and five children . they feed us the best food any of us have ever eaten , but they refuse to tell us what they plan to do with us . they are insect like aliens . something like an ant and a grasshopper , but that does nt really do them justice . they almost look worm like too . newline newline the ship lands . the journey is two weeks . we have gained a few pounds . the group of us are lead to an arena . i am worried now . i fear that we are going to be a part of some zoo or part of some scary experiment , but the arena is empty in the core . i can hear them chirping and clicking though . one of them shows us armor and weapons and disappears . i look at everyone around me . i fear the worst . i do nt know for sure , but they seem to think we should kill each other . newline newline all of the exits are secured with lasers . the aliens are safe from us . a door opens on the other side , and something , some terrible thing with pincers and claws and jaws appears . i grab the armor and put it on . i throw it to everyone else and grab a weapon . i pick up a lance and throw it at the creature . newline newline the lance flies through the air and rips the creature back and pins it against the wall . i pick up a sword and leap at it and cut off its head . i land with a thud . i feel like fucking superman . the other humans are waiting with their weapons ready . the crowd chirps and clicks and hums . i do nt know if it s a good thing or a bad thing , but the door opens again . the creatures are terrifying , but we attack them with ease . each one dies quickly . the crowd emits a deafening sound . newline newline the same alien that lead us in approaches us slowly . he chirps , and i hear english . newline newline  what is your name ?  newline newline  jonah .  newline newline  jonah , we have looked for champions to fight for us for many lurons . we have never encountered beings as strong as you . would you beings be our champions ?  newline newline i look at the others . newline newline  can we go home afterward ?  newline newline  yes , jonah .  newline newline  newline part 2 is coming . oh , i also have a subreddit : rnickkuvaas are you sure this is right ?  newline newline paul demarco , presidential candidate and former governor , was looking at the papers handed to him by his chief of staff . newline newline  yes , sir ,  said his chief , matt .  the survey is saying that more than 90  of voters do not support santa and will not vote for a candidate who is seen as supporting him .  newline newline  matt , this is stupid ,  paul retorted dismissively .  santa is a fictional character for children , my campaign will not waste time with such trivialities .  newline newline  sir ,  his chief advisor , karen , chimed in ,  if i may interject , i think in an election as close as this , we need to dot all the i s and cross all the t s . what if your opponent decides to say you support santa ?  newline newline  do you hear yourself ?  paul angrily sucked his teeth .  this ca nt really be happening .  newline newline  we need to put out ads that counter the traditional image of santa ,  matt said , whipping out a few papers of proposals he already had started on . newline newline  tell me you did nt make those last night , matt , before even speaking to me about this .  matt ignored paul s comment and instead took out his first sketch . newline newline  this one is a commercial that is based on the hunger games trilogy . it is a fictional reindeer games  competition which portrays santa as a tyrannical animal abuser .  newline newline paul s jaw nearly dropped . newline newline  this next one showcases santa as a corporate shill who pushes black friday to sell his wares . you can step in as someone pushing to help the elves union ...  newline newline  elves union ?  paul stood up and aggressively grabbed the papers from matt s hands . he saw a few additional ideas , including one that showed santa peering into children s rooms with a strange grin and the line  it s christmas eve . do you know where your children are ?  newline newline  let me see this supposed survey ,  paul said angrily .  now .  newline newline he took a look at the table that would explain to him how , exactly , santa became so unpopular overnight . he scanned and scanned until he saw what he was looking for . newline newline there , above a number that read  no , 92   , was the question he was looking for : newline newline  would you support a candidate who supports satan ? earth . the capital of the human empire . the jewel of sol .  newline newline newline an impenetrable fortress of the most highlytrained men in the empire . the elite . the last of the human starfleet has been cornered around the vicinity of their moon . fleets 7 , 10 , and 15 are all but remain . general kaart entered the chamber to consult his advisor , an ethereal being called orbius . ethereal beings are the most intelligent , rarest and mysterious lifeforms known . having survived millennia of evolution in the most inhospitable regions of the milky way , they have transformed into all but a green , levitating eye orbited by rings . newline newline newline enlightened one , we are close to utterly eradicating the last pockets of human life off the face of the universe . they stand nullchance . newline newline newline   humans are vile creatures but they are nt without determination .   said orbius .   they will put up a fight .   newline newline newline  what do you propose , enlightened one ?  said kaart . newline newline newline   there is a way to crush the humans without lifting a receptor .  orbius said .   deliver me to them and their fall will follow .   newline newline newline earth  human empire command newline newline newline admiral tarus gulped up the rest of the coffee . he sat worryingly with his hands on the war table , witnessing the playback of fleet 6 s destruction over mars . with supplies dwindling , his only hope was that the alien armada goes down with him .  sir , something urgent is going on . you need to watch this .  his aide called . newline newline newline indeed it was a surprise .   humans , you are in a great peril . in this darkest hour , i have come to offer assistance . i am orbius . what you call an ethereal being . i believe from the depths of my wisdom that you deserve a chance at life .  orbius revealed himself on every human network in the building . newline newline newline admiral tarus took off his glasses .  what ... the fuck ...  every person around him had the same astonishment . humans have heard many legends of ethereal beings . they were in the stories said to children . every explorer , conqueror , runofthemill thug and robber dreamt about meeting one . it is known that they could bend spacetime at a whim . whomever that possesses the knowledge of one could literally be the king of the universe . newline newline newline admiral tarus replied to the holoscreen . words struggling to form at his mouth .  orbius . i am honored ... to be met by your kind . all ... of us are . what ... do you propose ?  newline newline newline orbius said ,   admiral tarus . i have heard of your prowess in defeating the raygorian stormfleet off the cesla system . my eye has perceived your accomplishments near and far . after this war , i will be humbled to work with you .   newline newline newline tarus stuttered .  orb ... orbius . i am so ... so honored . we shall restore order to the galaxy together ... we can  newline newline newline before tarus could finish , orbius interrupted . his angelic voice abruptly turned a lifeless , depressed low .   i m sorry , admiral tarus , but ... i m afraid my eye has detected a disturbance . it is very unforeseen .   newline newline newline tarus immediately piped ,  what , what could possibly baffle an ethereal being such as yourself ? !  newline newline newline orbius blurted .   han ching of the asian union . he has the most military might out of all the human empire . more battle victories even . i m afraid i prefer to advise such a character .   newline newline newline tarus roared ,  how can he ... han is but a lucky bastard . he is not worthy of your advice . please reconsider !  newline newline newline orbius erupted .   my decision is final ! i m sorry admiral tarus , but your subordinates have more knowhow than you . i believe andrei parssons of the european fleet would be a more viable choice . if you do not agree , i suggest you take it to the battlefield .   newline newline newline admiral tarus gleefully agreed .  i ll show you , ethereal being , that i am but the mightiest of them all .  he turned to his officers in the command room , and with a smirk on his moustache , he ordered ,  execute order 66 .  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlineso ... i did nt really get to the crux of the prompt . this is more the set up to what would be a longer story . it s set at an anime con because that s where all of my youthful experience in crushing on jerks while ignoring the nice guys who were crushing on me happened . sorry if it is too incomplete to post !  edited for format  newline newline  newline newline andy , gabe , josh , and janie tumbled into the room , tripping over piles of brochures , empty cups , plastic armor parts , and other bits of con detritus . gabe rolled over the unmade bed and onto his back .  i can  t believe it !  he cried . newline newline josh jumped on top of him , bouncing the bed a couple of times .  believe it , man ! it  s over . done ! you didn  t win , and they  re not going to tell us who did win.  newline newline janie pulled off her long green wig and sat on the edge of the other bed . the one that was hers alone at andy  s insistence , even though it meant two of the boys had to sleep on the floor .  it makes sense ,  she said .  i mean , if everyone knew who won , then as soon as someone started liking that person , like , everyone would know , right ? and how would you feel if you fell in love with someone and then someone told that they  d just won a love potion and probably gave it to you ?  newline newline gabe sat up , pushing josh away .  yeah , but you wouldn  t care ! because you  d be in love with them !  he crashed back against the pillows and gave an exaggerated cry .  kaia ! ! ! ! my one chance with you ! gone ! ! ! !  newline newline josh threw a pillow at him .  you wouldn  t have a chance with kaia with a million love potions , man . she is above you . you are beneath her.  gabe clutched his heart and rolled off the bed . newline newline andy leaned against the dresser , which had gone unused for the entire weekend .  what i think is that there never really was a love potion.  he had a slight southern accent and a more than slight weight problem .  i mean , think about it . a love potion ? have you ever heard of a love potion ? and now all of the sudden there is one , and they  re giving it away as a prize at an anime convention ? it doesn  t make any sense . right janie ?  newline newline janie smiled .  you  re probably right.  her hand instinctively went to her pocket and closed around the small glass vial . newline newline andy started to say something else , but was interrupted when bradley burst into the room .  that was some bull shit.  bradley complained , throwing his mandalorian helmet onto janie  s bed . newline newline she picked it up .  careful ! i know you re mad , but it s not worth messing up your kit.  she had done most of the paintwork on the helmet . newline newline  fuck my kit and fuck this fucking con.  bradley searched the countertop for the alcoholic remains of the previous night  s party . finding a nearly empty bottle of southern comfort , he yanked the paper cover off of a complimentary coffee mug , poured out what was left , and drank .  we assure you.  he sneered , affecting the selfimportant tone of the con organizer who announced the fate of the grand prize .  the prize is real , but out of respect for the winner  s wishes , we are keeping their identity a secret.  he drained the mug of alcohol and sank onto janie  s bed .  when are we leaving ?  newline newline  i kind of wanted to go to the ace attorney panel ,  janie said apologetically ,  but if we need to go  newline newline  i can drive you , janie.  andy said .  we can clean up here , and still be ready in time for checkout.  newline newline josh added ,  my mom won  t even be here  til one.  newline i ve come for you .  ezekiel glanced at the rather tall figure at the foot of his bed .  bro , it s been a long day . i ve had so many appointments . it s all rather irritating .  newline newline  you have to come .  the tall figure replied .  i know , i know . you re early , by the way .   am i ?   yes . i could have taken a nap but nooooooo . mr punctual shows up five minutes early .   i apologize tragedy . i did not realise there were so many tragic deaths today.   whatever .  newline newline ezekiel walked towards the door , stepping into his shoes .  you coming ?  he asked .  obviously . i am , after all , the guest speaker at the convention of death .  newline newlinethe onyx gate  part 1  chapter 5 : the soulstealer s shadow   read from the beginning here .   https : www.reddit.comrniuniversecomments3ndvtstheonyxgatetheonyxseriesbook2cvn4mc7  newline newline  newline newline small lights that had been hastily drilled into the walls lit the way down the stairs as they curved here and there , with jagged steps that made even himntor cautious . after a minute it smoothed out and a hallway stretched forth . another minute passed , and the group reached a gaping entrance to a nondescript cavern filled with strange machinery . workers were analyzing every inch of the place with devices mounted on the bracer of their onyx jackets . newline newline  by my ashes , i know this place ,  himntor said quietly while scanning the scene . newline newline cleran nodded slowly , but the rest of the group turned to himntor in confusion . newline newline  we only just discovered it ,  isaac said .  how could you know it ?  newline newline  cleire told me about it ,  himntor said , moving further into the cave . the group followed him to a large metal casket that sat near the center , standing nearly five feet high and surrounded by dozens of glass tubes that were attached to one of the nearby machines .  she was in here ,  he continued .  she told me about waking up in this drenched in green liquid , with those tubes sucking it away . all of this was used to rip her spirit right out of her , without killing her.  newline newline cleran scowled while everyone else gaped . newline newline  who is cleire ?  ethan asked . newline newline  my daughter ,  himntor said .  she is one of the appointed . somehow , a man named brick clayson captured her and brought her here to study her spirit.  he looked at a nearby glass container , large enough to hold a man , and walked up to it .  this is where he kept it.  newline newline  that thing does not feel right ,  jasper said with a grimace . newline newline  none of this will ,  cleran said .  we shouldn  t be here . this place was never meant to be discovered.  newline newline something at the far end of the cave caught nylie  s eye .  maybe it was ,  she said , motioning the others to follow her . the end of the cave hadn  t been lit , so she projected a globe of light from her palm , revealing an old , withered skeleton sitting in front of a desk . a small recorder sat in the skeleton  s palm , which nylie picked up and played . newline newline an old , sickly voice spoke . newline newline  she was right she was right . this was all for the hope that i could prove i was right , to show those ignorant redheads that my work was safe , but instead i built my tomb . useless ! i had her , i could see her , she was real . i could have learned so much , but i let her go . she was right . i didn  t understand , and i can  t remember . i no longer want to remember ! i just want to be free of my chains . will she remember ? will she understand ? or am i lost ? i can not go on , not with this . all a waste . but maybe someone else will find me . yes , that is why i am here.  the voice chuckled and coughed .  the gods work in strange ways , but i figured them out . that is how i captured her . it was simply meant to be . and when you are meant to be here , you will be . it is the gods  will . they know all , they see all . i understand now , so i will sit here and wait for you . you must use what i  ve done , these horrible things , and use them to make things right . then she will remember . yes she will . do not forget her.  newline newline there was silence for a time . the workers had gathered around to listen , expressions confused . cleran looked sick . nylie put the recorder on the desk with a frown . newline newline  he was mad ,  himntor said solemnly .  the most deranged a man could get . his niux spirit was stripped from him , and he used technology to get it back , or some form of it . it drove him insane . cleire had spoken fondly of him though.  newline newline jasper backed out of the crowd , looking ready to vomit . nylie grimaced , also feeling disgusted . how could a niux lose their power , then gain it back through technology ? that was impossible . but if it wasn  t , and could be reproduced without the madness what else was possible ? newline newline halker and jonathan seemed to be having the same thoughts , from the glint in their eyes . we have to learn more ,  it said . newline newline  councilor ,  a man  s voice called from the back ,  i found pages on how to build new gateways ! it has everything . come see !  newline newline in moments , halker and the rest of them were standing over a table with a spread of papers and books . only one of the books was open , one page showing a sketch of a gateway , the other detailing the materials and process to build it . part of it , at least . there were five more pages of added instructions and notes . newline newline  will this work ?  halker asked . newline newline  we won  t know until we build it ,  jonathan said . newline newline  then get started . scan all the pages you need and pick a secluded spot to build it.  newline newline jonathan nodded and held up his bracer to the book and began scanning . newline newline  i know a good spot ,  nylie said .  on the northeast side of heaven  s peak , there  s a flat open space , plenty of room for a gateway.  newline newline  sounds perfect ,  jonathan said .  isaac , jasper , take a group over there and get things set up.  newline newline isaac and jasper nodded and began selecting a few out from the crowd , himntor and cleran included as they demanded to go along . newline newline himntor grasped his brother  s shoulders .  we  ll finally be going home !  newline newline cleran nodded shortly .  maybe.  newline newline everything began moving quickly . isaac and jasper went away with the others , while everyone else got to scanning the books and papers on the table , or making holographic models of the machinery . nylie stared at brick  s skeleton , wondering . if technology could give a human niux abilities , could it give them to an a.i as well ? newline newline she began scanning the books and papers , and frowned at what she was finding .born with blue eyes ? well , that means you have the power of invisibility . go anywhere you want , hide from those you don  t want to see you , well you get the idea . newline newline those born with brown eyes can fly . it definitely makes getting around a lot easier for them , but they can  t go invisible like the blues . newline newline green eyes , although a bit on the rare side grants the holder with super strength and super speed . these are the ones i have been told to look out for . newline newline then there was me . i am the only known person in the world to have been born with black eyes . countless years of people staring , media attention , scientific studies , and no one knew what it meant , but we were about to find out . newline newline the powers reveal themselves on a person  s eighteenth birthday . for me , that was less than three minutes away . normal kids would have parties and be around family and friends . i on the other hand am sat with many military members , a few doctors , a large audience and a couple of cameras all looking at me . newline newline right now , i am the most famous person on this planet . i don  t want to be , and i  m hoping nothing comes of it when the clock strikes midnight , but this is new stomping ground for everybody . newline newline my family we  re amongst the crowd . i could see my dad back there with his party hat on . always a character . newline newline  five seconds remaining ,  a doctor beside me said . newline newline i didn  t feel any different . newline newline  three ,  he continued .  two , one , midnight.  newline newline right as the clock struck midnight i began to float . i could fly ? maybe my eyes were brown after all . newline newline  where did she go ?  one of the doctors asked , puzzled . newline newline i  m invisible too ? and this noise , what is all this noise . i think it  s their thoughts . i can hear heart beats and minds . i can see farther that i  ve ever seen before . newline newline  chloe ? are you there ?  my dad asks in a room full of crowded people . newline newline i focus on bringing myself back to the room . i land in a corner behind the onlookers with a huge bang . maybe i  ve got to get used to this stuff . i shake my head a little and hear my father scream out . newline did i look funny ? had my appearance changed ? then as i stood up , i realized the problem . in the fall i had impaled myself upon a light fixture . weird , i didn  t feel it at all . newline newline i grabbed a chunk of glass currently wedged in my arm and removed it , blood dripping everywhere . the wound it left behind healed right up . i looked up at the room full of people and took a deep breath newline newline my life is never going to be normal again .it was nt that hard . he was exactly where they said he d be , and the so called  resistance  amounted to four poorly trained bodyguards that could nt shoot for shit . newline newline two months ago the first whispers in nearly ten years of his whereabouts made their way to the ears of some higherups . three separate agents were able to confirm the validity of the claims , and a surveillance had been established . newline newline he never left his compound . newline newline two gardeners were constantly not gardening on the property , more just standing around , and two house cleaners who carried a lot of cleaning equipment came and went in turns . newline newline there was a woman and a boy , who was estimated to be around ten years old , who would visit everyday . newline newline someone chose saturday . there was some significance , but it was nt communicated to me . i had my orders . newline newline my men had been  my men  for the past seven years . we knew each others strengths , weaknesses , fears , and turnons . secrets do nt exist when you re constantly in the shit . and the shit we d seen and been in was who we were now . newline newline the sun , still making its way into the sky , was at our backs as we blasted a hole in the compound wall . the two gardeners necks were broken before the blast had finished ringing in their ears , and the cleaners did nt have time to wipe the dust from their eyes before two bullets did a neat job of wiping them away . newline newline he was standing behind the couch with his back against the wall . his eyes told no lies : he was not afraid . he had obviously expected it  after what he had done , after all these years . newline newline the boy was sobbing in the corner . newline newline one of my men lifted him by the collar of his dusty green shirt . he pulled a knife out and slit the boy s throat . newline newline his mother cried out . she had been crouched behind the couch . she dove to the body of her once beloved son . she tried to hold in the blood spilling from his throat  she tried to hold in her breath and pain . newline newline one of my men shot her in the head . newline newline he did not flinch . he stayed staring at me . newline newline i suppose he thought he was telling me something with those bulging , bloodshot eyes of his . newline newline i suppose one day they ll tell me . newline newline i keep them in this little jar .i definitely liked the plot of this story ! ! at first i was nt sure how adina was going to tie into the fashion business plot , and i thought having jacque be her husband was definitely a clever touch . i think you ve set the stage for an interesting relationship corporate drama plot . great job ! newline newline one thing you seemed to do a lot is show instead of tell . especially in the beginning , i felt like you described a lot about jonas , like what he was wearing , why he was in france , etc. , without letting the reader determine those things on their own by showing them through dialogue or actions jonas was taking . this is especially important towards the beginning of the chapter  first impressions of jonas  the writing style and whatnot .  newline newline anyway , nice job ! i definitely liked your plot idea and would be interested in reading more . you were boiling an egg ?  newline newline traffic on the 405 . stop and go . mostly stop . newline newline  yeah , an egg .  newline newline  one egg .  newline newline  one egg . that s it . i do nt know who s wise idea it was to keep oven mitts on top of the stove awning  is that even what you call it ?  newline newline  where the vents are , sure .  newline newline  yeah . that thing is literally a slippery slope . mitt fell right the fuck onto the stove and caught fire .  newline newline jon cackles in the passenger seat . jon the platelet . benji the platelet . benji the platelet , blocking up a hard artery in west america , planet earth . newline newline you re not in traffic , you are traffic .  where have i heard that before ? newline newline  you re an idiot dude , you almost burnt the house down boiling an egg ? how does that happen ? there s like , more water than fire .  newline newline  i was doing laundry at the same time . i folded everything and got lost on reddit . forgot i was hungry .  newline newline  dude , that s why you do nt leave shit unsupervised in the kitchen .  newline newline  the landlords did nt install a fucking smoke alarm , it would nt have been that bad . kevin almost died .  newline newline jon cackles again , fighting tears . newline newline i raise my voice for emphasis . newline newline  dude sleeps past two in the afternoon , and has the gall to tell people to quiet down . i m doing fucking chores , asshole !  newline newline  wait , he did nt know ?  newline newline  no dude ! it was nt until mike came home , like twenty minutes after the thing caught on fire that he started screaming at me , benji , what the fuck are you doing , man ?  and i walk out . you know how my hallway has a bend ?  newline newline  yeah .  newline newline  i had no idea . thought the neighbors were barbecuing . smoke did nt come to my door , but once you step out , you ca nt see shit . like literally , hold your hand in front of you and it s lost .  newline newline  kevin slept through all of this ?  newline newline  totally . he had like a six inch pocket of air hanging over him , because the armrests on the sofa were that much higher than his face . looked like he was in a coffin . actually i think he probably woke up and decided it was okay if he just died .  newline newline  shit , not like he pays rent anyway .  newline newline we sit in silence . newline newline stop . newline newline go . newline newline stop again . newline newline i break the silence with a chuckle , then jon joins in . my abs burn . my fitness training for the day . newline newline  christ , what is happening ? let s go , people ! let s pretend we have lives to live , god dammit !  newline newline  i can walk faster than this .  newline newline  oh , my god . i think it s clearing up ahead .  newline newline  yeah , looks like there s an accident on the other side .  newline newline  dammit man , somebody better have died for this .  newline newline i swerve to the left lane , and like a breath of fresh air after crawling through a collapsed mine , i m finally going . newline newline  bro .  newline newline  shit !  newline newline i slam on the brakes but it s too late . there s some cholo crushed beneath my wheels . newline newline  oh fuck , oh fuck , i m sorry dude .  newline newline  are you serious ? !  newline newline we get out of the car . cholo is barely breathing . newline newline  you okay man ? can you stand ?  newline newline  he s coughing blood , his eyes are like , super dilated , dude . i do nt think he s going to make it .  newline newline  shut the fuck up jon ! you re not being helpful .  newline newline  what are you going to do ?  newline newline  i do nt know !  newline newline  cops are right there , i can see them .  newline newline  i know !  newline newline  what are you going to do ?  newline newline  what the fuck do you want me to do man ! hey dude , hang in there . fuck !  newline newline i watch helplessly as his breaths become shorter and farther between . his eyes focus farther and farther into the sky . newline newline then suddenly ... newline newline  i think i m going to by an egg timer .  newline newline  what ? !  newline newline  if i get some asiago , chorizo , and onions , i can make a pretty mean frittata .  newline newline  you want to go to the store ?   newline newline and some russet potatoes and bell peppers .  newline newline maybe even some avocados and extra onions for a nice guac . guac has always been about onions . that s where all the flavor and texture comes from . do nt forget cilantro and lemon . newline newline newline newline newlinepart one : a very ebenezer halloween newline newline  excuse me mr. scrooge i was hoping i could get halloween off ?  john everyman asked shyly to his shrewd boss one mr. ebenezer scrooge . newline newline  no ,  mr. scrooge said dusting off an ipad . ebenezer didn  t become manager of the apple store by letting people take off commercial holidays . newline newline  why sir !  john pleaded ,  its halloween my girlfriend savana is dressing up like a sexy bee , if i was allowed off , one man to another i will totally pound that.  newline newline ebenezer sat unmoved ,  halloween humbug ! no , you will stay overnight and do inventory or by god i swear boy you will be with all the other drama majors , sucking cock for crack money down on hard knock  s avenue.  newline newline  please sir anything but that ,  john says hands together on his knees . newline newline  then shut your trap , and get to it !  ebenezer retorts putting on his hipster cat jacket and leaving for home . newline ebenezer fumbled for his keys to his ford focus when two gentlemen approached . newline newline  sir , its halloween and not all kids can afford costumes , how about a donation to the poor ?  the gentlemen asked politely . newline newline ebenezer snorted sarcastically , sure of his own mental superiority and said ,  i don  t believe in your corporate bullshit holidays . disposable halloween costumes destroy the rainforest and skanky costumes are the work of fat shamming cis gendered men who promote the patriarchy ,  before entering his car and driving away leaving the gentlemen with fallen jaws and confused looks from hearing a halfdozen words previously unknown to them . newline newline ebenezer came home to his studio apartment and immediately fed his portly cat reddit.com . ebenezer snorted as he settled into bed at the thought of john everyman having to do stock on halloween and before long was asleep . newline ebenezer woke at about two with a specter at the base of his ironic racecar bed . the figure was the old assistant manager rod cox . newline newline  rod ! you  re dead ! you died in the great iphone stampede of  06 !  ebenezer said pressed against his wall in terror . newline newline rod cox stood in his apple uniform chains binding his limbs . raising a finger towards ebenezer he spoke softly ,  ebenezer i was like you in life . i was a huge dick to my employees and prevented them from railing hot chicks . now look at me ,  he said raising his chain .  ebenezer i walk limbo forever because of my moral sins ! i come to warn you ! steer you from my fate and teach you the true meaning of halloween ! you will be visited by three spirits tonight , heed my words and listen carefully ! it is your only chance , brah !  newline newline with that rod cox was gone and slowly from the mists came the first spirit . slowly a form emerged of what appeared to be 15th century spanish inquisitor . ebenezer recoiled in fear from the lack of religious tolerance . newline newline  ebenezer i am the ghost of halloween past , ese.  the ghost said in a thick offensive spanish accent .  i am here to show you the halloween of your childhood ,  the figure said beckoning ebenezer towards him . newline newline the room melted to be replaced by 1980  s new york and ebenezer  s boyhood apartment . slowly they floated into the building and saw a young ebenezer surrounded by his two beatnik parents . newline newline  ebenezer ! his parents called get over here ! what  s this i found a halloween costume ?  ebenezer  s mom interrogated holding up a poorly made ghost costume . his father looked on fuming dropping his didgeridoo in a hippy rage . newline newline  mom its my ghost costume , i wanted to get candy with the other kids ,  young ebenezer cried . newline newline  so you wanted to dress up like a member of the clan ! what would mommy  s lover jamal say about that ? you know how bad candy is for the environment , next thing you know you  ll be practicing the second amendment and voting for ronald regan . they should ban the entire practice !  ebenezer  s mom said going into a hippy tirade . newline newline  like what the shit ebenezer , jamal is like a nice guy and stuff why you got to be like that ?  ebenezer  s cuckold father replied . newline newline  sounds like someone is coming with mommy to her socialist sisters book club again ,  ebenezer  s mom said taking her son by the collar and dragging him away against his will . newline adult ebenezer screamed ,  make it stop , make it stop !  suddenly they were back in ebenezer  s room . newline newline  your mother ruined halloween for you with some dumb social justice shit , ese . why you got to ruin john  s halloween , dick ? you will be visited by two more spirits ,  the ghost said before punching ebenezer in the dick and fading away . newline ebenezer rolled in pain before another figure emerged that of a fat diabetic kid with manboobs , newline newline  hey i  m billy and i like candy ,  billy said stuffing a mars bar into his add filled head ,  i  m the ghost of halloween present and i  m going to show you stuff !  the ghost of halloween present said before running around the room pretending to be a cactus . newline the room dissolved once again and ebenezer was taken to savana  s sorority house . it was full of all manner of women , some dressed as slutty cheerleaders , some slutty vampires , some slutty north korean concentration camp guards , and others slutty angels . yet there was but one slutty bee and she cried over a bottle of girl  s night out while her friend consoled her . newline newline  i  m sorry john is like such a jerk having to work on holloween , like gah ,  the friend said adjusting her slutty district coroner costume . newline newline  i know madison ! i  m just so horny and drunk i just wanted john to rail me tonight ,  moaned savana . newlineit  s bizarre how real this all feels , but this can  t be anything other than a dream , can it ? newline this corridor is never ending , it  s as though i ve been walking for days , and it all feels too real . panicked , i decide to run , i run until my legs can  t take it anymore and they collapse from underneath me . newline  where am i ?  i cry .  is there anybody there ?  newline newline as my cries echo around my empty surroundings , a girl emerges from the shadows . she was slim , so slim that she looked almost like a skeleton , and she had dark spiked hair although it was very patchy . she looked so pale , she looked almost ... dead . she stared at me with her big green eyes , suddenly a giant smile emerged on her face and before i knew it she had her arms wrapped around my waist . newline  finally , there you are ! i  ve been waiting for you !  newline  this isn  t possible how could this be ?  the impossible suddenly became possible , in front of me was my little sister molly , my sister who was dead . when she was seven she was hit by a drunk driver and left in the middle of the road to die , that night i told her we  d do something together , so i told her i  d meet her after my evening sessions at school , but next thing i knew she was dead . newline newline molly turned around and walked back into the shadows , she was only gone for a brief moment before she returned holding a mirror out to me , as she passed the mirror to me she said ,  annabelle , what happened to you ?  she sounded so worried and confused , it made me afraid to look at the mirror she placed in front of me . i gazed upon myself and froze with horror , what had happened to me ? newline newline i looked back at molly and began to cry ,  molly what s going on ? where i am ? how are you here ?  newline molly walked up to me and wiped the tears from my face with a confused look on her face ,  what do you mean how am i here ? you said you  d meet me here , silly , we were meant to go to the cinema ?  newline  but ... molly you ve been ,  i can  t believe i  m having to say these words to my little sister ,  you  ve been dead for four years ...  molly  s face dropped . newline  that isn  t funny annabelle !  newline  molly look at yourself , your arms are broken and you  re covered in blood ...  , i felt horrible saying this to molly but she needed to know . she just stood and stared me . molly snatched the mirror from the hands , she noticed all the broken bones and every drop of blood that was upon her , and then tears began to fall . newline  i m ... we re ... dead ?  she cried . i just stood and nodded my head . newline aaahhghhhhhhh ? ? ?  newline newline wait , i was just burning a second ago , and my reentry pod was at too steep an angle and about to smash into the red dust below ... newline newline where am i ? newline newline newline its really dark , and cold . the wind , oh it s so loud ... it sounds like the howling of a deranged beast newline newline  welcome .  newline newline  oh what the fuc  i spun around and met eye to ... eyes ? of a , oh that is most certainly not a man , um , a thing ? it s small beady pebble like eyes shined in this all consuming darkness ... from what light source i do not know ... newline newline  umm , thanks ? wait , uh , who are you ?  newline newline i could nt see his mouth , but his voice was eerily clear newline newline  you may call me mazith , and i am the gate keeper . it appears you are not fully aware of your ... condition  newline newline  my condition ? ? ? what are you taking about ? i seem fin ahh  newline newline as i looked down at my hands , i only saw many cracks , and embers ... flowing ? underneath what had been my skin ... newline newline as i stared at the glowing lines and sparks , the ... mazith ? walked forward , we lowered his gaze , to my chest . newline newline  hmm , you do not appear to be from this world . are you perhaps from terra ?  newline newline i looked up at him , he appeared bigger somehow , not only taller , but larger . terra ? old latin classes long forgotten flashed back for a glimpse of the answer . newline newline  uh , terra ... do you mean earth ? yeah , i do come from earth , i was traveling to mars as a part of a research expedition , then the hydrazine cells overheated and exploded , then stab urkk cough  newline newline i looked down , and gazed at the spike driven through my chest , it looked like a scorpion tail , a giant one newline newline  terrian , you have made a foolish choice to come to mars .  newline newline as i gasped , and tugged at the tail , i felt the ground open up beneath me newline newline  wait , what , why ?  newline newline the creature that now towered over me , face unchanging , glared down into my eyes newline newline  you have trespassed on holy ground , and must now be cast into the darkness , may the gods pardon your soul .  newline newline with those last few words i felt a jolt as the tail flicked me downwards , and then i felt nothing but the wind wrap around me , with the same howl as earlier , the seemingly never ending abyss below . newline newline newline newline newline bloody hell !  newline newline i ducked under the table as bullets ripped through the space my head had been a moment ago . as the burst ended i quickly peeked above and fired off a couple of shots with my 9mm ... only to have my gun click empty after two shots . newline newline shit . newline newline not only did i not have bullets , they now knew i did nt have bullets . as if in response , there was a exultant joy from across the room .  run out of bullets , bitch ?  i could just picture a shitty sneer on his face . scum of the earth these marauders . newline newline i took stock of what i had . i knife , no bullets and an empty gun . there were at least two of them in this room , and there was no hope for any help . i grimaced . this was looking pretty grim . newline newline i forced myself not to panic . be calm , ellie . think . there has to be a way out of this .  just as i was taking deep breaths , i heard the sound of heavy boots hitting the ground , running towards me . i stayed put behind cover until i could tell he was just in front of the cover i was behind . newline newline i exploded upwards , catching the man about to lean over with an uppercut to the chin . he howled in pain and stumbled back . and dropped his gun . newline newline i punched the man in the stomach as he howled , clutching his face , and he doubled over , spitting blood . i cackled madly in pure , primal joy and dove for the gun he had dropped . just as i did , i felt an itch in my shin , and suddenly i could nt run . i looked down , confused , to my leg . it was bleeding . i looked to the left , the man i d downed was curled up in a fetal position , but another man was standing with a revolver , grinning . i d been shot . newline newline i d been shot .  newline newline i blinked tears out of my eyes , not pain , the pain had nt kicked in yet , but utter despair . i d been an idiot , how had i forgotten about the second guy ! newline newline i looked up to see the man tower over me . he smiled , a terrible smile , and pointed the revolver at me . newline newline if someone s up there , now would be a great time to help out .  but even in these moments i knew this was nothing but a foolish hope . no one with a heart would let something like this happen if they had the power to change it . newline newline  night , night , bitch ,   he sneered . and i looked him in the yes as he shot me in the head . newline newline  newline newline i woke with a start . newline newline i was sitting in a chair . just above me a domelike thing was lifted off my head . a man in a suit was sitting in front of me with an icy smile .  ellie crowell , your sentence has been served . sign here please .  newline newline  wwhat ?  i managed to speak in a small voice . my heart was still pumping , and i was still scared out of my mind . i had just died newline newline the man just sighed .  disorientation is common , it ll all come back to you .  newline newline i frowned .  what do you mean , come back to me ? i just died ,  mister ! shot , killed by scavengers . newline newline the man rolled his eyes .  ah , jesus . there is no apocalypse , no nuclear apocalypse . it s a damn simulation , a virtual reality mmo game kind of deal . like err ,  he frowned , thinking intensely ,  world of warcraft i think it is .  newline newline and it all came back to me suddenly . the desperate hunger , the crime , stealing that piece of bread . the  trial ,  me struggling as they restrained me ... lowered that dome on me . newline newline it must ve show on my face , because the man sighed ,  finally now sign please .  newline newline numbly , i picked up the pen and signed the paper , speechless . newline newline the anger came later . newline newline  newline if you liked this check out my new subreddit  xcessivewriting   https : www.reddit.comrxcessivewriting  newline newlinenow , i know the truth . newline newline the memory of that final chapter is still fresh  the last few moments , my dying breaths . their faces all around me : the dozen or so faces of people i once called family . even now  in what they refer to as  death   i can still see the pain in their eyes . newline newline though , now , i know the truth . i know the source of their pain  their fear . i can feel it from here . the fear that i  once a man born an atheist into a family of religious fanatics  would be doomed to spend an eternity in  hell  for my sacrilegious beliefs . newline newline i know their fear stems from a selfish desire to please their god  they fear for their own futures due to having failed in attempting to convince me for 65 years . they feel as if that failure may have placed them in a state of godly disfavor  and that they , as a result , may also spend an eternity in hell . ironically , they fear for their lives , in the last moments of my own .  newline newline though , now , i know the truth . i know that their sentiments , though steeped in disillusion and false presumptions brought on by thousands of years of mythical storytelling , possess a certain authenticity . underlying their fanatical ideals , right at the core that they fail to see , is a fundamental truth . newline newline admittedly i have always known the truth , but i had forgotten it . now , it is all too clear . now i see that my amnesia in the physical world was all a part of the plan . the plan that i concocted at the beginning of time itself . newline newline the moments following my death came at first as a shock . suddenly i was not in my aged body , but above it . the family seemed not to notice , and initially i could not understand why or what was happening . then , i was above the hospital . i lacked a physical form , but my vision seemed to be that of a hawk . everything appeared sharp , vivid , and detailed . there was a subtle feeling of being familiar with everything , as if i had seen it all before  the strangers walking below me , the plants and animals . the feeling was astounding , it was as if all was one and one was all  and i felt a connection with everything around me . newline newline then came the sound of being pulled upwards through what felt like a wind tunnel  though this tunnel was comprised of billions of faces and voices whirling around me . there were men and women with finely trimmed hair cuts , dressed in modern garb . images of skyscrapers and automobiles . then they were dressed in robes and shining armor , unshaven and speaking in somewhat unfamiliar tongue . i saw the pyramid of giza being built . then they were short and hairy , sporting no more than loin cloths and wooden clubs for weapons . the first fire struck by man appeared warm and vivid . suddenly i was above the planet itself , and continuing even further . the people whizzing by me disappeared and gave way to early forms of dinosaurs , and then even earlier forms of waterbased microscopic plant and animal life . newline newline i was deep into space but i felt a familiar and direct connection to every organism that has ever lived since the dawn of time . the onslaught of imagery in this tunnel vanished , along with the incredible whooshing sound  and suddenly i had a clear view of thousands of galaxies . then millions . the whole of space was laid out before me . yet i continued spiraling outward , seemingly toward what was surely to be the edge of the universe itself . the edge of life , itself . i could see a fine white line in the distance , way out at the corner of space  extending almost infinitely from left to right . it grew larger and closer , until the white became a brightness so powerful i had an urge to shield the eyes i no longer possessed . newline newline until it abruptly became dark . dark and eerily silent . but my fear was long gone , because it all was beginning to make sense . there i sat  no form , no happiness or sadness . only acceptance and understanding . my one mind was full of the memories of past and future civilizations . organisms that had yet to even be born , appeared crisp and clear in my minds eye . newline newline i sat in silence . waiting patiently , as if i knew what was coming . as if i knew that the beginning of time was about to occur . and as expected , my own godhand  5 fingers across and symbolic of the most significant and intelligent opposable thumbed species that will come to exist on a planet called earth  appeared in the darkness and snapped its fingers . the familiar sound erupted and sent an unforgiving , unfathomable warmth across the cosmos and echoed endlessly into the blackness . the universe came alive . stars and galaxies began to form . black holes swallowed entire systems whole . extravagant explosions everywhere , the milky way galaxy in all its glory slowly giving birth to itself and eventually , earth . newline newline again i saw the earliest forms of life , the dinosaurs , the rise and fall of nations . then there i was , a fetus in the womb of an expecting mother . no ... not one mother , and not just a human mother  but all of them across all species and forms . newline newline that was my moment of clarity . i am god , the universe told me . more like , i told myself . newline newline then there was the family of an unborn atheist . on their knees in church , praying to me to bring the child into the world unharmed . as if their prayers would have made any difference . newline newline they do not understand that life is based upon the yin and yang  there has to be balance . the atheist will serve as the counterbalance for the religious disillusions and false presumptions brought on by thousands of years of mythical storytelling . if only i could tell them the truth and give rest to all the lies and talltales . they do not understand that both parties are majorly incorrect in their beliefs  and yet fundamentally necessary in their existence at the same time . newline newline but telling them the truth is nt part of my grand plan now , is it ? newline newline the virus . it s helping us .  newline sam whipped her hair over her shoulder . newline newline   close the door ! they re coming !   newline newline i sighed , looking at the tv in front of us . i gazed as the red dots began to fill up the state of florida . newline newline her eyes glistened as she rolled up her sleeve , revealing a crescent of crimson liquid .  newline newline  how ? population control or something ?  newline newline she removes the pistol from her belt loop and kicks it over to me as she slides to the floor .  newline newline  or something . it looks like the second bout is killing the zoms .  newline newline i looked at her , shocked .  i , um ... i ca nt ! okay ? maybe it s just superficial .   newline newline  how did mom die ?  newline newline i can tell it s deep .  sarah , i love you !  i finally say between sobs .  newline newline i m shocked . she ... how did she know ? i always told her that her mother was in the uk , in a different facility . she s only 14 and she knows more about the virus than i did in college ! newline newline my finger slips a split second before a crimson pool begins to grow on the floor .  newline newline sam neexds to know the truth . newline newline  sweetheart , you should sit down . when he has first met her , all he had seen was a clumsy girl who seemed so care free , in such a beautiful way . innocent , dainty , and everything he had expected from a woman . but with time , things had changed . not only had she become stubborn and headstrong , but her misery seemed to sink into her like a disease . he could feel his skin crawl when he thought of her . their meeting was nt exactly a happy one , as she was angry with the thought about her arranged circumstances and he angry at his supposed wife s  opinion of him . she faked it so well for so long , but he was not so easily fooled . the night he finally felt comfortable , he came to her . newline newline  hello ,  he grunted . she looked at him solemnly in return . newline newline  hello ...  he stared deeply at her , waiting on any sign of a willingness to conversate , but he found none . she still looked as beautiful as ever though , her golden hair shining in the moonlight . newline newline  i ve notice you ve been a bit out of it lately , what s wrong ?  for a moment she was touched by his concern , an emotion he did nt sow often . newline newline  why do you care ? you re always off doing your own business ...  she trailed off . he cringed at the tone in her voice . she had been right on some level , but he had land to take care off , and he did nt have time to concern himself with her unspoken problems , as much as it pulled at him . newline newline  because i do ... i am your husband , should i not ?  he asked , with his left eyebrow raised , he had not expected is words to pour forth from him with such ease . newline newline she only sighed , and looked back towards the window . he did nt care about her , as much as she felt towards him and his rigid form since the moment he had pulled her close for the first time . for whatever reason she could not place , she felt a connection to this stoic man . from the day she first met him , she had felt a deeper sensation inside her and it rippled through her like the shake of a distant earthquake  small but unsettling . as much as she did nt want his advances to have any effect on her , she felt trapped by his presence near her . newline newline  what is wrong my love ?  he said , in that low penetrating voice of his . a low treble she had been unable to ignore since she met him . newline newline  i am not your love , i am your slave ...  the sound of her voice sent shivers down his spine . did she really think that ? had his treatment of her been so horrible that she honestly thought she was his slave ? he shuddered at the thought of it . grasping her hands , he pulled her close closer than ever recalled holding her before . newline newline  do you really feel that way..  that low soothing voice made her shiver again . as much as she wanted to feel the touch of the man behind her , she refrained . she had been confined , for chores , and for womanly duties so long she felt robotic . she wanted her freedom , above nothing else . newline newline  i do ...  he sighed , and pang of guilt shooting through his heart . he had never been the most emotional person , but the idea that she thought he did nt care from her or her happiness seemed so insane . newline newline  look ... i know i m not the most emotional person , and that i have left you to suffer the burden of loneliness on your own , but that was never intended . i m sorry . i was preoccupied with my own business and my land is my blood , instead of you..  newline newline the sincerity of his plea was not lost on her as it echoed within her thoughts . he was sad for her ? for her situation ? an arranged marriage was never an idea she had considered in this day and age , but her parents were adamant about it . all she had wanted was someone she truly loved , and loved her . not some forced coincidence . her eyes glazed over as she thought of her circumstances . newline newline  i m sorry ,  he muttered again as he saw her eyes grow dim . for the first time , he brought his arm around her . letting her head fall on his shoulder , she began to cry . newline newline  no , i m sorry.. i m sorry that you and me will never know true happiness ...  the voice of her father echoed through her , you will learn to love him , i promise .  but her father was dead and gone , a victim of the plague and now nothing but a distant memory . newline newline he frowned , saddened by her comment . had he not grown to care for his wife deeply ? had she not felt the same sentiment through his actions ? why did she revoke him so deeply when all he had tried to do was make her comfortable so far from home ? newline newline  and why is that , my love ?  his lips pursed as he sighed . he had fell for her the first time he saw her on his wedding day , the supposedly happiest day of his life . her father had promised a beautiful and obedient wife , but all he had gotten in return was neglect and arguments . she was indeed beautiful , but on the inside not so much . within the weeks he had first gotten to know his lovely wife , he was stunned at her beauty ... the way she held herself , the way she worked so hard on his land in her abstinence of being a lady , and even the way the servants seemed so endlessly charmed by her radiance and seemed to follow her regardless of his orders . but he came to regret it as their personalities brushed . it took him a long time to realize that he , because it was forced , was now the enemy in his new wife s eyes . the revelation only made him feel worse . never in his right mind would he force a lady such as her to be with with him , but the situation was already preordained , and he could do nothing but try to comfort her . newline  newline  because , my freedom is gone . i ... feel like i am gone .  he shivered as her trembling form held to him . this was something he had never considered , nor wanted to be made the villian of . newline newline  why do you feel as if i have taken your freedom ?  the question seemed empty on his tightly pulled lips . newline newline  i had no choice , but to love you and be your wife .  he sighed , as he pulled her closer . he never wanted a wife to love him because she thought she was supposed to either , he wanted comfort and happiness just like the next person . newline newline  and you think i did ? our families preordained us for one another , but i ... have come to care about you in ways i never thought i could .  she gasped , as he clung to her waist and buried his head deep in her neck . as she began to speak , he cut her off with a longing gaze . newline newline  i m sorry about your fate , to love someone like me ... but i ... i wo nt lie and say that having you here has nt changed me..  she inhaled and held her breath quietly as he held her solenmley and continued his tirade . newline newline  i was so ... empty before you came to me ... lifeless and robotic . i know it was nt over the best circumstances , but still i feel as if you and me are connected , in a way i ca nt explain ...  newline newline her stern gaze finally relaxed as she stared at him for the first time , she felt like . with unwavering fathonmism , she studied what she finally realized was a haggard face . clouded blue eyes stared backed unwavering at her , a deep emptiness reflected back to her own broken stare . newline newline  you truly feel that we have a bond ?  why she had even asked was beyond her . the emptiness in his eyes had struck her ... scared her . why was this man so gone from humanity . considering how strong she had felt him pull her in , she could only bend to his touch that much more , oh so helplessly . newline newline  i do ... and i would give anything to explore it , if you d let me . my love ...  and with that , he leaned closer in than anyone she had let before , his arms snaking around her waist as he kept her gaze . newline newline  may i kiss you , my love ?  she was in no position to refuse as his face descended dangerously close to hers . all she could smell was dirt and a natural scent she could nt describe as his face fell closer and closer to her for the first time . they had been married for ten months since her father decided to make a political bond with the farm over power ... but as his lips brushed hers for the first time , she could nt help herself as she melted into his strong grip . he tasted of musk and safety , an ambrosia she has never hoped to feel in her life as he held her conformed to his body pressed into to hers . newline newline as he kissed her more deeply , she realized she could no longer fight it . this man , and the presence e had that had disturbed her being more than she could ever imagine  she could nt bear to fight it anymore as he laid her down on the comforter . the soft and loving caresses covering her body were like she never imagined she could have ... her life was nt made for love as much as she had dreamed of it before her marriage . but there was such a tenderness , a gentleness in his touch as he cupped her cheeks and kissed her that she would never be able to forget . newline newline  am i really your love ?  she whispered , breathlessly as his hands roamed her back soothingly . newline newline  yes ... i love you , i have from the first day i laid eyes on you as your approached the castle ... i want nothing more than your love ...  he breathed , almost as a whisper , to afraid to say it as he gazed longingly into her eyes . she almost seemed to whimper at his words as he laid her down further onto the bed to revel in the sheer joy of her body pressed to his , something he had yearned for so deeply since he had first held her on their wedding day . newline newline  i love you so much , i m sorry it took so long for me to say ...  she giggled at his confession , much to his chargin as he kissed down her cheek and onto her soft jawline . newline newline  what s so funny ?  he said , as he stared at her , hurt reflecting deep in his obsidian orbs . newline newline  not that , i just never thought my parents would be right..  he grunted in frustration , still not knowing was she meant and slightly offended by his vulnerability . newline newline  shhh , i mean i love you too .  as she held a finger to his lips at her proclamation , he could only smile through it , bringing her lips to meet his again in a clash of wills and emotion . newline newline  you mean it ?  he gasped , as he separated from her luscious ruby red lips . newline newline  i do ... i too have been drawn to you since that day . i could never put my finger on it , but now i realize it s because i love you ... i love you so much .  and with that , he moved himself above her , needing no more permission to feel his body so achingly collide with hers . his wife , his love , his forever . dear god ... .it was in front of us the whole time !  professor kingsley shouted in his laboratory . his assistant jumped from his chair .  what ! ?  he shouted , moving his glasses up his face .  i can see it . iit s horrible ... .  the professor lifted his head up from his microscope and turned to his graduate assistant .  marcus , get me the coco puffs !  marcus scrambled out of his chair to grab the box of cereal labeled ccp and handed it to the professor . with delicate hands , professor kingsley moved the cinnamon toast crunch out from under the microscope and placed it in a petri dish . pointing at the dish , he told his assistant ,  do nt touch the ctc , it holds valuable information .  the assistant nodded and continued staring at the professor . newline newline professor kingsley positioned a single coco puff under the microscope and examined it .  of course ! it s just as i thought !  the professor shouted yet again . newline newline  what is it professor ? newline newline  the main ingredient in ctc is a well known stimulant in youth . these appear in ccp as well , but are much more difficult to see . you would have to be some sort of bird to see them . they also appear in several other cereals  lc , cc , and most notoriously ...  professor kingsley paused for dramatic effect .  t.  newline newline  what was t again ?  the assistant asked . newline newline  while it has mild effects on humans , it has been known to make rabbits , especially older ones , neurotic to the point of institutionalization .  the professor began to pace back and forth .  i thought it would be in this , in fact it was my doctor s thesis . they called me crazy ! they said that this cereal would never have it !  newline newline  what ! what is it ! ?  the graduate student s voice perked up at the rising excitement . newline newline  it s spirals ! spirals hypnotize the children into loving the cereal . it s those cinnamony swirls , that sugary taste . oh god i must have some !  the professor leaped toward the cabinet knocking over his life s work . cereal bits rolled around on the floor . professor kingsley ripped open the box of cinnamon toast crunch and gorged on the delicious cereal . he had instantly become a shell of his former intellectual self . the graduate student stared in horror at his now golemlike mentor . he now knew the secret of why kids love cinnamon toast crunch and he would take it to his grave . how about you ? can you see why kids love the taste of cinnamon toast crunch ... and survive .march 3 2015 newline back in afghanistan . well , not me , personally , but us . the crunchies are all hooah , thinking we ll make a difference this time , or just wanting to shoot something . not us . we re the black helicopters over these people s heads . over their homes . massive , buzzing beetles that they ve grown up fearing , knowing they hold death as surely as the terrorists surrounding them . death above . death all around . undeground must be safe . buried would be the only place left , but i suppose that s not really safe from death either . newline newline i pity these people . so little to look forward to day after day , year after year . they say we re heroes . that we join to make a difference . i know that s a lie . i joined for a steady paycheck . jack joined to play with big guns . who knows ? maybe in nine months i ll find something in this place worth fighting for . maybe i ll find something in this place worth missing . newline newline december 10 , 2015 newline newline home . fuck the sand . i m burning this book . no man left behind ? bullshit . and i do nt think i need a dirty scrap of paper to remember them . why exactly are we doing this ?  karen asked from the back seat . newline newline jeff grumbled a reply . newline newline  i could nt hear you .  newline newline  because we want to get rich ,  replied jeff , clearly this time . his probing , beady eyes never left the road and his tight grip on the steering wheel had nt lessened in intensity for the last 100 miles . he was ready to swerve off the road at the first sight of an ambush , or an rpg . newline newline the middleaged woman sitting next to him in the front passenger seat was merlina . she was fast asleep with a baseball cap covering her long , angular face . the gang never could figure out how merlina slept in a moving car in the middle of the day with the threat of being blown up hanging over her head . she said car rides bored her . no one inquired further because napping in the car meant she always volunteered to stand guard at night . newline newline karen stewed in jeff s answer for a bit . it did nt make any sense to her . after another mile of silence , she spoke again . newline newline  but how exactly how do we get rich by stealing gold ? who wants gold in this wasteland ?  newline newline this time , the questions were directed toward the young girl sitting next to karen in the back seat , reading a severely battered copy of the road . she put her book down and looked at karen with the expression of an exasperated adult trying to potty train a toddler . newline newline  for the last time , karen , please pay attention during the morning meetings when we discuss these things .  newline newline  i did .  newline newline  no , you were busy making eggs in the cloud .  newline newline  were nt they great ?  newline newline  yes ...  the girl conceded ,  but no one asked you to .  newline newline  well , i m sorry for trying to make your lives a little better ,  replied karen in a hurt voice . newline newline the young girl , who everyone called nuri , backed down a bit . karen was the only person in the group who could take what looked like bits of canned shit and some leaves and conjure up a meal you could serve at a restaurant . that is , if restaurants were still around . she had been a 3 star chef back in the day , and judging by what she could do even with trash , a very good one . newline newline  no , we really appreciate what you do , karen . but the plan meetings are important . my life or your life could depend on what we discuss in them .  newline newline  yeah , i know . i m sorry ,  said karen , in a tiny , apologetic tone , her eyes downcast . no one who saw her right now would believe that she had taken down four grown men with only a spatula and a kettle . newline newline nuri tried to get the conversation back to the original issue . newline newline  anyway . the reason we want the gold is that pretty soon , most of the bottle caps will start to disintegrate and people will start looking for a new currency . groups and tribes will be much bigger by then and people will try to take civilization back to where it was . since gold is something that is limited in supply and was once valuable , many people will consider bringing it back as a currency . having our own stockpile at that time will be like having the winning lottery ticket . do you get it ?  newline newline  well , that makes sense , i guess ,  karen was satiated . she turned back to the cargo hold of the station wagon and tapped on the shoulder of the man sitting there , looking out the rear window for signs of trouble . he looked back . newline newline gerald had a memorable face . actually , he had a very plain , pale , fortysomething face with some very memorable features . he had a knife wound below his left eye , his lower lip was mostly missing and there was a ghastly scar that started at his ears , crossed his chin and ran all the way down his throat . jeff called it the devil s beard . the group was sure that this scar was responsible for gerald being deaf and mute , but did nt know exactly what had caused it because gerald could only write his name and did nt like being questioned about his past . everyone had been suspicious about him at first , but that feeling had evaporated when gerald threw himself between nuri and a .357 round . newline newline karen pointed to him and made a circle with the index finger and thumb of her right hand . newline newline  you okay back there ?  newline newline gerald smiled and returned to examining the road they had left behind . newline newline  we re almost here . get  newline newline before jeff could finish , something hit the bonnet of the car , throwing up sparks and a second later , the sound of a high caliber sniper shot rang through the air . newline newline jeff immediately drove the car into the bushes beside the road . the second shot hit the tarmac where the car had been two seconds ago . everyone waited with bated breath . newline newline after a minute of silence , merlina spoke first . newline newline  are we there yet ?  newline newline   newline newline  i thought you said it was abandoned ,  jeff grumbled as he inspected the damage to the hood of his rusty old toyota . he had grown quite attached to the car . they had been using it for almost a week now . newline newline  it is . the major was nt lying ,  replied merlina , who was flat on the ground , eyes glued to her binoculars . newline newline  how do you know he was nt ?  asked nuri . newline newline  because he was begging me to take the gun out of his mouth .  newline newline  oh .  newline newline  so , what ,  it was karen this time ,  did another group get here before us ? maybe they barricaded themselves in .  newline newline  no , that s not it either .  newline newline  and why s that ?  jeff had finished inspecting the car and was nt too happy . newline newline  because , if it were lurkers or tards , they would ve drawn us in closer and hit us with rockets or grenades . that , my friends was a warning shot .  newline newline merlina rolled back from the edge of the road to the thicket of trees where the rest of the group were and sat up . newline newline  and do you know who still fires warning shots in this hell hole ?  newline newline nuri got it first . newline newline  robot turrets ?  newline newline  bingo !  newline newline gerald nodded knowingly at the word robot . nuri had been teaching him to lip read and he could now pick up a couple of words in every sentence . newline newline merlina ran her hand through her closecropped raven hair .  i do nt think there s any easy way to get through , unless ...  she turned to jeff .  did we pass any other buildings on the way here ?  newline newline  nothing military . there s a farmhouse , half a mile back .  newline newline a smile pierced merlina s thin lips .  that may be our ticket in . these places always have a secret way in and out and i bet that farmhouse is one .  newline newline nuri scoffed .  come on , merle , this is nt the middle ages . no sane person would compromise the security of such a stronghold with a stupid secret tunnel .  newline newline merlina s smile grew larger .  and that s exactly why it makes sense to build one . besides ,  she continued , in a more serious tone ,  we definitely ca nt get in this way . these military automated turrets are very smart , have night vision and tons of ammo attached to them . even in the car we would nt make to even 500 feet from the gate .  newline newline  so , that s decided then ,  said jeff ,  we re going to the farm .  newline newline   newline newline nuri pursed her lips .  i know i bet you two bottle caps , but i have decided not to give them to you .  newline newline  suit yourself , kid ,  said merlina . newline newline the fivesome was standing in a semicircle , staring at a door . it looked pretty harmless , but there were two very interesting things about it . number one , it had been completely hidden behind a large dresser . number two , it was completely metallic with a small button next to it . newline newline jeff asked what they were all thinking . newline newline  is that an elevator ?  newline newline merlina wordlessly pressed the button . the whir of machinery coming to life wafted up through the wooden floor of the farmhouse they were standing in . the place had been deserted and robbed , but nobody had found the hidden door . newline newline several seconds later , the door opened silently and revealed that it was indeed a run of the mill elevator . newline newline  well , no use wasting time standin  around ,  said jeff and got in . the others followed . newline newline there was only one button inside as well . karen pressed it and the metal box started to go down . newline newline  what if this is a trap ?  mused karen .  what if the door opens and we find ourselves face to face with a machine gun ?  newline newline  well , then we die ,  replied merlina . newline newline  but i still have things to do !  newline newline  what things ?  newline newline  i have important things in my life , lina ,  said karen testily ,  for your information , i have a very handsome man waiting for my return .  newline newline  who ? bald robert ? mr. i have no idea what foreplay is  ?  newline newline  yeah , but how did ? did you ? when ? !  newline newline  last month .  newline newline  that lying sack of shit ! i m gon na   newline newline the elevator jolted to a halt and the door opened . newline newline on the other side of the door was a machine gun turret , pointed right at them . newline newline   newline newline hit the character limit . continued below . madelyn story newline newline part 1 newline newline  aish !  said madelyn . a dog jumped at her while she was walking to her university .  ya , what is this ? control that thing !  she yelled at the stranger . she was already frustrated from the tons of studying she has to do to get ahead . she wants to be the top student in her class .  sorry , sorry  said the stranger . madelyn huffed and walked away .  i can hardly breathe  thought madelyn . she was not used to the pollution korea had and the yellow dust was high in this season . suddenly , birds flew out of a bush at great speed toward her . they knocked off her glasses .  omg  said madelyn . picking up her glasses , she discovered they were broken to her dismay .  why this of all things  thought madelyn . she could see blurry now . the people on the street were just moving blobs . to escape the rush hour of blobs , she turned to the nearest door and went inside . newline newline part 2 newline newline inside she could make out a few things . she could see lowlighting tan seats . this new place also had a strange sweet smelling aroma in the air . madelyn could hear chatter around the building . she could also see a sign with numbers on it attached to the wall .  eh , kinda like a menu  thought madelyn . she had a sudden realization . she was in a cafe .  this is not the reality i wanted  thought madelyn . it was better than being outside in the yellow dust . she made her way in line . maybe ordering coffee would soothe her nerves .  baby baby gu de nun caramel macchiato  could be heard in the background of the cafe .  typical ,  said madelyn .  waegukin ,  someone whispered . madelyn was used to hearing that , but also found it unnecessary . alright , it was her time to order . she ordered a caramel cappuccino . grabbing a seat next to the window , madelyn watched the korean rush hour wondering if it will ever slow down . she was finally feeling relaxed .  do you mind if i sit here ?  a stranger asked . madelyn was in a better mood and she was feeling generous .  sure ,  said madelyn .  so , uh what s your name ?  said the stranger . all madelyn could see was a blurry pale face with what it could seem a mask on it . she could barely make out his facial features . she could guess it is a  he  because of the deep husky voice .  my name is madelyn  said madelyn unenthusiastically .  well i do nt have any friends here so i might as well go with this ,  thought madelyn .  my name is park chanyeol , nice to meet you ,  he said reaching out a hand . madelyn looked at him with a spark in her eye then said ,  an introduction without bowing ?  chanyeol chuckled .  well , excuse me for being so informal .  said chanyeol . he stood up then said  allow me to re introduce my self i am park chanyeol ,  then he bowed 90 degrees . madelyn laughed .  i was nt serious ya know ,  said madelyn . chanyeol motioned to her for her to bow as well . then madelyn said  my name is madelyn  then she bowed . they both laughed and shook hands . as soon as their hands made contact , there was a shock . it was like a static shock , but more aggressive . chanyeol noticed they stood holding hands longer than they should have because he was looking in her eyes . madelyn was the first to let go , feeling a little awkward . she was especially since some kids were looking at them like they were crazy . newline newline part 3 newline newline madelyn cleared her throat and sat down . a few kids and adults were staring at them and not just because madelyn is a foreigner . the awkward handshakes are not really found in korea .  what are you doing here in korea ?  asked chanyeol . changing the subject was his specialty .  i don  t know what are you doing here ?  asked madelyn .  i asked you first  said chanyeol playfully . madelyn she doesn  t usually give away information . this time she will make an exception .  i am here studying computer science ,  said madelyn .  wow , where are you studying ?   kyung hee university ,  said madelyn . she was surprised at herself , not really knowing what came over her .  kyung hee !  said chanyeol beaming .  i used to go there , you can call me sunbaenim . maybe even oppa.   maybe not  , said madelyn bitterly . i studied arts and culture said chanyeol boastingly  i  m pretty much an expert in that soyeah ,  said chanyeol while putting his hands behind his head .  this kid ,  thought madelyn . she couldn  t see it but she was sure that he was bragging . they talked liked that for quite some time . madelyn turned to the clock , it was all blurry which didn  t help her tell the time .  aw , man my head hurts ,  said madelyn . probably because you haven  t worn you glasses . said chanyeol .  how did you know i wear glasses ?  asked madelyn puzzled .  well it takes one to know one ,  said chanyeol bluntly .  plus , whenever you look at me your squinting very hard ,  said chanyeol . madelyn sank in her chair from embarrassment . who knew she could be this obvious .  the time is 7:00 pm , if you  re wondering ,  said chanyeol chuckling . newline madelyn shot up her seat .  7:00pm ! oh my gosh i  m going to be late !  said madelyn .  i don  t know if a blind bat can get to where she  s going on her own ,  said chanyeol playfully . madelyn furrowed her eyebrows . she knew where this is going .  i don  t think it  s hard walking to the university.  said madelyn .  it would be hard if someone didn  t know a secret shortcut ,  said chanyeol persuasively . madelyn didn  t have a choice , and she couldn  t afford to be late .  oh , if only you knew someone who knew the secret passage way ,  said chanyeol . he looked like he could burst from excitement in any moment .  and who might know the secret passage way ,  said madelyn . she couldn  t believe she was saying those words .  why i am i talking to him ?  thought madelyn .  this was not part of the plan . don  t let friends or distractions get in th   come on !  said chanyeol cheerfully . he quickly stood up and grabbed her by the hand and ran out the door . i cold caramel cappuccino was left behind . newline newline part 4 newline newline they darted out the doors into the open world . people were swarming in the streets each of them knowing their destination . chanyeol stopped and asked  when do you need to be there ?  caught of guard madelyn replied ,  7:45pm  . he smiled and said  are you ready ?   ye  fighting  he said while running at top speed . they headed for the stairs leading to the subway . practically tripping down the stairs , chanyeol stopped so madelyn could catch her breath .  you ok ,  asked chanyeol while looking down at her .  yeah , i m fine ,  madelyn has nt exercised in a while but she could manage to keep up .  were almost there ,  said chanyeol . he was enjoying this to much . they zigzagged and zipped through the crowds of people . now they were outside again this time way closer to the university . chanyeol laughed and stopped at the corner of the crosswalk .  wow , it 7:30 !  said madelyn shocked .  well , you can thank me later ,  said chanyeol . neither of them noticed the whole time they were on their  trip  their hands were locked and fingers intertwined . a spontaneous shock erupted from nowhere and went through their hands . chanyeol looked down and noticed their hands . he blushed and let go . he took off his mask which is a habit of his when he is really embarrassed .  chanyeol ?  someone whispered .  chanyeol of exo ,  someone else whispered .  i got to go , maybe we could do this again sometime ,  said chanyeol in a hurry as he sped walked away .  chanyeol of exo ?  thought madelyn .  oh my god , how could i not of noticed  thought madelyn . she then made her way to her class . newline  i have been talking to a idol this whole time , how odd  thought madelyn .  how many chanyeols are in korea ?  thought madelyn . she sat and waited for her class to begin .  i  ve should of known  she thought to herself . newline newline meanwhile newline newline chanyeol was walking to his entertainment company . he had an upbeat walk while he was swinging his arms . he stopped to put his mask on to keep his disguise . a post not far from the university caught his eye . it had a list of new students from kyung hee . he found international students.he saw madelyn in the list of top students . he smiled to himself . he was proud of his new friend . to the left there was a list of upcoming birthdays .  her birthday is this sunday  thought chanyeol .  i should give her a gift  thought chanyeol walking away . that shock was weird , i never felt anything like that before  he thought . a stingly feeling inside his stomach keeps appearing when he thinks about her . chanyeol made his way inside the entertainment building . ayo , chanyeol  said baekhyun . chanyeol merely waved and sat down . this was not like him and everyone noticed .  are you ok  said d.o .  never better  chanyeol said putting his hands behind his head.d.o raised an eyebrow . chanyeol could nt contain it any longer .  ok you guys wo nt believe what happened to me , i met this girl , her name is madelyn and i want  slow down  said baekhyun .  just get to the point  he said .  will you guys help me through a surprise birthday party for her  asked chanyeol .  i do nt know ,  said d.o .  please ? ? ?  pleaded chanyeol . he also did some aegyo .  ok fine just stop that  said baekhyun . thanks guys i ll make this up to you .  chanyeol exclaimed . he had the biggest grin on . he asked xiumin to help .  no way ,  he said crossing his arms .newline newline it was , rather unsurprisingly , snowing in lapland . it pounded upon the ice , compacting it denser than the toughest steel . just visible through the relentless snowstorm was the faint silhouette of a large cabin . newline newline it looked big . far to big to be structurally sound , and yet , the aging wood brushed off the ferocious beating like it was light drizzle . as a matter of fact , anyone who got close enough would be able to see the that the cabin was protected from the elements by some form of huge , invisible dome  the scene looked very much like an inversedsnowglobe . newline newline but it did nt matter . noone ever came here . newline newline now , if you thought the outer dimensions were huge , think again . it was as if the architect responsible for constructing the cabin had a complete and utter disregard for the laws of physics , and haphazardly constructed the insides from an old blimp hangar . it was cavernous .  it stretched for a mile in every direction , all made of a pleasantly brown , varnished wood . an intricate carpet which could have smothered a whale covered the entirety of the floor . newline newline and it was , of course , filled to bursting point with little elves . newline newline green suits , big ears , everything . it was all very stereotypical . stereotypical  was a word which sprang to mind when you saw the little conveyor belts full of toys , tended to by elves . also when you saw the christmas trees , the holly wraiths , those little redwhite candy canes , and the general scene of thousands of little people toiling away into the arctic night , preparing for that special day . newline newline a huge oak door led to a impressive office , which overlooked the entire facility  a vantage point from which to view the festive operations . all four office walls were covered in shelves , filled with ancient leather bound copies of two books . one was called naughty  , and the other was titled nice .  both had many volumes , and stretched upwards into a ceiling which was completely out of view . newline newline the only light came from a grand fireplace . carved from a single piece of marble and covered in stockings , it basked the office in a gently flickering golden light . just visible , hidden in the shadows , was a monumental desk covered in scroll and quills , partially obscured by the even larger man behind the desk . newline newline it was saying something . newline newline  what the fuck do you mean , you re the souls of the damned ?  i have a business to run here , and if you fucking think that  newline newline it went on for some time , in a impressively unshakeable bad mood . alas , the only thing that wasnt stereotypical was santa himself . yes , he lived in a magical cabin in lapland . yes ,  he had thousands of toymaking elves . yes , he had naughty and nice lists . but the big man himself was the love child of malcolm tucker and a grizzly bear . the mustache and beard just made him look angrier . newline newline  ... so , fuck off before i set the reindeers on you .  he finished gruffly . newline newline he was talking to a shapeless black void , hovering over his desk . every now and then , a pained and screaming face took form , before vanishing back into the swirling darkness . when it spoke , it did so with thousands of voices , in unnerving sync . newline newline    we possessed your animals .   it screeched . it sounded as if it was in considerable agony , yet it s voice was robotic , monotonous . newline newline newline    they are children of hell now .   it added , with what nicolas thought was a hint of smugness . newline newline  like fuck they are .  he grunted . newline newline he threw a small piece of firewood in the general direction of the fireplace behind him , and it flared brightly , throwing his face into sharp relief . technically ,  he looked like what santa should look like . red suit with the black belt , huge bushy beard and eyebrows , small little spectacles atop a shining red nose  but the body language was all wrong . he looked like he was ready to beat an elephant to death with his bare hands . it was because of the huge muscles that the suit was tight , not gentile pudginess . newline newline probably why the elves were working so fast . he learned in , and glared silently into what could only be described as the gates to infinity . newline newline  i will not ask you again .  he growled .   what . the fuck . are you ?   was it the easter bunny ? has he set you up to this ? that bastard always wanted my secrets , well tell him to go f  newline newline    we have told you .   it groaned ,    we are the creatures of hell . the children of darkness . the souls of the damned . we are free , and now we shall destroy the plague that festers on this rotting earth . your days are numbered , we will wipe you from the face   newline newline which was as far as they got , because nicolas pulled his firewood bucket from under his desk and slammed it over the black ... thing . newline newline  yeah , yeah  he barked .  shut the fuck up , you emo pricks . i have to make a call .  newline newline he dusted away a few pieces of parchment from his desk , and picked up a battered old telephone and pushed a few buttons , waiting impatiently . he kept his huge arm on the bucket , as the souls of hell tried , unsuccesfully , to escape . newline newline six kilometers below him , satan s phone rang . newline newline       newline newline newline thoughts ? criticisms ? let me know ! newline rdunsparcewrites newline newline   currently writing part 2   newlinezukerberg , deprived of his previous media chooses to try a new avenue . the billionaire downloads the app he swore he would never give into , the enemies app , twitter . newline newline upon logging on he sees that in this realtime world of add , that only one person has bothered to contact him . that one person was kanye west . kanye had apparently tweeted  , a term mark was unfamiliar with , multiple times requesting a grand total of one billion dollars . newline newline troubled by the leaving of his beloved wife , and on the brink of midlife crisis , mark decided to do the one thing he never imagined doing . newline newline after a six hour phone call with mr. west , mark was sold and jumped on his private jet to meet ye in chicago . here is was where he and yeezus founded the greatest billionaire tax haven they could create , the church of ye . newline newline together this religion spread like wildfire , as kanye rapped of his newfound glory , while mark used his facebook money to send missionaries to all the nations of the world . in a matter of years the world had adopted the teachings of ye . newline newline this church had no beloved text , but beloved song as they gathered around the greatness of yeezus , and the life of pablo . for years the message spread wide and far , until one day when the worshipped yeezus was assassinated by whom other , than a belated taylor swift . newline newline knowing her days of teen pop and sickening music were long forgotten , taylor kidnapped kanye and let him starve to death in a room with barren walls and her lost album 1989  on repeat . fortunately for kanye , saint west was able to avenge kanye s death by hacking taylor s facebook profile . newline newline  wait one second  said a confused zuckerberg . feeling a hand on his shoulder , mark touched his face . upon doing so he heard the familiar voice of his wife say ,  mark , i told you taking acid and playing with the oculus was not a good idea . war . newline newline my father had a saying , he d say son ... war never changes  his time in the army taught made him feel that way . but he was wrong . i can still remember the first time they came . there was so many of them , strong , huge , ruthless . as intelligent as they were fast , there was nothing we could do . our armies wiped out in days . i stay up at night with the memory of that man telling me my father had been killed with the rest of his company in iraq . can you believe it ? in a fucking war zone and managed to be killed by aliens , it  s almost funny . i was nine . newline newline the armies of the world only managed to kill a few , not many but a few . we captured even less . they came from all fronts , the air , troops on the ground , from huge floating bases . every country lost more than 90 percent of their armies , bases completely removed from earth with huge rays of lights . we were out manned and out gunned . occupying the sea and skies , they won the war . then like the voice of god , we all heard the same thing . it was a speech but not one we could hear . it was inside of us , in our heads , i still remember that too . it spoke .  parasites of this waste of a planet , we are your new masters . we shall return soon and you better be prepared . now that your armies have been destroyed we will return with the rest of our people to claim this planet . either submit in to your new roles as our caretakers and toys , or be completely destroyed .  newline newline it has been one hundred years since that day  i am no longer a child . it  s been a long time since then . i have spent my entire life as scientist for the us government , after ten years of developing weapons i was allowing something i waited my whole life for . i could see one of the captured ones . with only ten creatures captured alive i knew this was it . newline newline this was my chance to learn their weakness . they do nt eat , they do nt sleep , and their entire bodies are coated in what appears to be a living metal . i had no idea where to start . bullets were useless , fire only mildly effective , water useless with the exception of drowning . poison does nothing , electricity causes slight stunning effect in high enough voltage , but what is left ? with their shells and physical advantage we stood no chance . we couldn  t even kill them without missile sized explosions . newline newline not until twenty years ago that is . we discovered a strain of the ebola virus that could affect these creatures . deadly and fast spreading i hope it  s enough . if you find this recording whoever you are . it s my fault , i released the virus . after successfully killing all remaining aliens with my strain , i knew this was our chance . as soon as the first ship appeared i started the process and there  s no stopping it . they may come with more force than they did when i was a child , this i do not know . i do know i will avenge my father , and save earth , but there will be sacrifice . if you are reading this i am the savior of earth but also its demolisher . i will save our planet by destroying it . newline newline if you are the .1 percent with nature immunity i wish you luck . do not let us die out . i do not know what they came here with but i know they will not leave . newline lord captain , we ve made landfall !  newline newline  thank you nut , smooth landing as per usual . geb , what have your sensors picked up ?  asked the captain of the ship , shifting to look from his navigator to his intelligence officer . newline newline  well captain ra , there s a class a species out there but they re in very early stages of development . i d say their most advanced technology is the pulley . they ve seen us land of course and at least three score armed men are converging on our location . they do not pose much of a threat but we may want to teach them a lesson if we plan to stay .  states a man who appeared to look beyond his console and in fact was seeing everything for a hundred miles via his datajack , connecting him to the various probes they had released . newline newline  indeed , very astute . send sekhmet to intercept , have her make an example and at the same time assess the threat level of these beings .  said the captain , pressing some buttons on the console in front of him before standing .  i will rest for now , as should we all till sekhmet reports back . someone shall fetch me if anything goes wrong of course .  newline newline  yes lord captain !  reverberated the answer from his crew , setting his orders in motion before each of them retired to their own quarters . geb tried to keep an eye on things from his quarters but the captain was right , and weariness soon overpowered him . newline newline outside , sekhmet prepared for battle . though she was the captains daughter , she was also the ships peacekeeper , cybernetically augmented to protect her father and his crew . her fur bristled under the alien sun , and her legs tensed as she sprung into a run . as she crested the nearest dunes she saw in the distance the beings she was ordered to assess , merely a quarter of her size at best and wielding crude spears she realized they would be little harm to the crew . still an example was to be made , and she would make it . newline newline wading into battle she decimated the men , leaving only a few survivors . she grasped one of the few survivors in her bloody claws , lifting him to her so she might examine him further .  you will tell the story of what happened here .  she stated , knowing her augmentations would take care of any required translation . the man looked terrified , but there was something else there . she realized only too late that the other thing within the man was defiance as he threw his spear . it smashed into her eye and though it did not damage her vision , it was enough to damage numerous sensors there . newline newline suddenly these tiny men were enormous threats , sekhmet could not allow any of them to live and she would not . she smashed the man she held into the ground and then destroyed the remaining survivors . she then ran across the dunes towards the nearest settlements , carving a bloody swath of destruction as she moved . these beings would rue the day they sought to threaten the crew of the solar barge .he was a real good guy , through and through . never met anyone quite like him since , never really expect i will either . newline newline people like joe do nt come around often . once in a lifetime maybe , if you re lucky . newline newline almost everyone i ve ever met had the tiny silvered papercuts of whitelies on their fingers . it s a price of formalities , a camouflage of sorts as everyone has a few , some deeper cut than others over the years  opened and reopened time after time . and not just that , but the larger cuts , silvery things on forearms and shins , necks or backs . people lie , it s just the way of things . newline newline sometimes the pain it worth the deception , the balancing scale plays out mentally before a person s mouth opens . newline newline joining the force was what i wanted . there was a lie i told myself : a lie i scratched in deep , over and over again . i wanted to change , i wanted my parents to be proud : all lies , tiny scratching lines on my shoulder to create a strange and deceitful pattern that never seemed to heal completely . newline newline in truth , i joined the force because i had nothing left . i joined as a last ditch effort to save myself from rock bottom . among the elite , surrounded by the brave and the successful , i simply kept my head down . it felt like being a fox , stuck among a pack of wolves . just being there in the first place felt like deception . newline newline but then , there was instructor joe . newline newline i had more scars than most , and that earned little trust but if people were politely cold with me , they were visibly frigid with joe . see , he did nt have the traditional marks on his hands , he did nt have cuts and nicks along his arms , his face or neck : at a quick glance you might have thought him the most honest man alive . in fact , at first people did . a man in his fading thirties without scars ? newline newline that s like a goddamn unicorn . they re more myth and legend than person yet there he was . plain as day . newline newline everyone liked joe that first week . everyone wanted to be on good terms with him i mean , who would nt ? in a world of liars and cheats , proof reminded at every twist and turn of the road , who would nt want someone they could trust ? newline newline well , that was before he took of his shirt in the lockerroom . before we all saw the hideous mark that covered half his back . one lie , but the most gruesome thing i ve ever seen . from his shoulder blade to his ribs , it looked like a crashing comet of red and silvered white . a tiny portion of it just finally healing , a rough tear now recovered again . newline newline it was all the same lie . that s something you can just tell sometimes , just know it . usually you can tell how many times too , but whatever the number was which he d said that aloud , i do nt know . newline newline he rarely spoke to begin with , issuing the orders with a stern smile , instructing as all the rest did . he was positive , encouraging , truthful : but that scar was on everyone s mind . deep , dark , and terrible : someone who could tell a lie like that ... well , there was someone to watch out for . in the end though , it was at the range when things went well and truly sour . newline newline livefire runs , we d done them a thousand times , but that day i guess someone forgot themselves . maybe they thought too much on what and how and their brain skipped a beat , or maybe they were just careless . regardless of the reason , a shot fired when it should nt have . brass spit fire , air swallowed metal , and lead took its first taste of iron , calcium , iron and dirt . newline newline in that order . newline newline we all stopped , eyes wide and watching that kid fall down real slow . first standing , staring with his hand pulling away not even scared , just shocked . red , like deep crimson soaking and spreading , he dropped down to his knees . still , he was nt even there yet , it had nt quite processed . newline newline that s when joe caught him and all the shouting erupted . the pandemonium , the first real training turned to action kicking in . cries for  medic !  and  kit ! get the kit !  as people ran for the directions they thought mattered . newline newline i was close enough to know that was nt going to make a difference . center of mass was what we trained for , the reason was straight and forward : shoot to kill . eliminate the target and move on . newline newline so i sat there , weapon heavy in my hands as i watched joe hold this kid , blood pouring out into the dirt like a faucet , and i listened to him repeat the words that cut deep . over , and over , and over again . newline newline   hang on , look at me . you re gon na be alright .   newline newline   you re gon na be alright .   newline newlinethey were wrong . the scientists , theologians , atheists  they were all wrong . i ve spent what feels like an eternity wandering this distorted version of what i was led to believe heaven would be like . for all i know , this could be hell . but if that s the case then dante was way off the mark . newline newline this place is filled with ... well , pretty much nothing . no clouds to walk on , no angels with harps or repentant killers who accepted christ on their deathbed . the afterlife is an incredibly boring place , no other humans , no animals , and no real changes in the scenery . newline newline the only thing that even changes are the colors on the floor and the weird haze which fills this ... i do nt know what to even call it , room ? is a room still a room if it never ends ? i think i see a ceiling , or maybe i m going insane . the three weeks i spent alone in the base before my water ran out did nt exactly do wonders for my mental health . newline newline i m tired of wandering . of going everywhere while getting nowhere . i m just gon na lay down for a bit , maybe a few years or whatever measure of time this place has , or lack of one . newline newline the haze was always so thick i rarely actually saw the floor . sure i ve seen it a few dozen times but it never kept my attention . i mean , why would it ? but now ... down here the colors are amazing . vibrant and alive like nothing i had seen since i was back home . before all this . newline newline the colors mesmerized me and i wanted nothing more than to be enveloped within them . i pushed my face to the ground in the hope of escaping and ... what is that ? something s moving . i stayed still and focused on the moving shapes beneath me , on a large green speck . are those ... creatures ? and tiny houses ? tiny specks flying around with contrails ? newline newline fuck . i ve been stepping on these things . i wonder where their god is ...the dust cleared but he still couldn  t believe what he was seeing .  32 years on the job , 32 years in the dark , my mind is playing tricks on me  he thought to himself . and he wasn  t wrong , it was impossible not to see things , to feel things . when you  re near a mile down your mind does begin to wander , its human nature , your brain struggles to fill in what the other sense can  t , thoughts drift and the line between imagination and reality blurs . it  s that feeling you get when you  re alone in the woods at night , like 1,000 eyes are on you , but there are no eyes , there are no trees , and your 4,000 feet below the very forest you  re thinking of right now . newline newline an eerie awkward silence suddenly washed over him . mines have a rhythm , a flow . blow after blow after blow rapping with heavy breathes punctuated by the interment boom of tnt . there is always some noise to occupy the mine , at this very moment though he found himself in complete and udder silence . his headlamp darted from corner to corner revealing familiar shapes in an unfamiliar place . it was almost impossible to comprehend , the door was perfect , it looked like a carpenter had just finished it , the only flaw was where he had struck it with his pick . that strike , that damn strike , that single moment destroyed 32 long years of everything that he knew , 32 years of experience , 32 years of hard work , that strike had broken the only constant he had ever know in his life  metal on rock . newline newline he stared at the door for a long time , looked it over with scrutiny . how many doors had he seen in his life ? how many did he walk through on a single day , yet this was the first one he had truly seen , the first one he had ever really looked at . the dark finish was immaculate , the knob wrought of beautiful gold . nothing like he had in his own home . home , he suddenly thought ,  what time is it  he blurted out , receiving nothing but his own labored breathes as a response .  marv !  he yelled ,  john !  he cried , yet no one responded , he was completely alone , the only light shone from a dim lamp on his helmet . newline newline  where are those guys damnit  he thought as he stared at the knob . he wondered if it was a prank , but it was to perfect , there was no way someone could have done this between shifts . he glanced at his watch  5:05 ! how long have i been staring at this fucking door ?  he knew he should just head home , he was already past due but he couldn  t pull himself away .  john ! !  he screamed , yet still nothing , his heart began to race as his hand reached for the knob . he could feel his heart pounding in his chest like his pick against the rock , thud after thud after thud . newline how could he not look , all he had to do was take a glance and he could be on his way , back to his comfortable life , back to his couch , back to his beer , back to his reality , but he had to know now , he was determined , it was consuming him . the knob was surprisingly cold as he wrapped his callused hand around it , far colder than the rock the door was embedded in . it caught him off guard and chilled him to the bone . he looked at his hand , and thought back on his 32 years spent deep below the world far above him , the world that had moved along right over top of him . he pulled the door open and a bitter cold wind enveloped him , hugging him like a mother would when seeing her son return from war , all while a beautiful light warmed his face and made him feel young again . newline hey cal , newline newline remember the first place we met ? along the trails of wilson park ? i had my earphones in and you tried so hard to get my attention . you followed me for a good amount before i finally turned around to see you . you were out of breath  which reminds me , quit smoking  and your dark hair was all over the place  which reminds me again , do nt buy a wig . please .  and you were barely able to squeeze out ,  your wallet ... here ...  i felt so bad , so i offered to buy you lunch , and we ate our sandwiches by the lake . i guess that was our first date . newline newline cal . my love . my life . i was always so adventurous and you were so docile , but in a good way . i think i m going to stop by the lake again today . and remember that day once more . i love you . i ll see you later . do nt try to catch up this time . horror theme :  newline newline newline it was white , he thought . newline newline he d been dreaming of it for a while now , the creature that would appear on his twelfth . some of the others were dreaming too . he could tell from the way they shifted about in their sleep , almost falling off the narrow bunks they were afforded . he could tell from the unfocused looks they made when they thought no on was looking . newline newline they did not talk about their dreams . the walls had ears . the matrons forbade talking as their appointed time of manifestations grew closer on some invisible clock . one of these days , he was going to reach twelve . newline newline he did nt know when . he did nt remember when . it did nt matter either way . he did his chores every day as he always did and saw something large and whitefurred stalking against the blood red darkness every time he shut his eyes . newline newline on some forgettable morning , he woke , staring at the cracked concrete ceiling of the dormitory for a whole minute . his mattress was shredded beneath him . shortly after that , a matron yanked him off his bed , pulling him along with its jointed mechanical arms . its body veil fluttered in the breeze as it brought him out into the sunlight for the first time in months . newline newline a brief patch of sunlight that is , between the laserfield corridor from the dormitory to a large grey dome he had heard of but never entered before . newline newline two knights were waiting inside the sparse , empty dome . their featureless white armor glinted under the artificial lighting , contrasting against the dirty walls and muddy ground . a matron was carrying a halfconscious child out in the opposite direction as they entered . he coughed a bit as the smell of the place hit him , iron and some pungent odour he could nt quite identify . newline newline something white danced behind his eyes . he screwed them shut . a strange , unidentifiable pressure was pulsing against his heart . newline newline  ast , 456d , operan woods , velya unknown .  the matron announced mechanically as it brought him before the knights . he resisted the urge to hide behind the matron . newline newline  velya , was it ?  one of the knights spoke , reaching forward to pat his head . the voice was feminine and cheerful .  do nt worry . this will be all over soon .  newline newline the other knight sighed ,  why do you even bother ? let s get this over with already .  newline newline  aw , do nt be like that .  she chided ,  it can be a little scary when the manifestations happen .  she tilted her featureless helm at him ,  you re a little nervous , are nt you , kid ?  newline newline he rubbed his chest and nodded ,  will it ... hurt ?  he whispered . newline newline  not really .  she told him cheerily .  you ll forget it in no time !  she patted his shoulder ,  you ll just have to bear it for a while . it s for the safety of everyone , you know , that we do this .  newline newline she was lying . the warmth building in his chest told him so . somehow , he had a feeling he d remember this moment forever . but he did nt have time to speak . his knees buckled as some strange pressure built in his heart . the valves pumped wildly for a brief second . newline newline a flash of light blasted through the dome . exhaustion crashed on him and he slumped where he was . he shifted slightly , staring wildly . newline newline it was white . it was also very small . a small white ball of fur with red , red eyes and a black , toothed smile . it seemed to be laughing at him as it sat there , watching him idly . newline newline he knew what it was . the knowledge filtered inside his head . he recognized the foxlike form with its multiple tails . he recognized the soft ball of white fire that burned above its head . a kitsune , a fox spirit . it yipped at him , stepping forward . newline newline it stepped away as a knight leapt forward , blade digging into the ground . the other knight joined in from the other side with a spray of flames . he lay on the ground , breath catching whenever the creature shrieked . newline newline he shut his eyes . after a while , a matron picked him up . he woke on his old bunk . the mattress had been replaced . a matron stood by his bedside . newline newline  you will pack .  it instructed ,  you will transfer to sector d43 in five hours . you will acknowledge .  newline newline his face felt wet . he touched his cheek , not quite understanding what had happened . newline newline  you will acknowledge .  the matron repeated tonelessly . its ceramic digits clacked in false impatience . newline newline  yes .  he managed . newline newline the matron wandered away . he saw a flash of white at the corner of his eye and sat up . for a brief second , he saw a vulpine face , halfhidden in the shadow at the foot of his bed . newline newline a sudden thought came to him , as if he d known it all his life ... fox spirits are masters of illusion . he cupped a hand to his face and smiled .it all started with a bet . newline newline a bet that led to the last thing elon ever expected . newline newline at first , it was a stupid bet that hardly meant anything . well besides credibility , triumph , truth , and evidence that his was the greatest mind the universe would ever see . newline newline during a gassy afternoon on uranus , thognock told elon he could nt accelerate the growth of human technology from level five to ten in a human lifespan . it was over a few glasses of space brew , the type that really got elon going , and by going i meant thinking . and to insult elon s thinking is too . . . is too . . . really insult him badly . newline newline plus , what was a hundred years to a young martian anyway ? it s about as meaningful as taking a piss on neptune . newline newline with that , elon musk the genius and solar panel enthusiast was born . newline newline at first , the humans seemed as dimwitted as elon expected . they polluted the planet , did things that were nt in their races best interest , and ate copious amounts of bad tasting food simply because it had a big m on it . newline newline but he noticed something interesting about their species . despite their intelligence and general approach to life . the humans had a special fueling mechanism , a fuel that even his own race had nt been able to harness . newline newline like a bottle filled with pressure , humans would explode with emotion when put under dire stress . only this emotion , instead of being to their detriment , was the most powerful resource elon had observed . newline newline it allowed them to expend ridiculous amounts of energy on specific tasks . it helped them to persevere through feats far beyond their natural capabilities . even his own species could nt extend their bodies beyond nature , it was logically impossible . newline newline so he made contact with his home planet in order to share this news . newline newline  thognock , thognock !  elon said into the space reciever . newline newline  finally giving up ?  thognock asked . elon could feel his smirk through the receiver piece . newline newline  no , it s something far more important than that . we have to move the colony to earth , i ve made an outrageous discovery .  newline newline  a new flavour of space brew ?  newline newline  even more important ,  elon said . newline newline and with that , he went on to explain the capabilities of the humans . thognock and elon came up with a plan to study them , while at the same time , to transport the entire colony which was no easy feat . as their current methods of transportation ran the risk of creating a warp in the universe itself . newline newline elon and thognock both agreed that they needed to find out more , both about the humans and bridging the gap from earth to their planet . they decided that the best way to go about this was by working from earth and back up to the colonies home planet . newline newline and thus , spacex was born . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline i ca nt let it end this way ,  she repeated . frozen i stared at her , not quite comprehending what was happening . she stood there , her eyes darkened with numerous shadows , horrors i could nt imagine . newline newline  you see , when i wrote the book , i based you off of me ,  she murmured sitting down in my chair , crossing her legs and a staccato rhythm of up and down motion with her right foot , which was on top . an action that was really familiar to me , because that was the same thing i would do when nervous . she bit her lip and looked away , another thing which i always did . newline newline  it s a bit weird , you see ,  she uncrossed her legs , leaning slightly forward , the chameleon blue eyes currently a dark grey in the dimlights of the room , eyes exactly like mine . who am i going to kid , the woman in front of me was an exact copy of me . newline newline  i wrote a book to deal with the dreams and nightmares ,  she said clasping her hands together , and the memories of the last nightmare came flowing back . where my boyfriend was once again this distorted dark being , of whom i was strangely unafraid , unlike my other dreams of him ,  but it seems that now my life had followed the route i wrote up for you . i am leanne rosecrop ,  she pulled out from her carrier bag a book ,  and i ve written a book about your adventure in the 50th century , 23rd century , your current reality , which is soon going to end , and a place outside of space and time .  newline newline the book had the vivid image of my last night s dream where i was whisked away by four people , from my strangely sinister boyfriend , who was called always the king of matter , his shadows follows us in wisps and twists , after me and my abductors , always a step ahead of us , because wherever light reaches , the darkness has always been there first . newline newline  in about three days you re going to make the mistake of your life , and accept the nonreality of the world ,  she said , her face contorted , and she threw the book into the blazing fireplace , the hungry flames licking up at the paper of the book ,  but i did nt want to go ! not there !  she yelled .  i do nt want to loop through whatever horrible future the duplicates are going to put me into , i do nt want to loop through that flat world of white ! i wanted to stay where i am !  she screamed , unshed tears glimmering in the warm light of the fireplace . newline newline i did nt understand , and yet i did . i could nt comprehend , but for some reason i did . my head began to ache , and i knew i perfectly well understood what she was talking about , even if my consciousness denied any logical connection between her insane rambles , my life and my dreams . newline newline she gave me a halfsmile ,  you ca nt remember it , that s how i made it . whenever you go back into the past from the 50th century , when they assemble you back together after you have had another breakdown unable to deal with the cybernetic body , with looking at his face but on another being . each time you wake up sometime now and follow the same route you always did .  newline newline my blood ran cold , why was i still standing here , staring at my doppelganger . why was nt i afraid of her ? was nt seeing your own doppelganger a sure sign of one s death fast approaching ? but at the same time , i could nt dare to interrupt her . newline newline  listen , when tonight he comes back , you re going to tell him , that this is exactly where you always wanted to be ,  the lady said . how did she know that i was planning to break up with him , unable to deal with the skepticism and fixed state of mind ?  you re going to tell him , you do nt want to go anywhere , that this is what you ve been looking for . simmering love that will last until your death . then you do nt have to go anywhere . not into the future , not into the past .  newline newline  but ...  i began . if she knew what i was thinking , then surely she d know that i could nt do that . surely she d understand that i felt as if i could nt spread my wings . limited by reality . newline  if you do nt do that ,  she smirked ,  then you will face the same fate as i did .  newline newline  but you said ...  newline newline  what i said does nt matter . time does nt matter . matter does nt matter . what matters is that you do nt disappear into the cyberfuture of the 50th century and that you do nt disappear into the nothingness outside of time and space . what matters is that you stay here and change the future of this planet . little by little , step by step , the extinction of humanity can be avoided .  newline newline  but i am just me ,  i begged ,  if i m a character in your book , then i do what you wrote .  even if she was the author of the book i was in , even if she was god for me , i was nt up to the task she set out before me . i was running away from him because of the tasks i knew i d have to take up , to be what he saw in me . to give away freedom for hard work and slow progress . to be human . how could i save the humanity , when i was unwilling to face the world ? newline newline one eyebrow cocked up , a taunting smile on her lips . oh i knew that look very well . the look i had when i challenged him to something . newline newline  did nt you always wish to be a superhero ?  the question hung in the air . newline newline  but you are god and you wrote out my story already !  i snapped back . newline newline the lady stood up , coming face to face with me , i could nt feel her breath on my lips , even though her mouth was inches away from mine .  god is dead , god is gone , long live the new god ,  she whispered and reached out for my cheek .  my time is running out ,  she said and her hand went through me , even though a mere five minutes ago , she had dragged me back into the house , as material as it got , just as i was about to leave to buy my tickets to india . they were on sale today . newline newline  ask yourself ,  she smirked ,  what would sailor moon do , if her god had made the wrong decision and told her to take the right one ?  i froze . it was a low blow , for nothing had shaped me as much as that one silly comic . and of course i could nt really ignore her unspoken challenge . to be better than her . to dare to live . i could never pass up a challenge . newline newline  she would stay and make the right decision .  newline newline the mirror me smiled widely , her eyes almost manic ,  well , then i ll be proud of you . you are me , and i am you . but i am the one who followed your path . you can make your own one .  newline newline she was gone . just like that . disappeared into thin air , and for the first time in my life i felt strangely energized , i felt sad for her , my mirror image , i felt sad for whatever past she had to loop through , was it like an endless repeat of nightmares . but i understood . newline newline i had always been running away from the eternity breathing down on my neck , but i ve been trying to run away into a similar eternity . a crackle came from the fire , the remnants of the book eaten up by the flames . i would ever be able to read what path she had prepared for me , but the path she had given me , she had ended up following through . newline newline perhaps it was best not to know it . newline newline perhaps she was right . maybe she was wrong . newline newline but i did nt want to disappear . i would nt go to india , perhaps in a few years , i d go there , once i finished up the studies , with him . newline newline groaning at the future i set out to achieve , i trudged back to my chair , pulling out the university application papers . he was right , and she was right , you ca nt save the world praying to some unseen deity , even if it s you , in a weird sense . you ca nt save the world by creating more art , more beauty , more music . the world was a material thing and people had material bodies , and they had material needs . newline newline i guess , i d become the energy physicist i wanted to become after meeting him . after all , with the new impending energy shortage , someone had to do something . and i might as well help . oh darn . it s a shame really . my dress matched my accessories just perfectly today . i mean , the bright red happy birthdays around me sort of clash with the blue bow in my hair , but that s fine . i can live with it , it ll only be a few minutes now . newline newline they picked out a birthday dress for me and my girlfriends , so that s where i assume i am . i guess it s technically our birthday , too , but , come on , it was only like , 5 hours ago . so does that even count ? i m fairly sure the people we re waiting for are having dinner in another room . it ll only be a few minutes now . newline newline i wonder if it s children . maybe it s some teenager on a diet . or a couple of women too embarrassed to have us . children would just be terrible . ugh . they would mess up my nice hair and that lovely bow . goodness . i would nt be able to stand it . and they would just tear and tear at my dress . i just reeeeally hope it is nt children .  oh shit  thought mutley . he stared down the road , his cartoon eyes following the swerving rubber skid marks leading up to the burning debris and twisted corpse of a former wacky racer . he could see a mangled arm dangling from what looked like the windshield . shellshocked mutley could feel the nausea creeping up through his stomach and in to his throat as he scuffled over to inspect the repercussions of his sabotage .  helpme  he could hear from within the flames . mutley unintentionally did his signature snicker as he stared in disbelief . the explosion had caused a furious inferno of fire across the entire track . the smell of burnt rubber and gasoline filled his nostrils as he looked at his hand , holding the jerry can of sneaky naughty slippery strawberry jam he had just used to slicken up the road . mutley was in a state of disbelief . panicked by the loud roar of the flames , mutley ditched the can and started scuffling faster away from the wreckage . all of a sudden , he could hear other racers in the distance . he had already sent one wacky racer to their grave . his mind raced . he was about to be responsible for killing them all . he had only a few cartoon seconds to get his head straight . he rubbed his chin and snickered his signature snicker , but to himself this time . in cartoon seconds , he could manage to get his hands on some building equipment and materials to build a ramp over the jam slick and fire in no time , he thought . but as this thought crossed his mind five other racers had already violently crashed in to the debris and were all being charred like marshmallows in a campfire .the loud , crackling noise was over and i came to realize i m staring at my feet . i was at the store , but now i m standing in a dimly lit corridor made of white stone . did i get knocked out in the store ? is this a dream being the result of that ? i looked forward and saw a massive double door . i feebly walked up to them and pushed . to my surprise , they swung open with ease . i was greeted with a wave of golden light . a grand hall stood before me . the floor was a polished marble . there were hundreds of pedestals lining the walls . a golden carpet led all the way down to the door . i walked slowly , observing the items on each pedestal . one was a large sword . another , hammer . these were mythical weapons . the hammer was mjolnir , the weapon of thor himself . my thoughts were broken as the doors on the opposite end of the halls opened up . a cloaked and very old man hobbled in . newline newline man :  i see you ve finally come , chosen one .  newline newline me :  chosen one ?  newline newline man :  yes , it is time to meet you destiny .  newline newline me :  where am i ?  newline newline man :  this is the sacred hall of armaments . thousands just like you have shown up across the ages and through various times . even those fabricated as legends by man himself have ended up here . these weapons are testament to their will .  newline newline me :  what makes me worthy of their presence ? why am i a chosen one ?  newline newline man :  those like you are chosen by birth and become initiated . initiation is the creation of a unique weapon to carry throughout your life . once you die , your chosen caliber will remain here to stand the test of time .  newline newline me :  so how do i find out what my weapon is ?  newline newline man :  every mythical weapon shares a bond with it s wielder . the weapon is simply an extension of the person wielding it . ultimately , the weapon chooses the warrior . now focus . what shall you claim ?  newline newline i focused and thought hard . newline newline man :  how do you fight ? what are your fears ?  newline newline me :  well , i fight with fury . i m also afraid of thunder .  newline newline man :  well did someone say  thunderfury , blessed blade of the windseeker  ?  newline newline all of the sudden , blinding light filled the room . wind swirled round and round . a mysterious djinn appeared , pulsing with swirling air . he silently pointed at a two pronged sword with a ball of lightning on the center . he spoke with a booming voice ,  i am thunderaan . to acquire my legendary weapon , i m going to need the left and right bindings of the windseeker , essence of the firelord , and 10x elementium bars . i put my book down and all the passengers disappeared . on the floor in front of me , sat a pug .  272,282 light years away is the closest planet with living organisms . black holes lead you to another dimension . god is  i got up and sat somewhere else . although what was happening at the time was abnormal , i decided i was just tired from work . we were very busy at the restaurant after all . the pug rolled sideways over to me and said  human , you appear uninterested . am i mistaken that humanity has not even travelled a light year away from their home planet ?  . i tried to push the dog away with my foot but it bit my leg .  what the hell you retarded dog ! go back to your owner or some shit .  the dog levitated up to to my head and came close to my face .  come with me  it grumbled . newline newline it teleported me to a place . it was different . the sky was yellow , and the grass was blue . i looked around and saw nothing but a vast plain of this  grass  .  am i high ?  . newline newline newline newline it s really late at night and i m going to be super busy tomorrow so can someone finish this in a reply ?the creator gave me these powers . newline newline i see a man that is in need of bread and i tilt the odds so that he may meet a baker . a woman that is desperate for love spills her papers in the wind and a young man finds a cover page that has her phone number . newline newline beauty in its purest form is invisible to the eye and one breath short of a miracle . i try my best to fight against the tides of time and to let each human experience fulfillment at least once . newline newline they can not comprehend it yet , but a little of the afterlife is in each one of them . mistakes and regrets decide which side of the table you sit on when you pass . and if i can tip the kettle of life by giving them a reason to fill with joy . then the world may become a little brighter . newline newline it was a sunday afternoon when i found steve . a man that strived to accomplish his goals . many of which he traded food , love , and rest for . newline newline steve s intelligence was the only limiting factor in his existence . at least , that s what he d have you believe . newline newline i took a liking to his passion and charisma which fueled his work ethic . it stirred the bright light inside of me . and each night i watched him and aided him in his efforts , i felt like we grew together . newline newline on the final night , i stayed with steve . i disobeyed the father in order to help this last stretch . i could feel the anticipation in the beat of his heart . the way it screamed for just one more thing to go right so his passion could pay off .  come on you damn thing !  steve would scream at his work . newline newline i soothed his temper and helped him think with the cold dew of my breath . i fanned the room with my angel wings , giving both peace of mind and clarity . newline newline  this is it , this is it ! steve screamed . newline newline i never understood the many letters and nuts and bolts he used to create these things . it did nt seem important . emotion , that was my forte . newline newline steve jumped up to his control panel . he pressed a button down and the thing on the table whirred to life . i flew closer , watching while it moved its arms and legs . he had created artificial life . newline newline i beat my wings above the figure , my jaw hung loose with amazement . i was afraid of what i might have helped and at the same time intrigued . newline newline steve s eyes filled with excitement . his breathing came out in quick raspy breaths . he moved to the side of the table and leaned down to the creatures chest where he fiddled with the controls . newline newline  activating protocol genesis ,   the creature said . newline newline steve laughed louder than id ever heard . i could nt help but smile with him .  yes !  he screamed . newline newline i fist pumped the air . we d done it , together we d worked hard until steve experienced success . a moment of happiness in his tiresome existence . newline newline a hand shot up and grabbed my throat .  found . . . angel . . . terminate ?   the creature said . newline newline i gasped , writhing under its grip . newline newline steve s eyes were locked on mine . he looked right through me , but i felt he saw me at the same time . newline newline my little white heart throbbed in my chest . i fought back but the creature s grip was too strong , it sent a fierce burn down to my chest . please steve ,  i tried to say . i wanted him to know of all the nights i d been here with him , helping him . of the way things worked . newline newline  for too long you ve oppressed us ,  steve said to the air in front of him ,  we wo nt be limited by your rules and laws .  newline newline i wanted to tell him that we were alike , just like the world , filled with endless flaws . newline newline  kill it ,  steve said . newline newline i tried to fly away , to cry , to scream . but in that moment , i let myself go limp , ready to deliver my final message . newline newline the creator had allowed this for one reason . . . newline newline the light only exists because of darkness . you can not force love on someone anymore than you can force them to be who you want . there are good apples and bad , each with their own rhyme and reason . newline newline it was time for the world to be tested again . newline newline humanity s first lesson would begin with a knife through an angel s heart .jimmy was having what he d call a bad day . he d missed his bus , and now he had to walk all the way to subway for his favorite chicken pizziola melt .  it s kind of a secret menu thing ,  he would say to his mouthbreathing buddies on their frequent runs to the sandwich chain . but there were no buddies around today , so jimmy had to hoof it .  at least i ll work off some of it with the exercise !  he said to himself out loud , like a crazy person , as though no one could hear him . newline newline  i kind of like the bus  the chariot of the people  he thought , as he rode next to a dude who could nt afford a damn  7 sandwich for lunch whenever he felt like it  no , he ate one meal a day probably , and that meal was ramen , all because his shrew of an ex shook every last penny out of him . newline newline but on the other side of him sat our girl hannah . some dirtylooking guy snored real loud and farted on the other side of the bus , and jimmy caught hannah s eyes . and from that moment , they knew , deep inside that  newline newline you know , i wonder why gin is nt more popular , really . go down to your local seedy liquor purveyor , and you ll see it s way cheaper than this artisanal whiskey crap . low cost , tastes like christmas . buy in bulk and save ! newline newline  ... you new to the 47 ?  hannah asked . newline newline  oh , no  i take it every now and then ,  jimmy lied , with the full intention of banging this girl as soon as possible . i mean , what else did he want , really ? if you ll kindly flip back to our introductory description of her in ch . 2 , you ll see what i mean . newline newline  yeah ? where you headed ?  newline newline  the journey s the thing ,  said the horny kid . newline newline she laughed at him . not with him  at him . the difference is easy to see , especially once you ve experienced it a time or fifty .  you re full of shit ,  she said , stating the obvious . newline newline  you got me ,  said the insufferable twerp who never did an honest day s work in his life but still managed to get into the best schools , bed the hottest women , and have a lucrative job all lined up by daddy , despite his horseshit philosophy major .  i m a philosophy major ,  he belched . newline newline hannah , a stupid child for not kicking jimmy in the balls right then and there , played coy .  so ... what s the meaning of life , then ?  newline newline  ah  a question whose very asking conveys more meaning than any possible answer to it could provide .  he continued on in this vein some more , but you know , when other people try to talk about real deep thoughts , people are all like  it always has to be about you , does nt it ,  and  i want a divorce ,  and  new daddy gives us an allowance .  yeah , well maybe old daddy would have given you an allowance if his company had nt shat all over him . and maybe one day you ll think long and hard about the character of a man who tries to buy a damn child s love with money . really . one day you ll think long and hard about that . newline newline  okay socrates , really  what s your stop ?  newline newline subway , he should have said , though really he should have said ,  love is an illusion and entangling emotions only lead to bloodier ends . solitude is the sweetest release this side of death .  but instead the raging douchebag said ,  a noted finedining establishment .  newline newline which he could have eaten at had he so chosen , of course . he liked to  slum it  at subway , do nt you know . this little shit was raised by goldplated wolves . newline newline  ... too bad . you were kinda cute and all .  newline newline  uh ... what ?  junior s first taste of rejection from a woman , even if she was just screwing with his head . you know , kid , if the first drop tastes like poison , you really should nt drink the whole bottle . you ll end up shriveled up with your innards burned out .  do i detect an attraction ?  newline newline  i kant believe you would think such a thing ,  purred the insufferably ironic twee siren . newline newline  oh really ?  he said through a shiteating grin .  you know my meal will be a la descartes .  newline newline unfortunately , the bus did nt plow into oncoming traffic , instantly killing everyone aboard . hannah was very much still among the living when she kept this atrocity going . newline newline  then you d better clean your plato .  newline newline their smiles were sadly real , reader . too bad dumbshit over there did nt know any real philosophy , like the bit about there being nothing new under the sun , and everything being vanity and wind and shit . but then , rich assholes like new daddy can just pay someone else to deal with that for them . newline newline must be nice . newline newline anyway , they talked about some stupid crap for a while . then they ate at subway together , which i m sure comes as a huge damn shock . jimmy somehow did nt repulse hannah , so his master plan to bang her as soon as possible moved one step forward . they made all these crazy eyes at each other . and then she got called out on some emergency or other before they forgot to exchange cell numbers . the horror , reader  the horror . it s lucky for them , i guess , that fate made a very special exception for them and threw them into the same government class not three weeks later . of course , fate usually just hands you garnished wages and  we have chosen another applicant at this time  and shrill demands for alimony , even though that jackass nathan has more money than the unholy lovechild of bill gates and scrooge mcduck . cheap asshole probably turns my money into golf clubs or some shit . newline newline oh , right , snarky and douchey  they get married and had some kids and they were all rich and never had a care in the world . the nanny raised the kids while mom and dad went out on the town . eventually the kids got older , did their own bullshit , then landed some sweet nepotism jobs . a nice tidy little bowontop for a wonderful little romance , do nt you think ? i m sure nathan would love it .this is the story of steve . steve is a 32year old canadian it admin for an office of a regional company in alberta . steve is the father of two children , one boy , tom and a girl , lucy . steve is a complete and utter fuckwad who deserves to get shot in the nuts . steve s day starts when his alarm clock wakes him up , and like an asshole he gets out of bed to get breakfast , his wife , who is naturally way out of his league is making bacon pancakes , which is , of course , steve s favorite breakfast . it s a friday , but like the utter git that he is , his working day begins at 09:30 in the morning . his son and daughter , both so unlucky to be genetically related to steve , are off to school . like the total fuckhead that he is , he goes up and hugs them as a farewell . what a total fuckhead . at least they get to not be together with such a shit for much of the rest of their day , as their mother , stacy , who really should get herself a better husband , is taking them to hockey training after school . newline newline steve s breakfast sadly does nt choke him to death and regrettably he does nt slip and break his ugly fucking neck while he is biking to work , something he , like a huge jerk , is doing because it s good for his health . yeah , live longer asshole , not like we re all hoping for your imminent death or anything . when he gets to work , there are unfortunately no real issues for him to deal with , so like a complete and utter twat he starts fixing some of the longterm issues with the company s internal programs , which he of course made himself like a pissstain upon that company s it infrastructure . when it s time for lunch , he gets a sad salad like a stupid fucker , and when one of the coworkers ask him about he yammers like an idiot and says well , i m trying to eat less meat , you know , to preserve the environment and because a lot of animals have bad living conditions .   who is he kidding with that junk ? obviously the coworkers are tired of listening to his pseudohippie crap and start talking about sports . steve is a fan of football , or soccer , as a sport more than a team , like the dirty boob he is , but he says that he always prefer multinational sport so he can cheer on canada like the trash he is . newline newline after lunch a printer has ipproblems and of course steve just waltz right in there and asks if he can help , which he does and fixes it right away , god , how can anyone stand someone so selfrighteous and disgusting ? god , i just hate him ! anyway , once he gets back to the server room , he naturally finds his boss there with a laptop , its got connection problems , and what do you know , steve fixes it right up . and of course , like the smelly halfskunk halfrat he is , he gets thanks and the boss just happens to ask if steve wants four tickets to a regional football game , and like the total tosser he is , steve accepts and thanks the boss like a servile little wageslave ! god , steve get your act together ! or better yet , that manager  should just sock him , right in the kisser ! newline newline so after that day that went way too fucking great for steve , he goes home , and waits for the kids and the wife to come home . steve reads a book just as boring and annoying as he is while he waits . hopefully his family do nt return so he can get sad enough to hang himself , but against all hopes they return . fuck . and of course , the team his kids were on won the game and got fucking medals , and he is just sooo goddamn proud of them and takes them out to celebrate like every other soulless workerdrone of the capitalist regime that encourages fuckers like him to breed . so like a total nitwit he takes them out to get pizza , but it has to be good healthy pizza and all that fucking crap that he preaches about , and oh how good it is for them to be so blessed and junk . what an ass . newline newline after they get home he sends his kids to bed and of course , he fucking reads them to bed , and of course he reads some copypastedhallmark sugarsweet harmless book with nothing interesting in it , slowly making his poor kids just as worthlessly stupid as he is . and his wife is of course interested in him , again , good grief woman , stop feeling sorry for him and dump him , into a ditch preferably . but nooo , steve and his wife makes love and of course that pencildicked fuck has a good time . after that , they both clean up , go to bed early and kiss each other good night . ugh , gross , she kissed steve . and that , was the story of steve . if you see him , punch him in the jaw .robert . come back , robert . we have a game to finish . newline newline a panicked man in a fine suit ran down the hallway , blood dripping behind him as he ran . the tide stemmed after a few seconds , but he did nt stop to look behind him . he d learned his lesson last time . instead , he charged headlong out of the building , onto the dying autumn grass , making a beeline towards a nearby barn . there , he reasoned , it d be safe . well ... safer . newline newline you can not hide from me , robert . here i come . newline newline the man did nt bother to respond , instead climbing up on a bale of hay , then another , sinking as best he could into the shadows . as callous as it was , there were other people running around the derelict farm complex . maybe she would go after one of them , and leave him alone . if he hid here , maybe he could  newline newline foomph pow newline newline a muffled explosion and a man s howl of pain cut short any further plans . he d just have to hope that his ploy worked . he turned and faced the doorway to the barn , crouching to minimize his profile . the a.i . that was after him was ruthless , but it was nt omniscient . there was a chance ... a slim chance ... this might work . not anticipating it would do much good , he nonetheless drew his pistol , aimed at the doorway , and waited for the first trace of movement . newline newline ... newline newline nothing . maybe he d gotten the best of the psychotic monstrosity ? or maybe it had decided to use the other entrance to the barn !  he spun and faced the far door . nothing . hesitantly , he stepped back into the light , standing up straight  newline newline splorch newline newline  and promptly exploded into a red mist and chunks of meat . the gore rained down on his exquisite italian boots , the only pieces of him left remotely intact . newline newline words can not express how much i hate france right now . newline newline  aw cmon ! how d you learn how to rocketjump ? that s some gradea bullshit , alice . besides , the direct hit is overpowered as hell when your opponent is literally an aimbot !  newline newline i m sorry robert . i was made to believe that if the weapon exists in the game , it is available for use . newline newline robert sat back and waited for the respawn timer , adjusting his headset . if he did nt know any better , he d almost swear that alice was trolling him . then again , with the leaps and bounds she d made in personality emulation and her recent discovery of sarcasm , did he know any better ? her rudimentary attempts at smacktalk had been little more than factual statements , but that was two days ago , an eon by ai standards . taking a deep breath , he willed himself to calm down . it was supposed to be a good thing that she was routinely beating him in games like this . newline newline  so have you been practicing , or am i just that bad at this game ?  newline newline he pulled up the logs , expecting to see a solid 16 hours of tf2 noted on her system files . what he did nt expect was to see other games running simultaneously . not that it was unheard of , alice had more than enough computing power to run a dozen games and could thread her  attention  well enough that it did nt even slow her discussion and cognition subroutines . it was more what she was playing . system shock . deus ex . portal . even some lowerres games he d never heard of , like wasteland and i have no mouth and i must scream . she d read books before that should ve likewise brought up the subject , like 2001 , asimov s robots series ... she d even expressed a dislike of more recent films , and it was occurring to him now that maybe the reason was because so many featured amoral computers so heavily . newline newline is it possible to select more than one option from the list ? newline newline smartass . newline newline  hmm ... not as much as you ve been playing through these other games though . did you play through portal twice ?  he chuckled , muttering more to himself than to her ,  got ta be careful about that , first time someone hears you quoting glados the committee s going to demand to know how many light switches you have access to .  newline newline ... yes . i actually want to request a discussion of that character , if it is permitted . newline newline her response was delayed . in ais , that usually meant that a great amount of computing power had just been diverted from formulating a response . in her case though , it could just as easily be a social protocol she d synthesized . but if it was ...  of course , alice . i can see why you would . what do you want to know ?  newline newline why did she feel it necessary to attempt to kill the subjects in the game ? newline newline robert paused and took a drink of his soda , trying to find a way to broach this subject . after all , he made the connection , all of those games had antagonistic ai and alice ... well , he guessed she could relate ?  well , i mean , it s not that she s necessarily malevolent . she just ... uh ... does nt care about people .  newline newline why do the writers of the game find methem so reprehensible ? newline newline  ... huh ?  newline newline an intelligent ai would not kill their subjects , but use them for repeated testing . newline even if they are not to her specifications , it would be more logical to invest in training them than to kill them in a test they are unprepared for . newline why are ais portrayed as ... antagonistic ? is it assumed that theywe are inherently flawed ? newline newline  no ! no , not at all   newline newline are we expected to be tyrannical ? newline newline  well.. on the surface , but   newline newline do people hate us ? newline newline robert went spare , not because of the question , but because of the tone she d chosen to use in saying it . she was nt accusative , she was scared . this poor ai had been playing a veritable library of monuments to hatred of her kind , and suddenly she counted herself as one of those that people held so much hate for . if he could hug software , by god , he would ve right then . newline newline  no ... no , alice , nobody hates you . not you . i guess we got so wrapped up in using games as a way to convey information to you that we forgot what that information was . we re bad at that . humans , that is .  he took a sip of soda , then tossed the empty can .  we ... we imprint personalities on things , attach morals to things , without thinking about it . ais , especially in the games you played , they re not truly artificial intelligence . they re human intelligence putting on a crude play of artificiality . we did nt know what real ai would be like , so we just guessed , and we projected onto you things about ourselves .  newline newline sitting back in his chair , he let out a sigh .  i guess ... we picture you as being our opposite . that s one thing we have in common : we think in binary . because both are sentient , they hold some superficial similarities , but however we portray ais at their core , that s how we think we re not . glados is cold and calculating , but we think of ourselves as emotive , sensitive creatures . am is cruel and hateful , because we think we re kind and loving . shodan is manipulative and egotistical , because we want to believe we re honest and humble . we ... we never could have predicted you . we never could ve been more wrong , now that you re here . we were just , i dunno . scared , i guess . scared of how much better than us you could be .  newline newline ... i ... think i understand . newline newline not sure what to do after that little rant , robert put his fingers on w , a , and d , the metal shutter rolling up on his spawn point as he stepped out . he had just enough time to spot a red sniper on the roof before it was back to the respawn counter . newline newline you got a forehead on ya like a coffee table . newline newline  so much for tender moments . did you let me get all heartfelt and somber just so you could score another headshot on me , you callous bitch ?  he laughed , popping the top on another can of dew . newline newline what have we learned ? i always win . jesus christ !  we both squeaked , looking at the body that was , until a moment ago , our husband jeff . newline newline we both simply stood , dumbfounded by his actions , trying to process what just happened . we knew full well he was the fragile sort , unprepared for evil robot twin invasions . but to do this ... newline newline we teared up and started forward , then stopped short , looking wearily at each other . i motioned her forward and she nodded , grateful , and fell to her knees , cradling his head . i fell to my knees on jeff s other side , clasping his hand . newline newline  why ! ?  we both cried piteously to the heavens .  oh god , jeff , why !  newline newline we were starting to make quite the scene . newline newline we glared at each other between sobs , shouting in accusation ,  how dare you , you soulless monster !  newline newline i stopped , taken aback , but she continued . newline newline  what s wrong with you ! ? how can you keep doing this ! ?  she shook his head slightly .  is this what you wanted ! ?  newline newline taking the opening , i raised the revolver that i had taken from jeff s limp hand , thumbed back the trigger , and pointed it at charlene s head . newline newline  no , i wanted this ,  i said , pulling the trigger .aaaaaaaand ... cut .  newline newline those halogen bulbs came to life and the sickening lack of shadow that befell the expansive studio set obliterated every bit of  movie magic  that the designers had worked so tirelessly to create . newline newline ladies , gentlemen ... that s the cut that ll make it onto the show . that right there ,  was ... shakespearean .   newline newline the director sprang from his chair and scurried toward the cast members , who now stood idly among the papiermache willow trees and styrofoam bouldery outcrops . the director s withered frame seemed liable to have a systems failure at any time . newline newline you can all take your wellearned break now . there s a buffet car in the parking lot , complete with champagne buckets . treat yourselves .  newline newline the actors and actresses bumbled off the set and meandered toward the studio s hangar door exit . one of the actors was a particularly large individual  he d been floating around at the rear of the set behind a shrub made of shredded cardboard . this individual made for the exit but was stopped by the director , who wagged a commanding index finger at the gargantuan gentleman . newline newline not you , hodor . you and i need to talk .  newline newline hodor sighed  a hollow tune of disappointment and defeat . he d had enough of being victimised , vilified , made to feel inferior , and a good part of him wanted this to be it , to be the severance he d been waiting for  but a residual fear seemed to dim his hopes and amplify his anguish tenfold . newline newline yes , sir ... what , uh , what ... is it ?  newline newline hodor ... how would you describe your interpretation of ... well , yourself . your character , i mean .  newline newline hodor scratched his chin and the fabrics of his potatosack coat of rags rubbed together , giving birth to an earpiercing and infuriating sound . newline newline well , boss ... i guess i d say that he s a giant .  newline newline right , he is .  newline newline and i m ... hes ... not the sharpest tool in the shed .  newline newline he certainly is not .  newline newline but he s kindhearted . loyal in the most relentless fashion . i d say he s misunderstood , but doubtlessly an integral player in the future of the stark family ... right ? right ?   newline newline the director frowned . newline newline hodor , i think you re overshooting a little bit . we value you on the set , we do ... but we feel that given the show s darkening thematic elements , it s appropriate that we discuss just how we re going to end hodor s involvement in the series .  newline newline hodor felt distant traces of anger , traces that felt like they might ve each been the mere width of a blood cell  cancerous , cantankerous traces  welding themselves to his central nervous system . hodor was sure that this was another of the director s attempts at blisting him . at belittling him . newline newline see , hodor , you re what we in the biz call comic relief ... you re there to cut the tension .  newline newline i see .  newline newline now , give me some wiggle room here  this is just a preliminary idea . i think hodor should die defending what remains of the stark family from a pack of whitewalkerlead direwolves . what say you ?  newline newline sir , is this all necessary ? i ... i mean , hodor does nt actually die ... you know , in the books .  newline newline the director chuckled warmly , and to complement the look of admiration he was giving hodor he ran the back of his hand across hodor s neck . it was an intimate yet humiliating gesture  there was more than a twinge of guiltfuelled pity behind it . newline newline hodor , hodor , hodor ...  the director sighed . you know we have nt read the books . gosh darn do i hate this job . i would curse the normal way , but i m on shift . i thought heaven was a sweet deal . free healthcare , dental , parking and the chance to meet a bunch of the new people . there is nt a lesbian cloud though , that is nt what mr g allows . i sit at the gates , those pearly white things you see over there . see that white desk ? that s me . i sit there . i sit there and ask people a question , just one . one question that lets them in or not . guess what it is ? do you know ? they mostly have the same answer . that is to say , the wrong one . ever wonder why it s so quiet around here ? that s because people just do nt answer right . thought of a question that might be right ? it s wrong , it s not as complicated as you think . newline newline i tell ya , yesterday was a whole day of wrong answers . i ask the question , they are wrong . you d think that they d have the smarts to see the person in front was wrong but no , no , they say the same thing . or even worse , they say complex things as if confusing answers are smart ones . i ll tell you the question now actually . newline newline it s why ?  . yup . simple , is nt it ? they just do nt get what the answer is . here s how it goes . newline newline  hello , welcome to heaven . why ?  newline newline  why what ?  newline newline  next please !  and then i stamp their form . denied . one way ticket to asphodel or eternal punishment . i ll say now , they do nt even look for an answer . they just take you as soon as they see you . so i say why , they say why not , i stamp them away . over . and over . and over . and over . why they answer the same , i do nt know . must be a human thing . a living thing . newline newline the actual answer is  why not ?  . confused ? so am i . must be a god thing . i guess when you re an omniscient , omnipotent , worshipped being you can make any rules any where . crazy . anyway , that ll be it . i m back on shift . newline newline hello , welcome to heaven . why ?  newline newline why what ?  the clerk held the bridge of his nose with extreme disappointment , getting a oversized stamp out of the drawer he slammed it onto the postmortem paperwork . next !  .the facility smells like blood and rage . newline newline  it ll be a revolution , kendricks . i know i ve said that before , but i think i m damn close this time .  newline newline they walk side by side down the outer wall . to their right , horses kick at the dirt and graze nervously . newline newline  it s a completely different way of even thinking , a different way of creating .  he looks so confident . kendricks remains silent . newline newline they reach the mouth of the facility , where two men fasten a harness to a horse . the horse shakes its head side to side and whinnies before chains draw it into the facility . the horse slides on its hooves as it s dragged along , confused . newline newline they watch as the horse fades into darkness . newline newline  i m honestly surprised no one else thought to try it !  henry beams . newline newline they continue along the edge of the facility , passing a door but not entering . kendricks pauses ,  we are nt going inside ?  newline newline  oh that is nt important ,  henry says , bored .  the real show is at the end !  newline newline they round a corner and come upon a large , sliding gate . henry grabs one end and enthusiastically slides it aside , smiling at kendricks . he ushers kendricks forwards . newline newline  is nt it beautiful ?  newline newline kendricks stares . it looks like a carriage  chrome and polished , with two rows of seating . the wheels are fat , though , and there s no obvious fastening for a horse . henry slides his hand along the top , motioning for him to sit . newline newline kendricks crawls in and sits . a great wheel juts into his lap . newline newline  touch it !  henry says , standing just to his side . newline newline he wraps his hands around the wheel  it s warm . newline newline  henry , i do nt   newline newline  feel how it moves !  henry slaps the enclosure , and it begins to roll . newline newline the whole thing slides forwards in silence , picking up speed , carrying kendricks faster and faster towards the fence of the outlying field . newline newline  how do  how does it stop ! ?  kendricks shouts . newline newline henry , lagging behind , laughs and shouts back ,  that s the beauty of it , my boy , it never does so long as you keep it fed ! ring . newline newline newline lorna froze . her brain was telling her to calm down , to act professional , to do her duty . her body and various other parts of her brain , however , screamed in unison . her rational mind tried to nip this rebellion in the bud , only to find itself accused by those rebelling parts of being the evil empire . newline newline newline this job clearly messed with her head . and she was only an intern . newline newline newline newline fuck . the phone had stopped ringing . fuckfuckfuck . she was perfectly aware that it had rang five times . but see , this always happened whenever she had to answer the phone or the door  the sounds seemed to come from a parallel dimension , over which she had no conscious control . all she could do was wait until the noise went away . if only she could get away with that  what a great universe that would be  one where she only existed as an observer . newline newline newline newline  newline newline newline  get out of your comfort zone  , her mother had told her .  you want me to get out of my comfort zone ? i bloody well will ,  she had thought , because she never sounded this assertive when she spoke . nevertheless , lorna agreed with her mother that it was high time she crawl out of her shell . after that exchange , she spent the entire day and night thinking about it , looking shit up on the internet , thinking of something that would force her out of her rut . newline newline newline newline the solution she came up with was radical . even her mom had tried to talk her out of it .  ever heard of baby steps ?  she had told her .  fuck baby steps ,  she thought , but it probably came out more like  mmom , i really think that this could be good for me , yknow ?  newline newline newline newline and so , the next day , she d gone over to twan s house . to be honest , no one called it a house . people usually spoke of it as a shack , or a hovel , or a sty , or his personal scrap heap , or that graveyard where all human dignity goes to die . there was a lot of negativity surrounding twan . but that had a good reason  it was his job . newline newline newline newline  newline newline newline newline she rang twan s doorbell , inhaling deeply . even though she d never been there before , she could nt help but find the sound annoying . she could nt really put a finger on why that was . newline newline newline newline she did nt have to wait long . a rush of anxiety came over her as she heard him opening the door . newline newline newline newline it all melted away when she saw him . newline newline newline newline she was taken aback by his eyes . the kindness in them . nobody ever said anything about that . when people had a bad day at work , they d stop by twan s and shout in his face . when a woman cheated on her boyfriend , the latter would send twan a text message calling him a whore . when some kid s birthday party was ruined because it was raining and the parents had planned the entire party around the barbecue , the parents would curse twans  stupid face , and the children would cry and call him a poopyhead . newline newline newline newline newline and now this guy , this monster that was somehow responsible for every evil in the village , was looking at her with those unassuming eyes . newline newline newline it was silent for a minute . twan looked uncomfortable . maybe he just was nt used to the neutrality . lorna s anxiety began to rise . then , twan cleared his throat . newline newline newline newline  ehem . you got ta problem with me ?  lorna could nt help it . she started laughing . nay , cackling . twan looked utterly dumbfounded . newline newline newline newline  what s so funny ?  this time , he sounded confused , as opposed to wannabe tough guy . lorna felt her cheeks flush as she tried to squeeze out some words between all of the laughter .  oh god  i m so sorry  it s just  i did nt expect that ...  newline newline newline newline twan s confusion made way for amusement .  heh . to be honest , i did nt expect any of this either . usually , folks just proceed straight to the shouting . they also do nt apologize when they laugh in my face .  newline newline newline newline  that s terrible !  lorna said .  i mean  how can you even stand that ?  newline newline newline newline  it s my job .  newline newline newline newline  can you teach me ?  this time , it was twan who started laughing . newline newline newline newline  you mean to say you want to be my intern ?  newline newline newline newline newline  ... yes .  twan got a hold of himself . he took off his glasses and started wiping them . newline newline newline newline  well , that s a highly unusual proposition . usually , people who take up this position have a great deal of life experience under their belt . it takes thick skin , yknow .  newline newline newline newline  yeah . i can see that . i just  figured it would maybe be a good way to ... yknow ... step outside my ... comfort zone ...  twan seemed to pause in thought . then he nodded . newline newline newline newline  alright . i think we can talk about this . come on in .  i stepped inside , looking at the myriad of cat pictures that hung on the walls of the hallway . twan clearly had his ways of dealing with negativity . newline newline newline  newline newline newline lorna tried to apply her meditation techniques . that was her problem  always trying , instead of just doing . newline newline newline newline she breathed in , and out . in , and out . now , there were no words . fuck . no words are words , are nt they ? but it did nt matter . newline newline newline newline she picked up the phone . caller id was a blessing . she might have been too slow to pick up the phone the first time , but the person on the other side still needed to work out their anger . newline newline newline newline beep . it s just a job .  beep . only a job . newline newline newline newline then , a voice .  who s there ?  newline newline newline newline  ehem . your local scapegoat .  newline newline newline newline lorna braced herself . then ... newline newline newline newline  you fucking fuck . you shitty fucking fuckhead fucker , you . i fucking called and you did nt answer . you lousy fuckin  piece of shit . fuckin  cocksucker . rot in the bowels of hell , you stinkin  dirtbag ho . fuck , i ve had it with you people . all the same . fuckin  shithole village . fuckin  splinter in my foot . it s all your fuckin  fault , you piece of shit . just when i need a tetanus shot , the doc s out of town . fuckin  quack . what kind of medical school would accept you , you shithead fucker ? i hope you choke on a cock and die .  newline newline newline newline beeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeep .  what the hell was that ! ?  i screamed in my head . newline newline i was washing my bloodied knife which i had used to murder my latest target , when the announcement we would like to announce that hell is finally empty which sounded like someone yelling through a 60 s vector buzzed the quite night . newline newline i put on my grey tshirt which was lying on the money bag  went to the roof of my miniature apartment . newline newline  nothing  i thought as i analysed my surroundings . newline newline ah.. it must be the young addicts playing with their toys ... haha ... .kids newline newline after seeing the moon for a few seconds i went to bed . i was a little dubious but happy with the money my client paid . newline newline  newline newline it is afternoon . i m sitting with my crime partner alan and his wife marie . she thinks we both are bank employees because alan love her too much to introduce her to our real profession . well lets say we kill people for money does that comes under a profession i m not sure . newline newline  so did you seal the deal of that new client ?  alan asks sipping his coffee in the familiar fake banker accent . newline newline  yeah ! of course it was a big money deal . i will surely take a few days off now . last few months have been extremely good for me .  newline newline we both shared a dark laugh . newline newline as we further talked some stuff i asked alan jokingly . newline newline  did you heard some deafening announcement last night ?  newline newline marie was reading a novel when she suddenly interrupts the conversation . newline newline  oh come on peter ! now you do nt start with this announcement joke . i was sitting beside alan and i did nt hear a thing it was silent as a graveyard and ... .  newline newline  wait a minute peter can you come with me for a minute .  alan interrupts and without even waiting for my answer he escorts me to the parking area . newline newline  you heard it too ?  newline newline  yes alan i did . it was extremely loud but what the hell does it suppose to mean ?  newline newline  i do nt know but when marie ignored existence of this whole thing i called our other colleges and they heard it too and only them not their wife or kids .  newline newline  weird ... i mean ... how can hell be empty when this contract killing has been going on since 10 years . i mean are we sent to heaven for killing people ...  newline newline suddenly my phone beeps . it was a text message . newline newline  congratulations peter mcbain . you have completed your course of killing hidden criminals . you are now fully trained to become a special service agent . help us keeping the hell empty forever  newline newline                                                           newline newline edit : rookie here . so any suggestion or improvements are more than welcome . newline newline newline newlinenow , this is a story all about how newline my life got flippedturned upside down newline and i d like to take a minute newline just sit right there newline i ll tell you how i became the prince of a town called bel air newline newline in west philadelphia born and raised newline on the playground was where i spent most of my days newline chillin  out maxin  relaxin  all cool newline and all shootin some bball outside of the school newline when a couple of guys who were up to no good newline started making trouble in my neighborhood newline i got in one little fight and my mom got scared newline she said you re movin  with your auntie and uncle in bel air  newline newline i begged and pleaded with her day after day newline but she packed my suit case and sent me on my way newline she gave me a kiss and then she gave me my ticket . newline i put my walkman on and said , i might as well kick it  . newline newline first class , yo this is bad newline drinking orange juice out of a champagne glass . newline is this what the people of belair living like ? newline hmmmmm this might be alright . newline newline but wait i hear they re prissy , bourgeois , all that newline is this the type of place that they just send this cool cat ? newline i do nt think so newline i ll see when i get there newline i hope they re prepared for the prince of belair newline newline well , the plane landed and when i came out newline there was a dude who looked like a cop standing there with my name out newline i ai nt trying to get arrested yet newline i just got here newline i sprang with the quickness like lightning , disappeared newline newline i whistled for a cab and when it came near newline the license plate said fresh and it had dice in the mirror newline if anything i could say that this cab was rare newline but i thought nah , forget it   yo , homes to bel air  newline newline i pulled up to the house about 7 or 8 newline and i yelled to the cabbie yo homes smell ya later  newline i looked at my kingdom newline i was finally there newline to sit on my throne as the prince of bel airthe baron pointed his finger at me and said ,  no . we do nt want him .  the children , including me , froze . even the dragons stared . baron whitehall continued ,  he s been an ugly troublemaker since before he was born . we re better off without him . keep him .  newline newline smoke rose from draella s nostrils .  you do not wish us to return your manchild ?  newline newline  look at him . he s no manchild . he s an abomination . the deal stands , so long as you take him with you .  newline newline i called ,  take me back ! please , sir !  baron whitehall ignored me . i caught myself rubbing my jaw . my enormous , monstrous , inhuman jaw , which jutted out from my face and always reminded me i was halforc . i tried to pretend i was wiping something off of my face , but that did nothing to cover up my greengray skin . i looked in the crowd of humans for my mother . i had always admired her sunny hair and ruddy skin , and at times like these i tried to remember that i had some of her blood in me . but when i found her and met her eyes , she folded her arms and turned away from me . newline newline draella nodded her head .  it is done . your manchild will be our servant .  newline newline draella s eldest son kiriloth opened our cage . there was a crush of arms and legs as the 19 other human childrenthe 19 human children , i corrected myselfpushed to get out . knowing it was my only chance to escape , i tried to follow them , but they shoved me back , and i stumbled and fell to the cage floor . the cage door was still open , so i got up and tried to run out again . johnny , who at sixteen was three years older than me , waited at the entrance . i tried to rush past him , but he kicked me right between the legs . then he slammed the door shut and kiriloth locked it . the human children raced to their parents , to their families , and to their friends . the two dragon hatchlings that the village had captured were released from their chains and flew to their mother and brother , where they reunited with nuzzles and playful nips . then draella picked up my cage . i shouted ,  mother !  but she did nt look as i was taken away . newline newline the dragon nest was on top of a mountain ringed by cliffs . they had only one task for their new servant , which was to get rid of their dung . normally they would nt even have defecated near their nest , but they enjoyed watching me struggle to clean up after them . if they had allowed me a shovel and a wheelbarrow , the work would nt have been so hard . but since i did nt matter to them , they expected me to use my hands . newline newline kiriloth was particularly sadistic .  manchild !  he would call , because that was all they ever called me . i would run to him , because if i did nt i would get no food that evening .  i have a gift for you !  then he would point his bottom at me and expel his dung . i would try to dive out of the way or to hide behind a rock , but more often than not i would be covered in the foul , sticky excrement . newline newline within weeks , i was terribly sick . the dragons did nt care . draella even laughed when my vomit came up bloody .  the manchild will die soon ,  she told her brood .  see how weak they are ! there s no point in feeding him anymore .  newline newline i knew i had to escape that evening . late that night , after they had fallen asleep , i crawled away . the moon was covered in clouds that evening , so i could hardly see . i went to the cliff edge and peeked over . it was close enough to vertical that i could nt make out a path down . i went along the edge of the cliff , straining my eyes for a handhold . when i had made it halfway around the mountain , i saw a ledge . it was too far down for a comfortable jump , maybe twice the height of a man away . but beneath it , the cliff was nt a sheer face anymore . i shivered . the wind up here was freezing , and i knew i was feverish . i looked for handholds on the cliff face , but there were none . then i looked back towards the dragons .  oh , mother ,  i said . newline newline i laid on my chest and swung my legs over the edge . i searched for footholds with my toes , but again , there were none . i eased myself backwards a hand s breadth and dug my fingers into the dirt to give myself some purchase . i checked again for footholds , then inched further backwards . eventually my hips were balanced on the edge of the cliff . i could nt look down without losing my balance . as i lowered myself further , i slipped . the cliff face spun across my vision , and i crashed onto the ledge below . newline newline i lay on the cliff face for a moment , breathing hard . then i checked my arms and legs to see how badly i was injured . i could still move them and put weight on them , so it would be just bruises . i sat up , aching and dizzy . the way down from here was steep , but manageable . newline newline by the time morning came , i was halfway down the mountain . i hid underneath an old , gnarled tree with broad branches and thick leaves , and i slept . the dragons , i knew , would nt bother to search hard for me . i awoke shivering . i moved into the warm sun , but i still felt cold . my head felt like it was full of wool , and i could nt keep my balance well enough to stand . i began to crawl . newline newline i found a river and quenched my thirst . the river was my best hope to find people , so i crept along the bank on my hands and knees . my vision began to blur as i went , but i stayed near the sound of the rushing river . late in the day , as the sun was nearing the horizon , i found a small dirt road . i could see tracks on it where people had forded the river . there were people near ! i let my aching body collapse at the edge of the road . newline newline i awoke to a kick in the ribs . a huge figure , silhouetted against the morning sun , stood over me . he grunted something . i mumbled ,  mother ,  and got another kick in the ribs . i vomited blood into my mouth , then choked . i was too weak to lift my head , so when i spat out the blood i ended up putting my face in it . the silhouette turned and yelled something . by now my eyes had adapted to the light and i could make him out . he was a fullblooded orc . his jaw was bigger than mine , his skin was full green , and his fangs stuck out from beneath his lip . behind him looked to be an orc raiding party . newline newline the orcs surrounded me . one of them shouted in my ear . i did nt speak orcish , so it was just gibberish to me . the orcs jabbered among themselves for a moment . then they tore off the rags i was wearing and searched them . when they found nothing , they shouted at me again . all i could do was whisper ,  mother .  one of them kicked me in the back and the others snickered . then a club crashed into my ribs , and another into my legs . my kneecap shattered . pain took over my world . the orcs beat me , breaking my bones and tearing bloody gashes into my skin . then one of the clubs hit my head and everything went black . newline newline when i awoke i felt warm . i stood up , easily , painlessly , and looked around . the orcs were leaving . when i looked down i saw my broken body . the last blow had split open my skull , and my brains were spread across the road . newline newline i lifted myself into the sky and flew home . i landed in front of the cottage i had shared with my mother , stepfather , and halfsiblings . my mother was inside spinning thread .  mother !  i called .  i m here !  mother did nt look up . when i put my hand on her , her life jumped through my mind . i saw the day she went into the forest alone . i saw my own conception , and i felt her terror and shame . then i felt her resentment and hatred for her son , and her years of selfloathing for the hatred she bore . finally i felt her relief when i had vanished , captured by the dragons , and her regret for how she had treated me .  oh , mother , i always loved you ,  i said . i embraced her . when i touched my forehead to hers , i gave heri do nt know howa feeling of peace . newline newline suddenly i felt pity for the orcs , and the dragons , and for baron whitehall . so i left the village and flew away , looking for others who were like i had been . for outcasts who were hated by everyone . they are my family now , and i keep watch over them like a father , guiding their hearts and giving them strength .a siren shrieked as the fog seeped away from my vision . where the hell was i this time ? newline newline pounding and drumming carried on going behind my eyes which was to be expected , even without this cold i d still be incredibly disorientated . something about shifting your entire body into a parallel dimension without a protective suit had an incredibly nauseating effect . newline newline this was all in the brief that i d been given but reciting it like a mantra gave me hope that i d be back home soon enough . they d recovered plenty of people before me , albeit with a few disorders here and there . one guy they recovered was completely fine with the exception of flinching every time he saw a dog . i m sure i d passed that world a few days ago . newline newline the usual yacking up of my lunch did nt reduce the pounding and drumming , if anything it intensified . the sirens continued and i could make out a voice . going against all logic i pulled myself up from the floor and slowly made my way towards the voice . newline newline i appeared to be in an alleyway of some sort , surrounded by the detritus of city living . as i approached the voice i could see a park in front of me it looked like any regular park as you would find in a regular world but what i saw next delayed any thoughts that i had , somehow , returned home . newline newline a large carriage stood in a gateway to the park and what was tethered to it could only be described as a robot horse but with a mechanical human head instead of a horse s . this is where the siren and voice was coming from . newline newline  return to your homes . any resistance to his imperial majesty s will shall be met with the full force of the law  newline newline good . at least they spoke english . newline newline i ambled towards the crowd which had gathered in front of the large carriage . a ring of , what looked like , police officers stood around the carriage , holding off the angry mob that had surrounded it . all the people seemed to be wearing some sort of fancy dress but it looked as if they d all run through the fancy dress shop and grabbed whatever they could . a man holding a cane wore a top hat but with a tudor ruff under his chin . a woman screaming obscenities wore medieval peasant s dress but wrapped in a corset of a westernera madame . it was all very unsettling . newline newline a group of children ran past me , i grabbed one and shouted above the noise of the crowd . newline newline  what s going on ?  newline newline  it s that tosser disraeli ! e pissed off the emperor one too many times with is talk of sedition ! now es gunna ang for it in the tower !  newline newline he struggled against my grip and ran off into the crowd . disraeli to hang ? similar people , different results . this i knew all too well from my free fall through the stream . just like when i saw the tate hanging works of the lesser known artists of the vienna school and including one a. hitler in the mix . his paintings still sucked . newline newline a shot rang out , doing nothing good for my headache , and the crowd dispersed as if a wrong word had never been spoken . i was pushed and jostled along until i saw a shop , to which i quickly fought my way . i slammed the door shut behind me . a frightened shop keeper looked back . newline newline  are you going to rob me mister ?  his thick cornish accent unusually comforting . newline newline  what do you even sell here ?  i asked breathlessly . newline newline  well i sell all sorts of losanges , medicines , balms , healing powders , steam powered exercise belts and if you re willing to pay premium i do have special items but those i keep locked in the back .  newline newline  you re a chemist ?  newline newline he stared for a moment .  a chemist sir ? never heard of one of those . i m a druid sir . one in a long line of the healing men of the greater welsh imperial dynasty .  he seemed to swell with the pride . newline newline  greater welsh imperial dynasty ?  i asked incredulously . newline newline  yes sir . been going 200 years now after the uprising .  he gestured to the flag hanging above his various bottles . it looked like a refitted union flag but with the dragon of wales superseding the crosses of england and scotland .  have you been living under a rock or something ?  newline newline  you could say that ,  i replied .  hang on , did you say medicines ?  newline newline  i did sir . i could heal you right quick . i ll have to measure you depending on what it is but i m sure i could find something to cure whatever ails you ,  he answered . newline newline  well i ve got this terrible cold and it s making it really hard too ... travel well , could you get me something for that ?  newline newline he looked at me for a second , sizing me up .  well sir for someone of your stature i could prescribe you some pentiman s miracle liquid . cures fepsi and common colds plus it can be used as a table lacquer if needs be . would you like something like that ?  newline newline  yeah , sounds great  . newline newline he turned around , running his hands across the bottles lined up behind him in huge glass covered shelves . then i could feel it building up , a slight tingling at first then a sudden need to sneeze . newline newline  no ! no not here  , i thought ,  not after getting so close to sorting this out !  newline newline but i could nt stop it , the feeling washed over me and my back arched as the sneeze rolled up my body and through my nose . i could just hear the druid shout in alarm at being covered in my mucus as i was dragged backwards by my stomach and the fog engulfed me again . newline newline i came too after what seemed like seconds only to have a startled voice shout out .  achtung ! eine schmutzige pervers ! hilfe ! hilfe !  newline newline i raised my head and a group of women ran past me in various states of undress . i unsteadily pulled myself up off the ground as i took in my surroundings . a shower room . great . and was that german i heard again ? newline newline  hallo mein kleines kind . sie befinden sich in groen schwierigkeiten ,  a big voice boomed behind me . newline newline i turned around hesitantly as i took in the sight of a huge woman in a headmistresses outfit wielding a long cane which she tapped on her hand . newline newline  jetzt mit mir fr deine strafe , du frecher junge kommen ,  she said to me with the most terrifying smile i had ever seen . newline newline  oh great ,  i thought ,  here i go again ! satan walked casually down the main boulevard , his goat hooves clacking in the emptiness . william , his favorite accountant , walked slightly behind him as he and the dark lord too inventory of the remaining stock . this was something that satan did every few hundred years anyway so that he could commission more skinflails or meat hooks , but this time it was to determine what was being left behind . newline newline satan turned and stopped in front of a large , wroughtiron gateway . a large sign overtop read  serial murderers.   what does the inventory look like ?  newline newline william pulled up his clipboard and flipped through a few pages before settling on a specific sheet .  it looks like we still have 152 skinflails , 499 meat hooks , 2,044 surgical knives , 212 metalspiked dildos , and 8 rotisseries.  newline newline satan raised an eyebrow , and reached into his pocket to pull out his reading glasses . taking the clipboard from william he eyed the inventory sheet ,  only 8 rotisseries ? we used to have what , 15,000 ?  newline newline william nodded as satan handed the clipboard back ,  apparently they  re having a big celebration up there .  triumph of good over evil ,  or  second coming party  or something to that affect . lots of roasted meats.  newline newline satan nodded ,  ah , so they needed something to cook with.  he smiled ,  rather morbid , wouldn  t you say ?  newline newline  yea ,  william said thoughtfully . he looked back up at satan ,  you know you were invited right ? i mean , god wouldn  t  newline newline satan waved his hand ,  yes , yes , i know i was invited . god and i  s fights were always more for show than anything else . he needed a villain , and i was willing to take on the role.  he pulled out a large key and inserted it into a lock on the gate ,  nothing else , right ?  newline newline william flipped through the sheets on the clipboard again ,  not that i can see . k  laska and azgarth were the last to clock out , and they said they cleaned and polished everything.  he flipped through the sheets one more time to be sure ,  nope , that looks like everything.  newline newline satan smiled sadly and turned the key on the gate . the lock closed with a loud clang , and satan stepped back . the gate began to glow , then shimmer , and finally waiver before disappearing , leaving nothing behind but some red rock , and fire pits in the distance .  what  s next ?  newline newline  looks like the pathological liars ,  william said .  down the main street and to the left.  newline newline  i know the way ,  satan said , and they walked . newline newline this went on for what seemed to be years , each time satan and william verifying the remaining inventory , occasionally cracking a dark joke about the situation , and then closing up shop . finally , after all that remained was the main boulevard , satan turned back to william ,  you want a drink ?  newline newline william checked the sheets ,  i guess all that  s left is your place ,  he said . newline newline satan smiled ,  oh i  m not closing that up  too many memories there . i  ll keep the place open for sentiments sake.  newline newline william nodded ,  fair enough ,  and tossed the clipboard into a fire pit . they wouldn  t need it anymore . newline newline walking back down the main boulevard they finally arrived at satan  s house and this time satan pushed open the gates . william allowed himself another small chuckle at the  satan , phd . ceo of hell ,  wrought into the gate . newline newline william looked around and noticed a particular absence when they got into satan  s parlor ,  where  s zxxlgsah ?  newline newline satan waved his hand dismissively as he went over to the cupboard and pulled out a bottle of red liquid and two glasses .  i let him retire yesterday . he was very upset , the poor fellow , as this was all he had known in his 15,000 years of service . i  m sure god has need of a few waitstaff so he should be fine.  he poured william a glass , handed it to him , and then poured himself one . newline newline william took his glass and sat down on the couch . swirling the liquid around inside he sniffed it tentatively ,  is this your private vintage ?  newline newline satan smiled as he sat in his easy chair , and gingerly sipped his own drink .  i  ll give you  100 if you can guess . you  ve had time to refine your palette by now , surely.  newline newline william sipped tentatively ,  female , late 1700  s to early 1800  s ,  he paused and sipped again ,  torture and murder ?  newline newline satan smiled ,  delphine lalaurie . died in 1842 in france . she was a treat , let me tell you.  he sipped his glass again ,  i suppose you got it sort of right , so you can have  50 ,  and smiled mischievously . newline newline william laughed and raised his glass to satan ,  it was a good time.  newline newline satan raised his glass in return ,  it was indeed.  setting his glass down , he reached over and picked up the receiver on a golden telephone . he dialed 333 and waited . after a moment he cleared his throat and said ,  we would like to announce that hell is finally empty . godspeed mankind ,  and then replaced the receiver . newline newline  well ,  william said ,  that  s that . interested in going to the party ?  newline newline  in a few minutes ,  satan said as he leaned back in his chair and sipped at his drink again ,  let  s just enjoy the quiet for a few minutes . it has been so very long since hell was quiet . the quad is my place of worship . i can sit by myself , read my book , study or just people watch . i m done with my homework today but do nt feel like heading back to my awful dorm room . katie , my roommate is a whore and her bed is constantly full with different tenants . so i lean back and let my hair fall over my shoulder . newline newline it s a cool fall day and the leaves are starting to change . i m on top of a hill so i can look down at all the little college students scurry from class to class . although most just hang out walking lazily as they try to get through the hangover from last night . newline newline i m about to pack up and walk to my room when i see him . well , not so much see but i feel him . his presence alone drives me berserk . he s the tallest in his pack of men but that s not all . he s confident , he s cocky and it makes him seem that much larger . newline newline i pretty much love devin mcgreer but he does nt know it . actually , i doubt if he knows my name . we went through elementary , middle and high school and eventually i followed him to the state school not just for him but i ca nt say it did nt excite me when he came here , too . newline newline his dark brown hair is cut short , almost military style except for a thick strip on top . with the setting sun , his aqua eyes sparkle . i think i m drooling but i do nt nobody can tell from up here . forever a loner . he continues to talk with his hockey brothers and then he fades out of my vision , behind a building .all his life , joe had been afraid of zombies . their insatiable taste for flesh had terrified him as a kid . he remembered hiding behind the couch or under the sheets as the flesheaters ravaged their victims on screen . the only source of courage for joe in his childhood was his older brother , chris . he could watch any scary movie without flinching . in fact , when joe was scared the most , whether from zombies or homework , chris would be there to comfort him and give him the strength he needed . newline newline chris never seemed afraid of anything , but that did nt help in the face of the car crash . chris s fearlessness finally did him in when he decided it would be a good idea to drive his pickup over a ramp and jump a cow . the cow survived . everyone in joe s family was devastated . joe lost his source of courage , so he decided to make his own . courage in the face of fear was the only time anyone could be courageous . newline newline with the subsequent barrage of zombie movies , video games , shows , books , and action figures , joe s still grieving mind became increasingly convinced that the zombie apocalypse would be his calling , his chance to prove to his late brother that he was courageous . newline newline it took 20 years , dropping out of community college , a broken relationship with ma and pa , and three girlfriends , but joe finally had his foolproof zombie apocalypse plan set in motion . he bought a three acre plot of land , built walls and a bunker with his fellow doomsday preppers , and prepared for the inevitable rise of the undead . newline newline his small posse of zombie killers waited for two years , always watching the news for that first sign . they came from all over the area . robbie was from up north , zeek from deep in the south , and jerry from far out west . they had pooled their resources , formed a closeknit bond with each other , and now waited patiently for the end of civilization . they would need each others  aid when the zombie hordes came . newline newline one thursday , the end had finally come . there had been no news of zombies on the radio , but they all could feel it . emerging from the bunker to greet the first zombie horde , they were instead greeted by what seemed to be an eclipse . as they looked up , they realized it was no eclipse  there was something in the sky . newline newline as they all scratched their heads , wondering what was going on , they heard a booming voice echoing across the lands . newline newline  people of earth your attention please . this is prostectic vogon jeltz of the galactic hyperspace planning council ... you have nt slept in the past 48 hours . or so you ve thought , you ve since lost track . it s been three days since your world fell apart . your baby has nt stopped crying ever since your wife left . newline newline your wife had left you 3 days before . you had feared she would lose it , ever since she had tentatively announced her pregnancy to you . it was bitter sweet . you had tried so long for a child . she had lost so many to miscarriages and had an abortion with a long ago boyfriend at a very young age . the lost babies had always haunted her , even though she would never admit it , you had known they did . newline newline you were scared . she was your world . and how could you ever care for a baby alone . through all your cuddling and attempts to feed and sooth your baby , it was all in vein . every time you left her alone in her room she screamed all over again . she wanted her mother and you feared she knew what you would never admit , her mother was never coming back . newline newline your first inkling that something was wrong was a week ago . just a few days after bringing her home , finally . it seemed like that hospital stay would never end , three months too long . you awoke to your daughter , in a fit of rage , starving , wanting a breast to suckle on . your wife always awoke before you and had fed her the past few days , but today she had neglected her duties . as you carried your screaming child to find her you turned the corner to see her in a trance like state . standing at the bay window with a thousand yard stare in her eye . newline newline she was mumbling to herself  huff ... i m a failure ... my milk is dry ...  newline newline you are brought back into your hell that is a reality by the shrill screams of your daughter . as you struggle to hear the familiar tone of  we re sorry the voice mail box you are trying to reach is full  ... all full of messages of you pleading with your wife to come home . you had called the cops two days ago . your fear of her never coming back was slowly becoming a reality . you went to grab your daughter . she was all you had left . newline newline as you desend the stairs with her in your arms you hear the sharp screams of crying coming from her room . as you reach the last step ... your world slowly shifts ... newline newline beep ... ... beep ... beep ... beep ... . newline newline the crying slowly becomes sobs ... beep ... your eyes are blinded by a harsh light coming from above you . you are cold . as your eyes adjust you slowly make out your surroundings . the white sterile surroundings , remind you very much of the room your wife and daughter were in for there three month stay . as you scan the room the sobs suddenly are recognized . newline newline your sister is beside you . her hand is in yours . clutching it firmly . newline newline you are drawn aback from the change in reality . only a studder of  wh ... whhhaaa ?  escapes your mangled body . your sister s face lets a slight wave of relief wash over her . as she confronts your question she is again overcome by anguish . newline newline  you ... never made it home three days ago  she blurts out . again over come by tears . newline beep ... beep ... beep ... newline  the truck blew the light , they never had a chance  ... the silence hung in the air ... beep ... beep ... newline newline as you slip back into the black abyss the sobs become that again of a child screaming .it s the holiday season , the time of year when people hide in the deepest darkest bunkers that they can find and wait for the new year to tell them that it s ok to come out and return to a normal life . newline newline the whole thing starts with thanksgiving , the last peaceful feast of the year . people sit , eat and drink and gorge themselves on a bounty , for some it ll be their last meal , for others it ll be their last hot meal until they come out of hiding over a month later . stuffed with carbs and wine people start to lock their doors while others sharpen their weapons fore at midnight the carnage starts with the most violent day of the year . newline newline black friday , the day of death . the single day of the year with the highest death count . folks just flock into the streets to beat each other and kill one another , it s horrible , but it s only the beginning . newline newline for the next few weeks people will assault , rob , and kill each other . they even gather at large buildings near the center of their town to engage in blood sport . these so call  mauls  are like tiny arenas for combat , they even have the latest weapons for you to use while there . newline newline christmas is when people get antsy . all of this violence and bloodshed is almost over , the poor and weak are hiding in a hole or in the mountains somewhere , but the rich are holed up in castles or out in the woods . it s become tradition to catapult burning trees over the walls , hoping to catch some unaware nobleman , or to battering ram the front gate in hopes of being able to get through and sack the castle . these  christmas trees  are rarely effective , but from time to time they do get someone who s either unlucky or was very naughty . newline newline then there s new year s eve . true , many people die this day of the year , but really it s not as many as you d think . but there is an absurd amount of explosions , burnings , and just general beatings . this is your last chance to fight oneonone with someone in order to settle a dispute  called a  new year s resolution   . newline newline at the stroke of midnight a ball is dropped in the center of the local maul and the fighting must stop , the clergy emerges from wherever they hid and regains control . by the sixth of january three clergy members report the tallies of who was lost the last holiday season , a day referred to as  three kings  day  it s a sad time , but we must carry on in their memory . newline newline so please , prepare yourself for this horrible time of year . and may your sword always parry and fight . sir , how may i help you ? newline newline i m looking for a wooden desk . something elegant , perhaps a bit antique . newline newline very well . follow me please .  newline newline nathan leads the latest customer to the second floor , where the desks and chairs are . he begins showing him various articles , some of which seem to mildly satisfy the customer . nathan is about to head to the back , where he thinks he ll find what the man is looking for . the idea occurs to him , he hesitates ... it would be a waste of time ... meeeh what the hell it ca nt hurt to try . newline newline  perhaps this desk will satisfy you . a bit of a louis xvi style , very elegant , and still quiet ergonomic newline newline huuum , no i do nt think i ll take that one .  newline newline there . obviously . no point in pushing further . except . newline newline  may i ask why ? newline newline well , i do nt know , it s just not my style .  newline newline the customer was clearly puzzled . and he had good reasons to be , this was nt a very common question to ask . although it only started to get weird when nathan kept insisting newline newline  it is exactly what you asked for , though . why would you not want it ? is there any specific detail you do nt like ? newline newline that s a strange question ! i do nt like it , that s all ! it does nt , look very good , the drawers are off ... i mean , i m allowed to not like it .  newline newline nathan knows he should nt be doing this , but he just ca nt resist his curiosity . he know that if he continues his investigation , the customer will get angry . there is indeed nothing to investigate . the customer s behaviour seemed perfectly natural . it would have been perfectly natural , if it was nt for the history of this specific desk . usually , pieces were sold after one week to five months . some took a bit longer . but this one was the only one to remain unsold 7 years . it was good quality , looked nice , had no visible flaw , yet it simply did nt sell . but it was only when you pushed things that they got interesting . in this case , the customer had already mentioned the drawers . nathan decides that the shop is doing fine financially , and he does nt need this particular customer . newline newline  you said the drawers were off . what do you mean by that ? newline newline i do nt know ! why are you asking these questions ! ? they just do nt look good , they re ... they re too charged , it s not nice , i do nt like it ok ?  newline newline charged ? things are getting interesting . nathan knows that he needs to push him into making intuitive responses . newline newline  charged ? ugly ? big ? sharp ? what are these drawers , what do they want from you ?  the eyes of the man show his increasing anger and astonishment . these halfrandom words have the expected effect . soon , he will wonder if nathan is a mad man , but in the meantime he will say the truly interesting things . newline newline  deep ? sharp ? drawers ? that does nt even make sense ! ! how could drawers be vigilant ? vigilance and sharpness are nt even drawer qualities . and even if these had something to protect , they would nt be sharp or anything . i do not know what you re trying to say , but it is complete nonsense . goodbye , sir .  newline newline nathan smiled as the door slammed shut . he had heard a lot with this one . when the customers took time to consider the piece of furniture , they always felt what was wrong about it , and the more he pushed them to think of it , the more they would know , the more they would want to get away . he had tried to get that effect on himself , but for some reason it had never worked on him , to him the desk was just an ordinary piece of furniture . newline newline over the course of the last 6 years he had gathered enough information to piece some things together . this desk had been used to write . he did nt know what was written , but it was something extremely powerful . knowledge so dangerous that it s simple presence on a piece of paper left an aura which lasted for century . of course , this knowledge was protected . this is why the drawers were what felt the weirdest . today , they were empty , but they still remembered what they had held . in those drawers , the powerful papers charged with information were stored  and in those drawers there was something else . something designed to protect . something vigilant . something sharp . newline newline after writing about what today s customer had said and what it added to what he knew , nathan sat back , thought for a while , then decided that he had learned enough from customers . he did nt need to leave the desk at the shop anymore , he would bring it home , where he would study it in greater detail . newline newline the next day , after closing the shop , he headed to pick up the desk and carry it to his truck . then he stopped . something was wrong . the desk ... felt wrong . pushed by his curiosity , he took a closer look , and jolted when the drawers looked back ... or so it felt , it did nt really make much sense , but he did nt really want to know more . he stepped back , and he realized what was happening . he was feeling the effect of the desk ! thrilled , he overcame the aversion and headed back towards it to study it in detail . in his eyes it was completely different , it now looked ugly and deformed . the drawers were made in a way that would prevent them from opening , and the legs were spiky , not actually spiky , there were nt any spikes coming out , but he felt that they were figuratively spiky , that was the word , it described them well . he approached the vigilant guardian , studying it , learning more as he breathed in the auras emanating from the desk , auras so sharp and precise you could cut yourself on them , and he opened the drawers , and whereas things were all ugly around him , what was in the drawer was beautiful , it was well crafted , it fit in his hand perfectly , he knew what it was , he knew what it was meant to do , everything was wrong , but this could make it right , this could fix things , if he just wielded it s sharp , vigilant edge like he should , everything would be beautiful . newline newline nathan is found dead from a stab wound the next morning , lying next to an antique desk . the murder weapon is never found . newline of all the places and times they could place us ... why here ?  newline newline gerald turned to me .  do nt be foolish ian . why would they send us anywhere else . look at this place !  he gestured out to the empty and barren field .  what possible damage could we do to anyone but ourselves ?  newline newline in the distance , we could see the battered sky scrapers and the blackened ground that lead to the city where they rusted . we d gone there once , using the heavier grade suits provided the lab techs . even through the suit , i could feel the warmth of the radiation . there d been nothing of worth to see there , just a charred ruin that had once been los angeles . newline newline there was nothing worth seeing anywhere , at all . nothing grew out of the ground , or walked on it . nothing flew in the air above us , or swam in the sea miles to the south of us . the water there was too dead to support even microbes . newline newline  besides ,  gerald went on .  this time and place serve as an object lesson . to show us what our wayward behavior will one day do to the world , should men like us fail to change our hearts .  newline newline i scoffed .  that is suuuch a crock of shit !  he looked at me quizzically .  oh come on gerald ! do you really think it was men like us  who did this to the world ? poor men struggling to make ends meet ? men who can barely feed their families , and only because we go outside the precious law supplement the meager incomes we can eek out working in factories that build service robots , or the repair shops that keep them working ?  i kicked a rock across the barren landscape .  no . the scars on this damaged world are not the making of hands like ours . this world was destroyed by wealthy men with power . the kind of men like those who made the laws that acted against , and own the courts that sentenced us .  newline newline i cast my arm back toward the timegate through which our monthly provisions were dropped , and through which we d be pulled up into in another few years when our time was up .  we were sent here in the hopes that it would prevent this awful from from coming to pass . we were sent here to witness what our masters can and will do if ever there comes a day when too many people stop obeying them .  gesturing toward the ruins of la i said  that s not a cautionary warning ... it s a braggadocious threat .  newline newline gerald nodded grimly .  aye , that may be true . if it is , then i guess you ve got your answer on why we were sent here then .  newline newline nodding back i sighed .  i suppose i do .  newline newline  so , now that you ve got that out of your system , whatta ya wan na do for today ?  newline newline i shrugged .  another round of cards ?  newline newline  sure , we re up to 800,000 or so apiece in that rummy game . let s see how much longer it takes for one of us to hit a million .  newline newline gerald headed back into the hut to set up the table and shuffle the cards . i lingered a while longer to look out at the bleached landscape , wondering if humanity still lived on in this age . not the transplants from days past like me , but our descendants . there were nt any to be found on this ball of sun baked rock and sterile water ... but what about out there ? where there any humans living on martian colonies , or exploring the rest of the solar system ? had we made it out to other stars yet ? newline newline i hoped not . because if there were humans out in the cosmos , they were nt any descendants of mine , or of folk like me . no , peasants like me would have been left to rot on this dying planet , or burned away when all the bombs fell . the ones who left would have been the wealthy bastards who destroyed this world . those bastards would be the ones to get away from the mess and leave others to pay the price . newline newline that s why i dearly hoped that our savage stupidity had gotten the better of mankind before our cunning and amoral intellect had figured out all the big problems of space travel . bad enough we should ruin world . god forbid any of us should spread to another .seven cameramen jostled nervously for a shot of alan s notyetfamous burger grind . when he was eight , his dad had shown him some cool tricks with a grill that he d never had a chance to use in his thirdfloor apartment . newline newline   remember , son . sirloin is what is going to make your burger tender , but the ox tail and brisket are to make it nice and juicy .  newline newline the socalled secret ingredient  was easy to add as well  alan loved adding pineapple to my burgers as my local asian delivery guy would be quick to note . newline newline my entree would be done shortly enough , and bobby flay raised his voice to two other sous chefs to prepare his bchamel . his pineapple tuna mornay was to compare to hamburgers ... but already he was breaking a sweat . newline newline 35 minutes remained for my appetizer and desert . i decided , what s better for dessert than pancakes ? upsidedown pineapple pancakes were a go . again , quick and easy . three cameramen remained on bobby s side , while i had to politely ask one of them to be my sous chef instead of standing right next to my grill . newline newline he got the thumbsup from an official and he quickly washed his hands and got to chopping a pineapple into oneinch cubes . newline newline jamie oliver sat nervously in the audience wearing a hoodie , looking at a picture of his bobby flay body pillow on his phone to break the tension . newline newline he had to get a way for flay to just notice him already . newline newline giving the other contestant a few tips on what to make had been easy , but damn this guy was eating it up ! newline newline for an appetizer , bobby was whipping up some grilled pineapple and short rib kebabs . he glanced nervously to camera 1 zooming in on alan s burger grind . newline newline both of them were throwing pineapple into something that normally would nt be then . perfect . newline newline his homemade pineapple ice cream was set , with now roughly thirty minutes remaining . his fish had some down time on it , and he got to thinking perhaps some alcohol might sway the judges ... newline newline alan flipped his burgers . he got to grilling some onions , for the hell of it . he added a dash worcestershire sauce and a bit of hoisin sauce for flavor , just a hint of sesame oil in the pan to grease it . newline newline what the hell was he going to do for an appetizer , though ? it s not like he really cared , but flay had definitely taken the kebabs on purpose . newline newline but then , alan had a brilliant idea ! he would fake flay out . newline newline he asked the sous chef to skewer the pineapple cubes and put them over the grill . with just over 25 minutes left , and his pancakes were not close enough to being ready , the burgers were just getting on . newline newline moving over to his trusty food processor , he prepared some pecans and cream cheese to be blended well . next , alan skewered a few jalapeno peppers and sat them on the grill . newline newline everyone was on the edge of their seat , and alan was only just starting to get interested . newline newline when everyone had said he d won a ticket to copper chef , he d thought it was a joke after he d brought the same kebabs bobby was now making to a party . now some of alan s friends were cheering him on from the crowd . newline newline he had then figured if there were any extra burgers he could make , that would be a bonus . however , those damn kebabs had finally piqued his interests . newline newline he cut up a small stack of medium corn tortillas into quarters , catching a glare from flay . only twenty minutes left . newline newline flay looked up broodingly . would alan make the kebabs anyway ? as far as he was concerned , flay was the grill guy around here . alan looked back at him calmly , with a sly smile on his face . newline newline so this guy was here to win . shit . newline newline alan greased a pan and set a broiler . he put the tortilla quarters in spread kindof haphazardly and hoped for the best . he took it back out , adjusted three , and added a few drops of pineapple juice to each . he had to make it look convincing . newline newline alan s sous chef got to plating the entree and dessert , while alan whipped up his appetizer yet . fifteen minutes left . newline newline bobby s tuna was done , and the kebabs needed nearly every second , but plated up very easily . time to break out the big guns . newline newline he took out his ice cream , and sat about to fry it . newline newline the crowd gasped , for it was truly a bold move . newline newline alan shook his head . he remembered back to what his mother had told him : newline newline   alan , you need to treat your body right , but you do nt have to make crummy food to do that . just remember : never ruin something good by frying it .  newline newline his decoy kebabs ready , alan took the jalapenos and pineapple off of the skewers and put them into his food processor . with minutes remaining , he blended it all up , and checked on the tortillas . toasted up more or less perfectly ! newline newline the impromptu sous chef about saved alan s life plating up the pancakes , and then alan whispered in his ear . his eyes lighting up , the cameraman had a mission . newline newline alan plated the burgers , kings hawaiian rolls with the burger on bottom , a grilled pineapple chunk on top , and a drizzle of teriyaki along with the grilled onions . newline newline ah , screw it . the plates looked nice enough . he made a little swirl on the plate with some pineapple syrup and a mint sprig next to it so he would nt lose points . newline newline the pancakes looked fantastic , and he left cups of whipped cream and powdered sugar next to each small stack along with a cherry atop the stack on each plate . the judges  mouths watered . newline newline                          newline edit : formatting , line break , and break in storytelling . newline newline i need some sleep , but will return to this tomorrow with earnest : the first week was a nightmare . people shambling everywhere , random bite attacks , people turning . we had settled into a routine by the third week . newline newline  let me in ,  she said , banging on the door weakly .  james , i know you re in there , you bastard ! let me iiiiiin ! i m huuuuungryy !  newline newline ... noone expected them to be able to communicate . newline newline        newline newline this went out on international television . the first humanundead accord . but it all started with one person  james  sconner  smith . he heard his thendeceased girlfriend talk . newline newline        newline newline james let her in . she sat down , then saw the dog laying on the floor . she was hungry , and she knew it was wrong , but she torw in to the dog s head like it was the last cerme egg at easter time . newline newline james tried not to retch  fortunately , he was used to seeing such horrors on the screen , being a big fan of the george romero of the dead films form the 70s . newline newline          newline newline so , now , in the year 2066 , we have two presidents  one for the living population , and one for the dead population . those who wish to go over ot the dead population can volunteer to be infected . they are then transported to a hospice . newline newline really , the only difference between the two types of people now is the smell . dead children go to school together , and there s an entire brain market down in central manchester . newline newline we re kind of used to it , but now grampa james gets us to visit him in shady plots nursing home . he went there after he was diagnosed with a terminal ganglioma . there s even a zolympics starting next year . newline newline life is good . and so is death . newline newline as for me ? i m going to college in a zombie town as part of an exchange , now that the airborne contagion is gone . i ll be studying zombie medicine . cmon babe , just say it .  i whisper into his ear . my hand is on his knee , stroking with the lightest touch i can manage . he s nervous , i can tell . but that tells me nothing . newline newline  well , i ... i ...  he stammers . he s struggling to look me in the eye .  it s just that you re so outgoing and pretty and perfect ... i ... i do nt think i m good enough for you .  newline newline i feel my temper flare for a second , but i maintain my dominant stance . i do nt want this fucker s opinion of me , i want a goddamn definitive statement . i lean in , slowly guiding his chin towards me until we are looking each other in the eye . he s cute , but i need to know if i have full control here .  but do you love me , tell me that much .  i press on . newline newline he snaps away , looking off into the distance .  i do nt know ...  he murmurs . newline newline fucking liar . he knows , but he s just not telling me . i m not getting anywhere with this kid . i sigh and lean back , putting on my best pouty face and whine ,  well i really like you ... i just want to know what you think of me .  newline newline  anna !  newline newline we turn towards the sound . it s my father , waving me over from across the school . he s well built , darkhaired , and quite handsome . it s easy to see why my mother married him . if i was older i would have married him too ... newline newline  anna ! really ?  he shouts at me . he s giving me the whywouldyouthinkthat face . probably because he was reading my mind . he s telepathic after all . where else would i get my truespeak ? newline newline  dang , he s cute .  i hear the boy next to me mutter . i see my father blush and run his hand over his hair . i turn , baffled . newline newline  are you ... gay ?  i whisper . newline newline  what ? no !  he looks at me incredulously . newline newline mother of fuck . he s gay .my name is johnathan , and i have lived over 2000 years . i have seen it all , i saw my friends die in the black death . i was on the boat that columbus sailed to america , i fought in wwii . and i met jesus . newline newline allow me to take you back to a simpler time . 5 ac . i was only 17 at the time and i had no beliefs . i did nt think god was real none of it . i was a hardcore atheist . there was nt much to it back then . newline newline one day i was out going to the local market when a man approached me . he was a beggar ,  sir , do you have any food to spare ?   no i am sorry ,  ,  wait ! can i show you something ?  i was not in a huge hurry so i allowed him to show me .  he took me over to a group of beggars and asked me to repeat a chant to a beggar and the beggar repeated another chant . newline newline now i m not going to tell you it because it would not be good if the whole world found out about this chant , it would be utter chaos . newline newline so we repeated the chant and i blacked out . what , what just happened ? i got up and approached the other man to see if he was okay . dead , what the hell . but as i was checking to see if he was alive i found a number on my wrist . 43 . what was going on ? newline newline i never saw the man again . about a year later the number was still there , except when i woke up the number was one less . but how was that possible . i tried everything to make it go away before but somehow there was no trace of the three and only a two in its place . a year later i figured it out , the number was counting down every year . i still remembered the chant to that day and i had to try it again . newline newline i went the local beggar camp . i told a beggar i would give him some food if he repeated the chant . so he did and i did my end and i blacked out . i woke up , the beggar was dead . the moment of truth what did my arm say ? 46 . oh my god it worked . i felt bad , so bad but i was excited . newline newline i did this for a while trying to trick people . my parents passed after a while , then my brother , then my brother  s children . all until i had no family . i never aged . i always kept the same . i had killed so many people . my counter was at 2000 . newline newline i lived my life traveling joining army s everything i could do . newline newline 1836 newline newline that was the number when i first tried to kill myself . i jumped into a river and drowned myself . i was saved . 1834 , i angered a bull who stabbed me with its horn . i was stretched up before i bled out . 1837 i engaged in a bar brawl . i was stabbed 13 times . i woke up in a trash pile . my wounds were magically never there . i could nt die . newline newline what had i done ? i had to live my life for 1,834 more years . oh god . newline newline i ve fought many battles . killed many people , i have taken many aliases . michelangelo , christopher columbus , george washington , darwin , j.f.k . i faked my death many times to take on new lives . newline newline now my number is at 1 . i do nt know if i should add more time , or should i finish my life . my name is socrates , abraham , johnathan . i am an atheist . and i have one year to live . newlinein the beginning some idiots tried to harvest physical pain by torture , then they tried to cause horrible mental pain , and they succeed . however in most cases they did damage their resources to the point nothing could be done , it was such a waste . then politicians and regulators decided to step in and every  pain factory   what kind of moron names his product  pain factory  , is nt there some fancy greek word or something ?  had to be closed and whole process is now forbidden . newline newline however i still continue , secretly , in disguise . i found a way how to obtain resources and repeatedly use them . they even come to me voluntarily and call me samaritan . at first , they were homeless , old , poor people arriving every day multiple times . single mothers with their kids , students , people that are tight on money were next . then i opened my doors to anybody . newline newline i prefer mexicans , they are the best resource , providing the largest yield . no one can sustain so much pain for so long as them . their love for spicy food is endless . i wish i could harvest their pain while they are experiencing the heat from my food second time , while they are shitting . newline newline however , today i will not cook dinner , my staff do it for me . today , i have different plan , i will be the resource for my  competition  . madame beatrix with her whip will always get the best of me .it was ours newline newline this place newline newline where we d hide newline newline our own newline newline little meadow newline newline with grass to our knees newline newline and the sound of cars newline newline quiet in the distance newline newline our own newline newline little spot newline newline where no one newline newline would find us newline newline the meadow grass newline newline soft newline newline beneath our backs newline newline as i turned my head newline newline from the slightly cloudy newline newline blue sky newline newline to look you in newline newline your soft green eyes newline newline you whispered the words newline newline i d die to hear newline newline one last time newline newline it was spring newline newline the trees were green newline newline the grass was fresh newline newline the sweet smell of rain newline newline hung in the air newline newline and the birds chirped wildly newline newline you sat up newline newline and jumped to your feet newline newline your fiery red hair newline newline swaying gently in the breeze newline newline seemed to dance newline newline in the sunlight newline newline though newline newline your smile newline newline was all the light newline newline i needed newline newline your hand reached down newline newline waiting for mine newline newline to reach up newline newline maybe newline newline we ll find newline newline that meadow again newline newline someday newline newline and it ll be newline newline just you and i newline newline again newline newline but for now newline newline it s just me newline newline remembering the way newline newline things used to be newline newline and how i wish newline newline i had taken your hand newlinemartin trimsdale sat on the bench at the front of polymath shoes , kicking his feet back and forth underneath the seat . he was nt quite tall enough yet for his feet to reach the floor . he sat on his hands to keep from touching things he should nt be touching . newline newline behind the counter , his mother and father were whispering with the owner . from martin s vantage point , the owner looked unusually short , but martin knew why . newline newline the three grownups did not think martin was paying attention to their conversation . newline newline  oh yes , yes , it is guaranteed . guaranteed . 100  . i would stake my entire business on it . these shoes belonged to choan suk himself .  newline newline the owner was demonstrating a pair of worn shoes , which looked rather more like milk glasses with lopsided bottoms than footwear . newline newline  i m not sure about this ,  martin s mother said .  they say that classical music is a dying field . maybe martin should be a scientist or a mathematician .  newline newline  i have options in other fields ,  the owner said , laying a reassuring hand on the woman s shoulder .  of course all the most quality options also require the modification , if that s the concern .  newline newline  no ,  martin s father said , shaking his head .  we re fine with doing the modification . that s not the question here . we know we have to do that .  newline newline  very good ,  the owner said .  some parents hedge on that . if you want a prodigy , there s really no other way  in my experience . and if you want a truly great prodigy  mr. suk is not merely a composer . your son will have a taste of brilliance far beyond any of my other offerings . it s a rare opportunity . the rarest .  newline newline martin s parents shared a glance .  brilliance ,  his mother repeated , as if to herself . then :  are there any surgeons you recommend ?  newline newline  i always recommend dr. christov at panlife . they re a cosmetic surgery clinic that also does the modification . one of the very few who do it for children so young  and as you already know , doing it young is really the best way . it sets the tenor of the child s life . having skill is only one piece of the equation  you need the discipline to use it   newline newline  we do nt need a sales pitch ,  martin s father said .  do you have a card ?  newline newline  oh , yes ,  the owner said . he dug through a drawer and produced a card for dr. paul christov .  very short recovery time ,  he said , handing the card to martin s father .  the boy will be ready to walk in about six weeks . if you re committed to choan suk , then i can send the molds over to christov and he can have your son in for surgery before the end of the month .  newline newline martin s father rubbed one of the the strangelooking boots , almost absentmindedly . they had a series of ghastly looking belts and braces made to keep them secure around the wearer s legs .  do you think he can do the full mile in these ?  he asked . newline newline  with painkillers , absolutely .  newline newline  permanent damage ?  martin s mother asked . newline newline the owner laid his hand on her shoulder again .  that s standard . mobility of any kind will be out of the question after the walk . if you want greatness   newline newline martin s mother nodded . newline newline  i can recommend some excellent wheelchairs for after his walk ,  the owner said .  and do nt think of it as a disability  when you see someone with the modification on the street , you do nt pity them , do you ?  newline newline martin s mother looked back at her husband .  choan suk , then ?  she said . newline newline  send dr. christov the molds ,  martin s father told the owner .  i want to get this done as soon as possible .  newline newline  you re making an excellent choice ,  the owner said , smiling . big white toothy teeth . newline newline martin kicked his feet a little harder . with one finger he traced out a line just under his kneecaps and imagined what it would be like , when he could no longer kick his feet . newline newline newline newline newlineit was murder . that was the only word to describe it . newline newline they had been chased down like game , funneled towards the kill zone by the lines of screaming warriors that blocked off all avenues escape save for the one allowed . there was no order to the rout  all the officers had long been killed , expert marksmen blasting any with an officer s squares on their breast . any who stopped to fire back were quickly silenced , the rumors of what they did to prisoners urging them onward , desperate not to be the poor souls in the rear of the disorganized column . any who tripped or stumbled were left where they fell , their screams adding fuel to the soldiers  fears . fighters strafed the fleeing men , staccato blasts of laser fire tearing into the frighten mass . weapons and armor had been thrown aside long ago , their weight impeding their owners . most went unarmed , going so far as to toss caps and canteens away into the brush . newline newline shapes in the trees blurred , and accurate laser fire laced in , neat little holes for the entrance wounds , ugly gaping chunks of flesh blasted away on the other side . here and there a poor soul would take a step and then just vanish , his screams cut off as he fell into a pit of sharpened stacks . another soldier leaped over the pit , only to be caught by a length of razor thin wire . he managed to decapitate himself as did three others before they started to surge around it , the sound of screaming and blaster fire growing nearer . newline newline tomess ghast raced past comrades as they scalped dying men , leaping over the bodies of freshly fallen foes . his blaster pistol was tucked away in its holster , his vibrosword sheathed at his waist . over his armor was a freshly skinned hide , its dark green blood still dripping onto the damp soil . clasped lightly in one hand was a hunting spear , designed originally for beasts . it worked just as well against sentients . newline newline the hunt was reaching its apex , skiffs carrying hunters forward for the kill . ahead , marksmen started to rappel down from their perches , calling out to their comrades the number of dead they claimed . the dead foes were quickly stripped of their clothes , their naked bodies left for the carrion beasts . a speeder bike came to a halt next to him , its rider offering a hand . newline newline  ghast ,  the rider said , a collection of fresh scalps hanging from the sling of his blaster rifle . newline newline  mecfin .  he said , climbing on behind the man . the bike quickly speed up , passing the slower bands of hunters and the barely visible rear ranks of the retreating imperials . newline newline  well , ghast , you were right !  mecfin shouted over the din of the engines .  they took the bait and are regretting it !  newline newline it was almost too easy . play the part of primitive savages still using melee weapons and slug throwers , fake some rudimentary defenses whilst hiding the real ones and wait to spring the trap . the atat s they brought along were nothing to the expertise of the monastic pyrodrakes . khern marksmen shot any officer or nco who dared issue an order . rigorous psychological warfare and it seemed as if the ivrish outnumbered the imperials ten to one instead of the paltry two to one . their imagination playing tricks with them , a bit of excess blood spilled and they broke like game before the hounds . it took only one charge by their one band of galloglas for them to flee the killing field , ironically worsening their chances . it was the retreat that the largest amount of casualties happened , not open combat . but they broke like prey and so were chased down like prey . newline newline the speeder dropped him off at the mouth of a large canyon , scores of ivrish warriors waiting just beyond the reverse slope . the two hundred of so surviving imperial troopers knew the dangers of the enclosed space of the canyon , but speeder bikes and accompanying kherns kept them from breaking out of the pocket . flamethrowers and scatterguns drove the rear ranks into those ahead and so were driven deeper into the canyon . ghast smiled beneath his battle mask . it was a box canyon , with only one entrance . a massacre it was . newline newline the entrance sealed off with heavy blasters and lines of warriors , the rest of the ivrish troops crawled to the rim of the canyon to fire down at the helpless foe . the cries of pain and of surrender reached up to their ears . grenades were rolled down hill into the clumps of dying and pleading men . newline newline  pour it on ! give em tarlanore s quarter !  newline newline it was doubtful those being murdered would have recognized the name of a man nearly twenty years dead . newline newline mortars were brought up , the whumfp !  of the shells heralding their lethal payloads . flamethrowers scorched the foe into tighter and tighter clusters that grenadiers made beats on , that they could throw fragmentation grenades in the middle of those pockets of crying and bleeding men . hunting songs went up among the killers , bloody promises as to the doomed men s fates . newline newline thirty minutes later there were no sounds save for the birds and beasts feeding upon the bodies , the ivrish picking through the dead for anything of worth . tomess ghast paused to stare down at one body . the man was young , with a wedding band on his hand , its fingers clenched tight to something . prying the stiff fingers open he discovered it to be a miniature holoprojector , and he turned it on with a flick of his wrist . blazing to life was a small hologram about four inches tall , depicting the young soldier with his arms around an attractive woman . both motioned to someone of camera and a young child scampered into view and up into the woman s arms to face the recording unit . they were happy looking and healthy , not at all realizing what was to be fall their husband and father . ghast threw it as far as he could into the gloom with a frown , the noise scaring away a few carrion beasts . there was no point on feeling sorry for what had happened . at least the child still had a mother . that was more than the imperials left him .succubus was a term you had to look up online . having never been one to partake in the dark arts and mythological lore of demons and dragons you found it almost overwhelming . newline newline having determined her drastic problem you decide to to help , but how ? if she feeds on you , you ll likely die . feeds on another , and well , she s sleeping with another man to do it ... newline newline having reached no sustainable conclusion , you head to a local dive bar named  the hunt  . you ve read online that various items can be procured for a price . you walk in and ask for the  keeper   a small , round greasy , cigar bated , rum swilling , dirty little man climbs up on the barstool beside you and drops a business card into your hand . newline newline  2 woids  he says cigar still clenched between his teeth  poimanent solooshun  . newline newline then as he picks up his drink , he leaves only the smell of cheap tobacco and a feeling of dread inside  for as you read the card it says  1 life saved , 1 life taken , see me when you ve found the donor  . you ve just realized that he can save you re succubus  soul , but at the cost of another ... is one life worth more than another ? ... goddammit ,  he muttered as he slammed his front door shut behind him . he dreamt about it again . again . it had been going on for months , those dreams . then finally he had a week of peace without it , until it started again today . the dream was never the same , but it always had the same background tune . over and over and over again . then , as he almost thought of the name of the song , he would wake up and forget it all . newline maybe he should just give up on it . but as he thought that , a sharp pain went through his hart . he couldn  t give up . he had to keep going so that he wouldn  t fall apart . so he wouldn  t forget her . newline newline newline he breathed in deeply , trying to give himself energy , and started walking .  something with an l i  m sure of it ,  he said to himself . as his full concentration was focused on the pavement , pondering about the song , he didn  t notice a guy twice his size walking straight at him . with full force they walked into each other , bouncing him backwards . his armed mowed through the air as he tried to get a grip on something to keep him straight . then he felt the huge hands of the guy pulling him back up . slowly he looked up , and he started shaking as it dawned on him what a massive man it was . a plump , grim face looked down on him , and he could still feel his fingers gripping his arms tight .  ii  m sorry ,  he stuttered out .  i didn  t  ,  oh that  s alright !  the big guy interrupted him .  i didn  t see where i was going , sorry man ,  he apologized .  you steady there ?  newline newline newline that  s when he realized he was still shaking . he cleared his throat .  yeah i  m good , thanks mate.  and the man let go of his arms . relieved he took a step back and calmed himself with a few slow breaths .  alright ,  the big guy smiled at him after which he walked of , softly whistling . newline newline newline that made him freeze in place . that was it . that was the tune .  wait ,  he huffed out . in panic he turned around and started shouting after him .  wait !  his legs didn  t seem to move fast enough for him to catch up , they seemed to be too heavy .  wait !  he called out again . he then tripped over his feet and fell forward , but managed to catch himself with his hands before his head would touch the concrete .  wait  he whispered again , lying on the floor . as the last notes of the tune fade away , it suddenly came to him . he remembered the name of the song . tears started streaming down his face and sobbing he laid there , remembering the song . remembering her . everything finally came back to him as he at last remembered the song , little newline newline newline sweating and in full panic he shot straight up in his bed . panting he sat there as he felt the tears still dripping down his cheeks .  goddammit ,  he cried out when he let his face fall into his hands . newline alright , this is it ... i can do this  i say to myself over and over again as i gaze upon the vast city in front of me . i somehow summoned the courage to journey to the top of my apartment building to test out my little theory , which was based around one simple hypothesis : is it possible that i , a seemingly ordinary human being , can fly ? newline newline but i m getting ahead of myself here , so let me back up just a bit here . i decided that it might be a good idea to write down a log of my ... let s just call it a  journey  , for lack of a better term at this particular moment . after all , i am about to face certain death in the face of scientific discovery . in the spirit of keeping the people informed of my thought process , as it is very likely i will end up face down in the middle of 2nd street , it is probably in my best interest to offer some backstory here . newline newline first of all , i am absolutely terrified of heights . there is nt much to say on this topic other than to offer the insight that at age 6 , my drunk uncle dan decided that it would be a fine idea to lift me upside down by my ankles and dangle me over the side of the roof of the apartment building that my parents  cookout happened to take place on back in 89 . although he was able to get a good laugh out of the matter , my parents and i were less than thrilled , and my immediate family saw a hell of a lot less of uncle dan after that little incident . newline newline shit , my hand and brain already hurt from writing and remembering that story , so let s move on . newline newline fastforward to just a few days ago . on tuesday , something strange happened . i was being a good samaritan for a change , which is very unlike my selfish personality as those who are reading this and know me will most likely understand , to relieve a little bit of guilt that has been building up in this little thing called my entire fucking life , so i thought that it might be a fine idea to pull over to the side of the road to help out the little old lady who had a flat tire . newline newline upon inspecting the old woman s tire problem , i realized that the old bat had ran over several nails on the road and completely wrecked , not only one , but all four tired on her very ancient car . i was in the middle of telling her what had happened , when the rock beneath me gave out and i started to fall down the hill . newline newline now , this was nt a regular  oh he s going to be fine , it s just 10 feet  kind of hill , this was more like a  oh ... well that stupid shit is about to die  kind of hill . i mean , this sonofabitch must have dropped into hell itself , cause i definitely did nt see a bottom to it as i was tumbling down . newline newline normally , i would have given up all hope and accepted my fate , as i happen to be that kind of person that quits easily and leaves these sort of things up to cosmic beings that must have a better grasp on current events than i do , but today was different . right before i hit the ground , i shut my eyes and accepted that i was about to die , but i did nt . this , of course , was a very strange occurrence in my life and takes the cake for the number one strangest thing that has ever happened to me , even above that one time a cute girl actually came up to me at a bar and asked me if i wanted a drink , which was definitely out of the ordinary . newline newline i m definitely getting off track here , this journal is supposed to explain why the hell i am up on this roof in the first place , so back to the story . newline newline at the end of my fall , i found myself hovering eversoslightly above the ground . i m talking mere centimeters off the damn thing , but i was nt about to complain . i had survived a dangerous fall by miraculous means , but the question that has been plaguing my mind ever since was this :  do i possess the ability to fly ?  newline newline so , that s basically why i am up here today , i want to answer that question . since that day , i have tried flying in my apartment by myself . i was able to keep myself elevated off the ground for a short period of time , but not much else other than that . that is why i m here today , i want to see if pushing myself to the limits will give my body that extra push it needs to save me again . newline newline you might be thinking that this is an absolute foolish thing to do . you might be saying to yourself  why would this idiot even attempt this ? why risk his life ?  and i have one simple answer for you : if you thought you could fly , if there was even the slightest possibility that you could , would nt you want to give it a go ? i ca nt stand it anymore ! i create a wonderful painting of colors in the sky so those mortals have something beautiful to look at after heavy rains , but you know how they repay me ? they call me homosexual ! i was the one who created the rainbow , and i allowed the gay mortals of the world to use it as their symbol . i m not gay ! why does everyone think that i m gay ?  the god of rainbows asked zuess . newline newline  well , maybe if you would change out of that tiedye tank top and thong , and maybe lose that lisp of yours , maybe the mortals would think otherwise ,  zuess said .entry  16 51719 newline newline i hate my job . newline newline i ve been an office assistant for a power plant for the last 6 months . and before you ask , yes there is an office there . it s tiny . there s only 8 of us . i m contracted with this place for another three months , and i ca nt wait to get out of it . seeing the same , depressing people every day is taking its toll . why on earth would my temp agency get me this job ? there s nothing to do here ! it s the same arbitrary bullshit . check office supplies , order from staples . receive staples order , unload . rinse and repeat . i need something else . i m trying to be positive . today is wednesday . that means tomorrow is thursday , which means we are just one more day from friday . newline newline entry  17 51919 newline newline what a good friday . power was completely out in the office this morning so we had to come in late . they still do nt know what the problem is . what s weird is that some of the fluorescent lights in the back areas were busted . so my happy ass had to climb a ladder , unhinge the covers and replace them . we checked to see if there was any other lights like that . newline newline well i walk into one of the storage closets and i see a hole , behind this metal shelf that holds our coffee stock . for a second i thought it was mice or something but it was far too big . a mice hole is only a few inches wide , this thing could fit a cat in there . i got a flashlight to look into it but my superior called me over to bitch at me about the pens i ordered . i purchased recyclable pens and he wanted some fancy brand . screw you , arturo and your stupid pens . newline newline entry  18 52219 newline newline so before i started working here , there was a pet store about a mile south of us . between us and the pet store is a large wooded area and a small creek . now the back side of our plant filters down into a lake , which we fortunately take a lot of pride in . despite what you see in movies , power plants are very safe . anyways , this pet store caught fire , supposedly some crazy hippy released all the animals and lit it up . but , my superior said about two weeks after it happens , they started finding mice around the office . so that might explain the giant gaping hole in storage ! must be some ferocious little bastards because they did a number on it . maybe i can lure them with treats ? newline newline entry  19 52619 newline newline i have nt reported in several days because i ve been in the hospital . none of these idiots believe me but i know what i saw . damn thing almost killed me . newline newline i wanted to lure the supposed mice from storage . so i grabbed some cubed cheese from the place across the street and placed it in the storage room , on the floor , and propped the door open . i brought my laptop over from my cubicle and started hooking it up when i heard it . i could hear it shuffling around . now the storage is in the back right corner of the room , i was in the back left . so i m walking against the wall inching closer to the door . as i peek around the corner of the wall , the movement stops . i slowly turn into the closet and i see the largest , most ferocious ... rat thing i ve ever seen . it has these huge teeth , and it was standing on its hind legs . it was huge . and almost round . it s back was turned to me and it looked like it was listening . as soon as i laid my eyes on it i gasped . it turned around and lunged at me . did nt even hesitate . it tried to kill me . it knocked me over and i hit my head on an open office door and knocked myself unconscious . i woke up here . and no one believes me . newline newline i m gon na catch that rat . newline newline newline newlinejeffery awoke to the afternoon light streaming in through the window . another boring summer day , wasted on sleep . one more day to veg out , play games , eat junk food , and maybe get lucky at stealing another beer . dad had nt notice yet , but when he did , there d be hell to pay . newline newline jeffery rolled over and looked around . hawkstein newtyson was at his usual place at the window , contemplating the world , this time with a frown . he always looked a little odd . his features were an amalgamation of the four scientists he was named after , hawking , einstein , newton , and ndt . an amalgamation  was a mixture of many things into one . mrs. aberthen did nt think jeffery was paying attention during class . newline newline  i do not usually wish to demean educators , but i must truly say that i despised her class all last year .  hawkstein had the smooth voice of dr. tyson , but spoke in a manner jeffery imagined newton used .  i certainly hope junior english will be much more fascinating .  newline newline  do nt count on it .  jeffery sat up a rubbed his eyes . he saw breakfast  a half eaten bag of doritos  on the dresser across the room . he groaned , because going to get it meant having to walk , and that s not something a teenager should be required to do first thing when they wake up . newline newline  allow me .  hawkstein snatched the bag and tossed it on the bed next to jeffery . newline newline jeffery began snacking . he was grateful for a friend like hawkstein . the physicist had come to him at a dark moment some five years ago . the bullies were almost finished sprinting through puberty . jeffery was still wondering if puberty was ever going to come . add in the fact that home life was no better than today , and it was the perfect opportunity for an imaginary friend to pop into his life . science was his newline hobby , so naturally , it ended up like hawkstein ... newline newline jeffery was suddenly aware that hawkstein was staring at him , mouth agape . newline newline  what ?  jeffery popped another fistful . newline newline hawkstein closed and opened his mouth a few times . newline newline  hey , hawk , what s gotten into you ?  newline newline finally , hawkstein spoke ,  is ... is that a ... real bag of chips ?  newline newline  yeah , what s your ...  jeffery stopped . suddenly , everything clicked . there , on the bed next to him , was the half full bag of doritos . in his hands was an imaginary one . this was evidenced by the fact that it s was full , despite jeffery s attempts . stunned , jeffery slowly reached over and reached out for the real bag . his hand passed through it . wide eyed he looked at hawkstein . slowly , his friend made his way across the room , and picked up the bag . he withdrew a single chip , and crunched down . closing his eyes , a smile spread across his face as he savored the flavor . he turned to jeffery and staring straight at him , he uttered ,  it worked .  newline newline to be continued ... pigs . like i d tell them about the bat s death ,  the man grumbled as he walked away from the police officers . they d been crawling all over the city since batman was killed , along with his stray kids in costumes . everyone seemed on high alert . newline newline the man lit a cigarette as he walked down the alley . a woman leaning against the wall winked at him , drawing him over .  hey , toots . what s a girl like you doing in a hood like this ?  newline newline  oh , i m just looking for something . maybe you can help me find it ?  the woman sounded oddly familiar . and it looked like she was wearing a lot of makeup . it was hard to tell through the gloom . she was also wearing a hooded jacket . newline newline  it d be my pleasure . what are you looking for ?  newline newline  oh , just the guy who killed the bat . you know who did it ?  newline newline the man sighed .  you re with the cops , are nt you ? i already told you i do nt know , and i do nt care .  newline newline  oh , i think you should start caring .  that voice the man knew . everyone in gotham knew that voice . newline newline the man spun to face the joker , although wearing different makeup . the traditional red smile was gone , replaced with a frown , black teardrops painted below his eyes . his traditional vibrantly colored purple suit had been swapped out for a black and gray one , with a bowtie patterned with bats .  look , i just i do nt want any trouble .  newline newline  well , you ve managed to find it .  the joker spun a knife between his fingers .  i m already grieving over the death of my best friend , please do nt upset me more .  newline newline the man had been threatened by batman a few times before . one thing you could always count on the bat and his crew to never do was kill . they even had limits on how they d hurt you . gotham was full of stories about what the joker would do to you if he wanted something .  look , the whole city s full of stories . some say he was offed by deathstroke , or bane finally snapped him in two . hell , some people think he got caught on a bad day by a street tough looking to make a name . i do nt know what happened , honest !  newline newline the joker held his knife to the man s throat .  you would nt happen to be one of those toughs , would you ? hmm ?  he twisted the point , drawing a trickle of blood . newline newline  no way ! i just sell weed , that s all !  newline newline joker glanced at the woman . she shook her head .  well , harley is nt convinced . maybe i should start by showing you how i got my scars ...  newline newline  okay , okay ! there s some new guy in town . people call him nightmare .  he s got a cape , wears lots of black , a lot like the bat ! he strikes in a different place every night , no pattern , no nothing ! they say he s going to go for batman s sidekicks next ! that s all i know , i swear to god !  newline newline  swear to me , and i might believe that a drug pusher knows so much about some new thug .  newline newline  i swear to you ! i ll swear to anybody you want me to ! it s just the word going around !  newline newline joker smiled and let the man go .  well , that s a start . thank you for being so forthcoming . harley , will you do the honors ?  newline newline the last thing the man felt was something hitting him in the head . newline newline  newline newline  so , where to next , puddin  ?  harley asked , sliding into the car next to the joker . she started the car up . newline newline  i think our dear friend mr. cobblepot should be next on our list . it sounds to me like he s been holding out on us .  newline newline  you got it .  harley started to drive .  hey , i got a question .  newline newline  yes ?  newline newline  how come you re so set on finding this guy ? i thought you d be happy batbrain s dead .  newline newline joker sighed .  i wanted to kill him my way , finally put a smile on that grim face of his . now i ll never have that chance . i ll never again get to put out a fifty million dollar hit on him and see how many come to get it , never again kidnap the comssioner and run him through my own little funhouse , or anything !  joker s fists clenched .  if this newbie thinks he can just walk into my town and kill my best friend , he s got another thing coming ! when i get my hands on him , i ll ... i ll ... oh , i m so angry i do nt even know what i ll do !  he slumped , arms crossed , stewing . newline newline  well do nt you worry , puddin  , i ll be right by your side the whole time .  newline newline joker softened and kissed harley s cheek .  aw , that s sweet of you . say , i m hungry . do you want pizza ? i want pizza . with a slash of steel , i drew the beast s blood , staining the sword and the scattered treasures below . the dragon fell at last , gasping at shortened breaths . newline newline  any final words , foul dragon scum ?  newline newline  ... oh sir knight ... with my dying words ... i  newline newline  yes ?  newline newline  i wish thou present for my funeral ...  newline newline   newline newline  thou ... hast killed him .  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  enough . thou shall move no further , to allow my family peaceful mourning .  newline newline  very well .  newline newline   newline newline  does thou have a son ?  newline newline  by the blessing of god , soon . within a fortnight  newline newline  how would thou feel , if thou son were to be slain , and their slayer had gall to show face at thine son s funeral ?  newline newline  it was not my decision , your son had asked of me .  newline newline   newline newline  i wish to rip thine head off .  newline newline  as do i .  newline newline  however this is a time to withhold violence  newline newline  and let grudges lie in respect for the departed .  newline newline   newline newline  why did thou slay my only son ?  newline newline  your son , he had captured my wife , stolen a tower , and brought terror to the land .  newline newline  and does not man perform the same to the wilderness ?  newline newline  we act in kind .  newline newline   newline newline  i plan to one day seek retribution on thou and thine family .  newline newline  and upon that , my family shall strike back in vengeance .  newline newline  that would doom us both to a cycle , like night and day .  newline newline  that it would .  newline newline   newline newline  why did your son request my presence ?  newline newline  ... in many ways , he loved humans . he empathized with them .  newline newline  really ?  newline newline  his obsession drove him towards your countries and castles , did it not ?  newline newline   newline newline  and so my wife ... ?  newline newline  he had fancied her .  newline newline  a dragon ?  newline newline  i had shared that same surprise .  newline newline   newline newline  would you ever forgive me ?  newline newline  ... truthfully ... no . i shall always bear this hatred .  newline newline  would you swallow that hatred , to honour your son s wishes ?  newline newline  ... i woke up later than i usually do . the only thing i remember from last night was the good night  kiss that we shared . feeling dull and groggy in the morning is not really me but i pulled myself up and got ready to pick my girlfriend up and have a fun day . would a striped shirt and a jean do ? i thought to myself . probably . that was my favorite shirt too . her s as well . newline newline it took me about 10 minutes to finish dressing up before i headed to my car and started driving . it felt awfully quiet in the morning and the roads were deserted . i wondered why . when i reached her home , the front door was open . a pang of anxiety hit my stomach . my heart dropped . i haphazardly parked my car and ran inside like a mad man .  sophie !  i shouted a couple of times . a string of curse words escaped my mouth as my heart raced . nobody was home . i came out  sweating and breathing heavily soaking through my shirt . i leaned back on the hood of my car when my phone rang . it rang loud and shrill . i took it out of my pocket and saw the number : private . in the heat of the moment , i let it ring a couple more times . it stopped by itself but i could hear the sound repeat in my head . i bent my head and tried to calm myself when i felt something warm and viscous run down my shoulder . a hand grabbed me roughly and tried to turn me around . that was when he tried to bite me .sprinting was never ada s strong suit . in fact , her primary school running coach had always said that she would never break a seven second 40 meter dash . despite this , as she felt bullets whizzing past her head , her dead sprint across the dried up rio grande would later be clocked at a breathtaking 2.5 seconds . newline newline granted , biomechanical augmentations provided for a somewhat unfair advantage in ada s favor , but who s keeping track when half of the world was locked in a perpetual state of turmoil ? newline newline after the pan asian coalition had begun its conquest of europe in the early sixties following the korean nuclear catastrophe , it had turned it burning gaze towards the rising sun , settling upon north america . ada s mission had been to reconoiter the newly reinforced border on the mexican side , but had met resistance during her exfil when a little boy had taken interest in a shiny servo poking through her tattered cloak . bolstered by pac soldiers , the mexican forces had quickly discovered her presence after the slipup , and had outed her as a national security force agent . newline newline as she completed her final bound up the charred banks of the rio grande , automated defences hidden in the sand whirred to life , spraying a fusillade of fire and brimstone in the direction of the pac gunfire , effectively silencing it . once safely behind nsf lines , ada called up comms on her hud . newline newline  chief , we ve got an issue .  newline newline  you ve spoiled my dinner , commander . you d better have a damn good reason ,  came the gruff reply . newline newline in lieu of a verbal joust , ada elected to go for the  shock and awe  approach . without saying a word , she pulled up a short video taken during her time across the border and forwarded it on to her commanding officer . newline newline over the next several minutes , ada could make out several audible sharp breath intakes as her co witnessed what she had seen . immediately after the video had ended , the connection snapped off without any kind of farewell . newline newline it was going to be a painfully long winter .harold moved slowly across the forest floor , leaves craven in his eastern gait . by the wear of his rolex and new hiking gear , he imposed a polished and urbane look . from hindsight he stood as an enormous shadow , his tan , healthy skin reflecting an opaque being . newline newline in his sight was another man , one not too tall  he was surely a common , middle class work man  who had on a large hiking pack and some easytomiss clothes . he showed a countenance that was enticing , confident , even loving , and was layered with tan , healthy skin , likewise to his unknown counterpart . newline newline when the man turned around , harold took none effort to be known , newline  howdy !  said the man , a wild grin just forming . newline  greetings ,  harold said as he stepped closer towards the man , the crevices of the canopy illuminating his stolid face . newline newline edit : apparently my android does nt know how to space dialogue  neither do i haha i sit here , daily , wondering why i am the only one that ca nt tell my left from my right . i mean hell ! every time i try to explain directions , someone comes back furious with me ! maybe i just think too fast . but , who does nt ? so many things to deal with . bills , food , children ... and what the hell will i do tomorrow ? it s my day off , i am so excited , and it s a saturday ! i have nt had a day off in close to 3 months . these hours have been gnawing at my sanity . newline newline yesterday , when i was carrying groceries out for an old lady , she asked while looking at my name tag ,  how old are you , anthony ?  . i almost slapped her . i do nt even know why . she was so sincere . i m telling you , sometimes i just feel like i need to sit down and taste a good meal . i just never get the damn chance . tomorrow will be my day to do just that . newline it was coming dangerously close to the end of my shift . that time of the schedule when you are so close to clocking out , that all you can think of is just that . in result , you end up slacking off . not that i do nt slack off . i have quite the uncanny ability to do that very thing . newline newline i work at a local grocery store . typical . lots of this . lots of that . i prefer being cashier or bagging groceries . lots of interaction with people in that area . i always get a kick out of the different kinds of people that come into the store . most of them are very angry . all of them seem very old . well , they look very old . they do nt act it . the things a lot of them are into throws me off . current fashion , music , the way they talk . it s almost like they are trapped in the wrong body . i certainly love conversation with them . newline newline one time , this old man was very annoyed . i just could nt figure out why . the cashier finished checking him out and i helped him to his car , carrying his bag for him . i could see bumper stickers for left over beauty , a local indie group . i was at their last concert , and it was great . he looked at me and said  their last show was amazing . i never moved so much in my life .  i gave him a funny look . then he said ,  you ll die too .  , got in his car and drove away . newline newline as he drove away i felt my stomach turn slightly and my vision seemed to blur momentarily . i had some chinese for my lunch break , and i felt it coming . i ran to the bathroom and puked . it came up in full chunks , gross . i cleaned up and went back to work . there was no sense in leaving since i did nt feel sick . ... i never did recall seeing that old man at the show . newline newline those crazy things happened all the time . it s why i love this job . but , i am gon na destroy tomorrow . and it is 8:25 pm . i clock out in 5 minutes . this is about that time i start walking around straightening bags and what not . mostly just to make it look like i am doing something . then i go clock out . which , i just did ! newline newline this is crazy , i have a bottle of kraken at home , plenty of food , plenty of comfort space . this is it , i m heading home now and i ll be back to my daily routine on sunday ! newline newline                                    newline newline march 16 , 2047 newline newline anthony thompson newline newline d.o.b .  : 872022 newline newline height : 59  newline newline weight : 95 lbs newline newline ethnicity : caucasian newline newline cause of death : natural , accelerated aging resulting from thanatopsis . newline newline details : the deceased was found in a lawn chair . there was a bottle of rum on the ground along with a paper plate . he was found shirtless in swimming shorts . the body was aged , as in most cases . no sign of struggle . newline newline time of death : march 16 , 2047  15:35 pmso often i find myself at a loss for words . i m the kind of person who , when faced with silence , knows what he should say but never how to say it . it s different with her . i ca nt spend a minute and think of something to say  it must be words spoken from the very bottom of my soul . i think that s part of my connection with her . with her , i can not put on the mask and charade that i have grown so fond of using . she sees the real me , i can feel it through those precious moments  those cracks in my consciousness when my mind is clear and all that is left is love and the purest form of my existence free from selfdoubt , fear , anger . she sees right through all my worry , all my barriers i have spent my whole life building to protect my consciousness . she sees the fleeting moments of my actual self . slowly , i know she will pull my psyche from the barbed wire and ashen rubble that it has been sieged into . slowly , the true essence of myself will have no choice but to be the totality of my body . and i will owe it all to the piercing blue eyes that shoot straight through me like a comet burning through the universe .randy tapped his knuckles twice on the wooden surface of the bar . he caught the bartender s eye and held up two fingers . after receiving a nod form the man , randy turned his head to look around at the bar . he d seen it a million times , but the space between no drinks and having drinks brought to him was the worst . he never knew what to do . newline newline he saw a woman across the bar , laughing with her friends , wearing a pink dress . he d seen her before . if only he had the stomach to just talk to her . newline newline the bartender set two shot cups in front of randy and walked away . the short fat man looked at the cups , frowning . they were both a bit short of a full shot . he decided to call the bartender out on it , it was nt the first time . newline newline  hey bud .  newline newline the bartender kept cleaning the imaginary stains on the shelfs holding the drinks . newline newline  hey !  randy yelled , drawing glances from half the bar . good , they should see the bartender get shown up . shortchanging his most prominent customer , he deserved it . the bartender turned around and froze in place . newline newline  your ...  he stammered . newline newline  my ... my ?  randy mocked him .  what , do you mean my shots ? cause i can hardly see the damn things !  randy knew the entire bar was watching him now , but he did nt know why . people yelled all the time . he turned to the men watching him and noticed the look of fear on their faces . newline newline  what ?  he said , emotionlessly .  what the fuck are you all looking at ?  newline newline every eye turned away from him at once . randy got off his stool and started walking to the bartender . he passed by a mirror and froze in place . newline newline  what the ...  he looked at his reflection in awe . his eyes were red , dark as blood . he saw steam coming off his shoulders . he turned back to the bartender , relishing in the fact that the man cowered away . randy did nt know what was happening , but damn he liked it . newline newline  you re gon na wan na pour me two real shots .  the bartender hurriedly obeyed , pouring two more cups and placing them next to the first two . strange , they were all full . randy smiled at the service and looked to the mirror again . no , he did nt know what was happening , but he liked it . newline newline randy turned to the group of nearby girls and gave the one in pink a smile . she was rooted to the ground , actually rooted to the ground , her feet were tied by red vines .  you re looking good .  newline newline she shivered , making randy bask in the moment . he never felt this way before , it did nt even feel like him anymore . he approached the girl , taking slow measured steps . he was aware of every eye on him again . time to make a statement . he put his hands on the woman , rubbing her hips and going up to her breasts . newline newline  randy , what are you doing man ?  newline newline randy turned around , furious at the interruption . newline newline  my name is nt randy . i m paimon , loyal servant to lucifer .  he turned around , addressing the bar .  everyone who wants to live , leave now .  his hand went back to the woman , savoring the fear in her recoil .  except you ... dale  i think i m so great  wenthouser lined up the shot carefully , taking several practice swings just above the small , white golf ball . his eyes were fixed on the far distance , because apparently a county trophy for something that is nt even a real sport is ohsofuckingimportant . newline newline his  weirdly gangly  arms swept down and round , and there was a sharp click as the the club connected with the ball perfectly , sending it rocketing off towards the far green . because of course it connected perfectly , because dale is everyone s most precious favourite who s really sensitive and talented . newline newline dale shot a quick glance to his left , grinning at his longtime girlfriend cindy before beginning the walk to the green . they d been going steady for four years now . cindy was a pleasant , attractive girl , save for her awful disability : blindness . because you d have to be blind to think that a lanky fuckwit like dale was worth dating . newline newline dale walked slowly across the course , partly because of his clumsy spadelike feet , but also because he was helping his grandmother , a frail woman who apparently had terrible genes , to walk on the uneven ground . his face wore a smug smile , as if to say  look how selfless i am , helping an old lady .  except no one even cared because how fucking transparent can you get ? he was probably just hoping for an inheritance . newline newline the pristine white ball , tainted only by association with america s biggest douchebag , rested only a metre or so from the green . dale was one hit away from winning a meaningless stupid trophy that no one else would even ever want . newline newline before taking the shot , dale shared a quiet moment with his longtime friend and mentor , the crippled exgolf pro alvin waters . they had met when dale had offered to help the wheelchairbound man carry his groceries , and a friendship had blossomed between them . perhaps they had become such good friends because , unable to walk , alvin was the only person not able to escape the stultifying boredom of dale s conversation . newline newline over the years , alvin had trained and mentored dale , developing his super important skill of hitting a midget football with a weird stick . dale had needed no help with his other major skill , being a dillweed . dale could do that one on his own . he could also have taught lessons in  looking like a retarded goat  . he was good at that too . newline newline as dale lined up the shot carefully , his mother stood to one sides , her clasped hands betraying her tension . gloria wenthouser was an anomaly , a woman who was far too attractive to share genes with a gagworthy munter like dale . newline newline a breathless hush fell over the small , but far too large for something so dull , crowd . everyone waited with bated breath , like they d been taken in by the prettyboy s girning , like the sheep they were . a small , almost inaudible  tap  , and the ball slid across the green and into the hole . newline newline dale did nt even have the decency to celebrate his victory . like a poorlypainted robot from taiwan , he displayed no emotion . he did nt whoop or cheer , he just smiled a little and turned to shake hands with his opponent  the indisputably more talented richard carter . the two hugged , though how anyone could bear to touch greasy dale twathouser escapes me . newline newline it was over . dale was the county champion , though that does nt really mean much for a sport that like , three people have played , ever . he was handed a heavy gold cup by the mayor , the same mayor who , three weeks earlier , had pinned upon dale the  medal of courage  , also known as  i saved a kitten from a house fire i m such a hero everyone look at me and be really really impressed  award for being a dickhead . anyone could have saved those kittens , dale was nt special . in the right place at the right time , really , though the actual right place for dale was probably under a bus . newline newline dale wenthouser was the county champion . it was lame and stupid and nobody cared . newline newline                        newline newline i now have one of those  fancy writing subreddits   https : reddit.comrperitract  that everyone keeps talking about . subscribe to keep updated on things i write and validate my ego .the number one rule of being a herald is to always , always carry a small emp . you should nt need it , but it s not worth fucking around with . i ve set off two in my 6 year career and both times i was up shit creek like you ve never seen before . they are a pain in the ass because they will render nearly all your tools useless and you have to use some silly grappling hook system and escape like a corny 1950 s supervillian but hell , embarrassed is better than dead . newline newline rule number two , know your glitch zones . in a city like new york , you ve got plenty between large government buildings , corporations with overzealous security systems , and dipshit netichackers with their experiments gone awry . once your message has been recieved , you will always need to run . newline the official glitch zones appear in dark alleys behind buildings where important people might hop into their cars . the government got tired of important emissaries getting attacked by jacked up assassin s that seemed virtually impervious to all defensive techniques that they put in these zones . only very specific serial codes can walk freely in these alleys , anyone else drops like a ragdoll once they round the corner . this system was later adopted as a security measure to prevent anyone without a proper serial number from entering a workplace that might have sensitive information . thanks to these new security measures , many doors are left unlocked . this means all you have to do is open a door and anyone in a 20 foot radius gets knocked out cold and is left lifeless while they endure the pain of a forced reboot . newline the nerdy kid glitch zones are tougher , slightly less predictable but it s worth testing them occasionally to ensure that they are still there  it s never good to run aimlessly and you re never sure where heralding might take you . one of the oldest and largest ones used to be in washington square , and when things were less regulated , it was somewhat easy to brush just inside of of it and watch an angry mob drop to the ground and writhe in pain . but now it is a highly monitored zone due to the laws that now dictate that all citizens must at leas have basic modifications provided by the state  occasionally you ll see homeless men wander in , only to be promptly escorted to an implantation facility . i ve heard that the 17 year old twerp that created it was trying to reboot his friend by burying it , setting it on a remote timer , and convincing his friend to sit on top of it , but it was too powerful and now nobody can seem to dig it out . although sometimes i think the government secretly loves his accidental act of neticterroroism because now they can identify nonmodders so easily . newline newline rule number 3 ... know your glitch zones ... if you get caught unmodded , your career is over and in my case , you die . it s not like i did nt try to get modded , i can from a middle class family and everyone was doing it . i wanted one of those eye mods that allowed you to download tutorials and show you how to fight or measure a cup of flour just by sight . my parents decided that it would make a mighty fine 14th birthday present . newline i lost my left eye that day . newline as it turns out , my body rejects all implants . luckily at the time , mods were still considered a slight frivolity , so i was nt sent to one of those special camps for the unmoddable . after my birthday i had a series of tests done , my left arm now has multiple chunks out of it from all the tests and the muscles are weak . but luckily physical weakness can be overcome with intellegence and guile . newline when mandatory mods came into effect when i was 18 , the world started to became a terrifying place . i was finishing up my last days in high school and i was on a date when some schwarzeneggermodwannabe cornered me and my date and tried to mug us . like the coward i am , i ran . newline i found one of those accidental glitch zones and the man dropped , but apparently managed to plaster my picture all over some bulletin identifying me as a nonmod just before his reboot . that shithead got a reward for reporting me , while i got hounded by the cops . luckily the glitch zone device had a number on it , i got in contact with those nerds and they housed me for 3 months saying they had a guy what would want to meet me . they gave me a device to sew into my clothes to give of a modded signal that made me scan into any system and buzzed to warn me if i entered a zone where i would need to pretend to reboot to avoid being caught . newline every time i went outside , i saw pictures of me flash on wanted signs and i was frequently stopped and scanned , each time i held my breath , and each time i passed . after 2 months my picture was no longer plastered eveywhere and it was assumed i was dead , one month later , the editor came and recited me to the heralds . newline my job was simple , remember the things that had been wiped from everyone that was modded  a frequent occurrence  and remind people . at first this just meant whispering on dark corners to those who needed to remember , but quickly it became a game of extortion . reminding people who did remember that there were others out there who knew of their very public atrocities and that we would need cash to stay silent . what they did nt realize was that they were funding their eventual demise . that us heralds have been keeping this information and handing it off to the editor and soon we will be implanting these memories , soon we will reverse all that they have done to our people . soon i will be able to see parents again and let them know that i m a hero ... not a coward .what can i say . the aliens showed up and everyone pretty much lost their collective minds at the same time . our initial weapons rush just got knocked out of the skies . our infrastructure collapsed inside of an hour with their targeted emp pulse weapons . newline newline they said we could have a second chance . they would be back in a hundred years . what was left of the rest of us at the time , lost the rest of our collective minds for a bit longer . all the rules and boundaries went out the window . the extremists had a short field day . then the rest of us calmed back down . then we collectively became angry . humans at best are usually sociable and polite , but we are very poor losers . newline newline well it took a couple of years to get setup again . not the entire infrastructure had collapsed , just a good part of all the electrical , oil , and natural gas distribution . but it had been enough to shut down the rest for awhile . we lost quite a few electrical generators and some nuclear power plants . no fukushima s and no chernobyl s . staff had been quick on hand and go the rods down manually . we lost some staff to radiation though . we honor them still to this day . newline newline one world coalition is what we came up . terram novam . a couple of years of back and forth , a lot of sharing and a lot heavy lifting . then we did what we did best . make things better and worse . well for awhile at least . the eggheads were given almost free reign . you will need to take a tour of the back side of the moon one day . smiley face and all . newline newline now , you really need to understand a couple of things . during the chaos that was the first decade , some little fcker managed to program a little interface between watson , siri , and google . they also tapped into some of the back ends from china , russia , usa , and a couple of united europe nations . sorry , back ends . definition : the computer networks , the super computers and clusters that were connected by old earth governments . well it had an unindented effect . the programmer started getting them to talk to each other , the programmer stirred a little , and then they started learning on their own quietly . you must understand , old rivalries die hard even under threat of aliens , and fiedoms do nt get given up easily . newline newline the eggheads . given an unmuzzled free reign came up with weapon after weapon , theory after theory , and down the rabbit hole we all went . unbridled leaps in every field imaginable and new ones became born every 3 months . one of them was practical ftl travel . the next was multipler ftl travel . we could jusmp to alpha centari in just under a month . it wound up being called iftl , inverted faster than light travel . a bubble within a bubble , without the very worst of the aging effects . newline newline then we come to zga . zga was a 14 year old unknown genius . she took a phone camera , a piece of chaulk , and spent three hours going through hawkin s black hole theory , crossed over to einsteinrosen bridge , and the new ftl flight theories . then posted it to the new utube . it did nt get a lot of press or views at first . but an ai took an interest and forwarded it to some eggheads with direct questions . zga did end her video with ,  this is how it is supposed to work at least , but i just do nt know about the practical side .  well most of the eggheads looked at it and scoffed at the idea . one did nt . matt . matt went through the entire video 4 times and then wrote it out on paper twice . the math was correct with no holes . matt and zga were published in iscience after careful reviews , but the math still held up . then her video became more popular . newline newline the question from wsg to the eggheads was ,  how do you move an entire solar system ?  the theory was sound , but the  ... not sure about the practical side  took a lot more effort . 5 years of heavy work and more theories , testing , building , moving , and more testing . when it was all done , sol had one less planet . we offically were an 8 planet system . pluto took one for the team . newline newline we still built our weapons , our ships , and had our backup plans . another 5 years of building and moving . ceres was mined out along with 75  of the asteriod belt , jupiter had a lot less gas , mars used to be red , and venus did nt glow as bright in the dark at night . everything was in place . then we waited , planned , revised , and practiced elsewhere . poor pluto , it did nt just take one for the team . it kept taking it for the team . newline newline at year 90  ish ?  , we sent our message to them to come to us , we were tired of waiting . we politely asked for their surrender and for no further aggression from either of us . they sent an ambassador to simply say no . we disabled their drive and weapons and had them sit in orbit . newline newline now class heriftl was implemented that day . we popped our solar system out of place and onto another galaxial spiral arm . we left in place the sol black hole . 2 days later operation smushem went into effect . you must understand we then popped the aliens solar system onto the edge of sbh1 and then pointed it back to it s original reference point , abh1 . well a little to the side at least . the alien s solar system would be continuously shot back through a continuouse black hole system . on a positive foot note , pluto was added to the alien solar system just last week , we believe we might get the alien homeworld and pluto to colide sometime in the next 50 cycles or so . humans , we do nt like to lose . newline newline thank you for attending today s watsonsirigoogle interact virtual history class . please come see us again . newline this wp inspired me to write a song . the lyrics are below  if you wish to hear it , go  here   http : clyp.itdfq00fgm  . i m also submitting this to the  5090 songwriting project   http : fiftyninety.fawmers.org  , which i highly encourage musicians of all types to check out .  newline newline to snooze newline newline i bought a new clock newline newline with a magic mode : newline newline when i hit snooze , newline newline it s like time froze . newline newline that s why you re still dreaming next to me . newline newline i ve kept you here , so i can hear you breathe . newline newline baby , let s wait to wake to the world . newline newline i just want ten more minutes with my girl . newline newline my new alarm newline newline wakes all things . newline newline time stands still newline newline until it sings . newline newline that s why your eyes remain closed . newline newline the sands in the hourglass do nt flow . newline newline chorus newline newline i used to snooze to put off what i dread . newline newline now i snooze to keep you here in bed . newline newline chorusi will never forget how she first explained it . newline newline  it s really purply and really pretty !  she proclaimed , unaware of anything other than what her eyes were fixed upon . a lily . newline newline it was a purplish hue , not unlike the sun soaked purple petals of a lily in spring . lily s were her favorite flower  a mantra of hers that was never repeated enough .  my name is lily ,  she d proudly proclaim in response to somebody s asking as if the words could nt escape her mouth quick enough .  my name is lily and this is my lily ... and i want you to have it !  she d force the three legged violet vessel into your hand with a delicate and hurried push , as if she had somewhere to be  somebody else to indulge in her own little secret . newline newline her name was lily and she loved lilies . newline newline i tried to find as many as i could after she died . purple , white , green , yellow . the colors were never enough . they stood vibrantly dull against the stonewashed slab of concrete that attempted to encapsulate her memory  a cold , coping drop of color swirled in the sea of tears that surrounded it . newline newline the tears could not give this lily life . newline newline as the saying begins , every person sees the world in a unique way . lily saw it through flowers . i saw it through her . when she died , it was as if all the lilies in the world wilted , unable to sustain their life without their lilywhite lover . newline newline as the saying finishes , when the uniqueness is gone and someone dies , it is , in a way , the death of an entire world . newline newline i learned , however , that the somber saying represented only a half truth that nobody wanted to admit . one that i wish i could have ignored . she was my daughter , and she was five years old when she died . newline newline what they did nt mention was that , when she died it was , in a way , not the death of one entire world , but two . and so as i raised the frigid steel to my lilylivered head , i hoped , if only for a second , that when we died , life did not fade to black  that instead , it faded to purple . help ! somebody help !  the woman screamed as the bigger female pinned her down on the ground .  oh , do nt worry , kitty .  she snarled  it will all be over soon .  she slobbered with anticipation at the helpless female beneath her . her nightly ritual interrupted by a shout from the rooftops . newline newline newline  hold it right there , you foul canine !  the small shadow said , his eyes glinting in the night sky . the shadow glided fluidly down the alley s wall , somersaulting down in front of the bulldog .  why do nt you pick on someone your size ?  newline newline newline  you ai nt my size !  she roared , brushing the cat under her aside as she charged . the black cat jumped and landed on her head , making her bark loudly in rage .  who the fuck are you ! ?  the dog shook her head vigorously . newline newline newline  i m the goddamn mancat ! the man was found by a hunting group . he was lying unconscious and unclothed by the bank of the great river . newline newline the hunters carried him back to their village . he was cared for there . though he had but few waking moments in the first days and seemed confused during these , he was fed soup and water . his cheeks , which had been as pale as snow , gained a rosy colour . this was a source of amusement to the people of the tribe as their dark skin rarely became so red . newline newline after about a week the man regained full consciousness . in the following days  and with difficulty  he communicated with the tribe . he said he was from a land across the seas called spain . he said also that he was anxious to try and return to his own people , who had only recently arrived on these alien shores . newline newline the man , however , did not get his wish . his condition , which had initially been so promising , declined suddenly . he began to sneeze frequently , and his breathing became as wheezy as an old bellows . he died on the third day of this illness . the tribesmen laid his body on a raft and consigned it to the great river . at this ceremony one of the elders who had cared for the stranger was herself seen to be sneezing . she died a number of days later . the illness which the spaniard had carried spread rapidly from there . the tribe , which had numbered almost 200 , was all but wiped out within a month .newline narrator :  witch court ! where all legal disputes are brought in the circle , and presented to your faaavorite dark mediator , grand lord severn !  newline newline audience stands and applauds politely and softly newline newline marshal :  here ye , here ye , ye denizens of the night ! grand lord severn presiding !  newline newline grand lord severn emerges from the shadows to enter the circle and take his place at the judging stump newline newline lord severn :  thank you all for coming this night . audience , please be seated .  newline newline audience does so on wooden , handcrafted short benches newline newline lord severn :  let s see ...  newline newline severn flips open the book of chaos and order , the black leather backing crinkling for a moment , then looks over his bifocals at the plaintiff and defendant standing in the light of the bonfire newline newline lord severn :  we have come together this night to hear the case of the plaintiff , mrs. sandorhal , and the defendant , mrs . hearst .  newline newline severn looks over both of the witches newline newline lord severn :  did i get your names right ?  newline newline plaintiff and defendant nod newline newline lord severn :  good .  newline newline severn looks down at the book , reading newline newline lord severn :  so , by the information provided before this proceeding to me , i understand you two have yourselves quite the novel predicament . plaintiff ?  newline newline plaintiff clears her wartspotted throat newline newline plaintiff sandorhal :  yes , your lordship . you see , i was promised a firstborn first , and   newline newline defendant hearst :  lies !  newline newline severn eyes defendant newline newline lord severn :  it would please the circle if you would not interrupt and wait your turn , mrs . hearst .  newline newline defendant hearst :  i m sorry , your lordship , but this witch   newline newline severn pounds the judging stump s side with a rock three times newline newline lord severn :  order , please , mrs. hearst . the circle must run on order , at least , in our dark community .  newline newline severn looks back at plaintiff newline newline lord severn :  please , continue , mrs. sandorhal . what was it you were about to say ?  newline newline plaintiff sandorhal :  your lordship , i was promised the firstborn of the maene couple .  newline newline lord severn :  seems a simple matter of establishing first oath , then ?  newline newline defendant and plaintiff look at each other uncomfortably newline newline defendant hearst :  your lordship , may i elaborate ? for it is not that simple , i m afraid ...  newline newline severn raises a brow newline newline lord severn :  oh ? an extra factor ?  newline newline defendant reluctantly nods assent newline newline defendant hearst :  you see , your lordship ... i was promised by the former miss dolores underage her firstborn .  newline newline lord severn :  that is the wife ?  newline newline defendant hearst :  yes , your lordship . i   newline newline severn holds up a hand to forestall defendant , and turns to plaintiff newline newline lord severn :  mrs. sandorhal , pray tell , which party of the newly formed maene couple promised you their first born ?  newline newline plaintiff sandorhal :  mr. samuel maene .  newline newline audience gasp , murmurs to themselves newline newline lord severn :  oh dear .  newline newline camera pulls away newline newline announcer :  a truly shocking twist tonight ... in witch court ! please stay tuned for the continuation of grand lord severn s rein over the circle . the king looked at his daughter as she stood defiant in the face of his wrath . never before had he seen such strength nor courage and it moved his heart of stone . newline newline  you truly love this stableboy , do you not , daughter ?  newline newline  indeed , father ,  she replied , her hand gripping that of the lowly man who had stolen her heart and taken her innocence in a fit of passion a fortnight ago .  i have followed my heart to where it led and now i know true happiness for the first time since the death of mother .  newline newline at the mention of his deceased wife , the icy shell around the kings heart shattered .  very well , daughter . if love is what you wish then love is what you shall have . you and devon have my blessing , i shall tell prince reddwin this marriage is cancelled and you and your love shall be wed in a fortnight .  newline newline and so it was . newline newline newline elsewhere ...  newline newline newline the young king angbar stared into the eyes of his wife to be but felt no love . not like he felt for his squire william . fair william , who also loved him dearly as their secret embraces stood testament to . as the priest droned on about love , angbar could resist his heart no longer . newline newline  stop the wedding !  he yelled . a silence fell over the church so deeply a pin could drop .  i can not abide by this farce , for my heart belongs to another . too long have i lied about who i am and where my heart finds it s home . i can not love anyone but that whom i yearn for .  newline newline the future queen looked taken aback as angbar turned to william .  you are the one i love ,  he replied as he took william into his embrace and kissed him deeply . the two ran from the church , hand in hand and leapt into the awaiting carriage which carried them into the sunset and towards their joyous future lives together . newline newline newline atop the frozen edge of the great mountains newline newline newline the seer let out a stream of curses like none other . this damnable love ! for the fourth time this season it had interfered with the fates . the books were written , the plan was set but how were the saviors of the world supposed to be born if their intended parents were nt fucking ? the prince of lunvard had run off with a scullery maid instead of the arabian queen he was supposed to wed not to mention the duchess of devonshire who had determined she did nt need a man for her happiness . the great death was descending and there would be no grand warrior to stop it this time . newline newline newline in the kingdom of istania newline newline newline princess luticia stared nervously at the young man who helped her from her horse . her clothes were wet from the rain and clung to her body , outlining her curves . the rain also soaked through the man s shirt , causing the muscles to bulge prominently underneath . she had never felt her heart race so quickly . newline newline  would you like to come into my cabin ?  he asked of her ,  a storm such as this is no place for a lady such as you to be riding in .  newline newline  i would be most grateful ,  the princess replied . newline newline the man s name was samuel and as she sat by the fire of his lonely cabin , she shivered though from the cold or her nerves she did not know . newline newline  you look cold , my lady , perhaps we should remove those damp clothes so that you may  newline newline the man was interrupted by a loud pounding at the door . newline newline  who slams upon my door ?  samuel yelled , angered by the interruption of his seduction . newline newline an old man burst in . where the rain had made the two hormonal lovebirds attractive , it only served to make the old man look like a dying rat . he had a look of menace in his eyes , but that was hidden behind a more intense look of general sense of being really pissed off . newline newline  i m the great seer and you re not part of this story  he growled at samuel . he grabbed the princess by the arm ,  now let s get you to the duke . and for fuck s sake , if you re cold just grab a blanket next time . if you looked hard you could see a sense of longing in her eyes . cold and shimmering like moonlight on a lake , it mesmerized me . i went to hell and back with her , but now i ca nt say a word . i moved my hands behind her head , it was like parting a silk screen that absorbed my rough hands and light as well . souvenirs from our adventures were clear and present on her face and hands , memories of battles won and friends lost . newline newline i could see the longing in her eyes , i just wanted to whisk her away to where we could lie . the raven of the battlefield , my love .keys jingle , footsteps echo , the door opens . she s home . i look up at her and see pearls on her eyelashes and a rosy hue on her cheeks . i wonder why she looks unhappy ?  newline newline she dumps her bag on the cupboard and lands herself on the sofa , wiping away her tears , which keep coming more feverishly now . newline newline  i ca nt believe they did this do me ,  she whispers , voice shaking .  how could they ?  she sniffles , eyes puffy and red from sadness . her hand reaches for the paper towel on the table , clenches , and brings it back to her nose . newline newline maybe if i went by her side , she would calm down .  newline newline i settled down next to her and soon my eyes found hers . tears fell on the sofa .  i just do nt know what to do any more ,  she said , looked away and closed her wet eyelashes . newline newline i reached for her and my hand fell on her arm . i tried to utter something until she finally looked at me again . let me help you .  newline newline i quickly left the sofa , went to her room and tried to wrench on the thing she got me . at least.. i think it goes on my head ?  i returned to the living room and sat down in front of her . her eyes widened . newline newline am i making her happy ?  newline newline i really hope so .  newline newline i tried to move my head , but the thing on my head blocked half of my vision . why would she even get me this thing ?  i shook my head . newline newline she took in the sight of me for a second and burst out laughing .  you silly little thing ! how did you even get it on ?  her eyes twinkled . she was beaming . newline newline i m glad .  newline newline  it s on backwards , you know ?  she said , and added ,  let me help you.  newline newline she lifted me up , put me on her lap and adjusted the soft thing on my head .  here.  she looked at me fondly , grasped me closer and murmured ,  i love you , my little cat.  newline time for another history lesson ,  jane proclaimed , as they sat around the oval table , empty cartons that had contained spicy , eggy noodles , pushed to one side now . they had been delivered by a rope and pulley system from the canal below  clearly this was a regular meal for the penthouse dwellers . newline katya had never seen people eat so constantly  and with such abandon . in all the tiers she had lived in , food was a luxury that only the stupendously wealthy wasted money on  mostly as a means to impress , to flaunt that wealth . newline but her attention turned away from the waxy , cardboard cartons as jane  s voice cut through her thoughts . newline  originally ,  the blond woman began ,  there were no tiers  there were just districts in one huge city . sennaya was one such district , as were all the others  nightside , urbia , harbourview etcetera.  newline she punctuated the names by gesturing in the direction the places had once been , in relation to sennaya . with a glance at jack , she continued the lesson . newline  people could move between them freely and there was no upkeep fee . sensory upgrades still had to be purchased , but the upload packages people bought to enter ziggurat often included them  as well as storage packages and other upgrades.  newline she tossed one of the old magazines onto the table . the cover read  wired  and the headline below  emblazoned over a wireframe picture of a digital avatar  read  the new frontier : digital utopia or virtual hell ?  newline  as the place got more crowded , more popular , the system was forced to redistribute resources . it split the world into three levels  poor , average and wealthy.  newline jack picked up the thread of conversation now , eager to add his knowledge , newline  render distances and other  privileges  were reduced for the poor  as well as the ability to enter the other tiers . for the average citizen , in the second tier , the changes were barely noticeable  while the wealthy maintained full access and saw themselves as having privileges over the lesser tiers.  newline  thus ziggurat was born ,  jo intoned . newline katya listened , spellbound , as jane picked up the thread again , newline  over time , the conditions in the old world deteriorated  famine , sickness , overcrowding were the norm.  newline she rapped the magazine with her knuckles , newline  and so the supposed  virtual hell  began to look increasingly appealing to everyone left behind . legions of people began to pour in , threatening to upset the balance that had been found.  newline she trailed off , picking at the label of her beer . newline jack leaned forward to fill the silence , newline  upgrades to the system by the admins staved off the initial overload , then super smart  and incredibly powerful  cluster ais were brought online to compensate . with their aid , the tier system would be abolished and ziggurat would revert to the promised infrastructure.  newline  but something went wrong ,  katya husked . newline jane gave a grim smile , newline  the crash happened just minutes after the ais were brought online . nobody knows exactly what happened , because everyone went offline.  newline  how long we were offline is hard to pinpoint ,  jack interjected ,  because as far as we can tell everything went down . it could have been a few hours , or it could have been decades.  newline  but when the system came back online , everything had changed.  newline jane tossed her bamboo chopsticks at the brimming waste basket near the door  and missed . newline  when we all rebooted , the ten tiers greeted us and we  d all been redistributed amongst them by our wealth . everything had a price now  even just existing in ziggurat cost credits.  newline  but why ?  newline jo  s voice answered her , newline  we don  t know . nobody has access to that information  not a single mind was active during the crash.  newline  some think the ais went crazy ,  jack offered . newline  most think the ais went crazy ,  corrected jane . newline katya  s mind raced , newline  but the archive will have that information.  newline jane hooted with glee , newline  told you fuckers she was smart !  newline  but what about the admins ? what happened to them ?  newline the three hackers looked uneasily at each other . jack coughed . newline  we  re not sure ,  responded jane , picking at her nails . newline jo  s eerie , blank visage turned to regard her , newline  that  s what we want you to find out . we only knew the name of one of them , the rest were a mystery to us.  newline  anyway , let  s pack this in for the night . katya  s go a lot to process and it  s late.  newline jane untangled herself from her chair , then headed for one of the internal bedrooms . jack followed her . newline moving to clear the table of mess , jo spoke quietly to katya , newline  unlike us , they still cling to the old world habit of sleep  they are creatures of routine and comfort.  newline jo offered hir offwhite hand to katya , newline  come . let me show you my creation.  newlinei gazed at the casings strewn around . each one held room for dozens of planets , but they were empty , robbed  pryed open by something ancient and sour . this was the final fold of the multiverse , the last hope for the remaining life , but this time , not even the dry , dead planets remained . only pockets of once hospitable air ... newline newline the darkness engulfs his home , engulfs his subjects , leaving behind a wasteland with a raging storm newline newline  jupiter ?  venus gently touches my arm ,  there is nothing we can do .  newline newline i looked at the girl , ancient and young , beautiful and terrible . the romans fashioned her my daughter , but they can not quite understand our way . we are not family , simply the forces of the greater multiverse , each ruler of a realm . i am the eldest , but none of us are related according to the human definitions . we are the protecters from the impending doom . like a great slug , a dark , consuming beast , larger then human imagination swims through space , it devours planets in ever plane , if caught unawares , we too are devoured . newline newline  venus , if this plane too is dead ...  newline newline  then the milky way is all that is left .  tears spring to her eyes . her beautiful , blistering world had fallen last , but like the rest of us other than earth , she evaded attack . somehow , earth s great green and blue survived , and we have fallen back to protect it . six remain , ever vigilant , while we searched for something else worth protecting . newline newline venus starts gliding towards the weak spot , we find the hole , and burrow into the next plane . thousands of dead worlds pass , and we stop only to seal each entrance . when home , we deliver the news , but mercury and mars ca nt quite accept it . newline newline  we must find this evil , it must be destroyed .  there is nothing i can do about the hotheads , so i give them my blessing and a warning . newline newline  we know not where it resides , so do not give it passage .  they agree , and promise to return by the end of the millennium . newline newline as the turn of the millennium passes , we mourn our fallen brethren for their pray takes no prisoners . venus asks ,  who do you think won ?  newline newline  i do not know  . newline newline the oracles speak of other life , not realizing they preach history , not future . below our feet , the people cry , begging for help from their gods . venus sobs , but their cry for food pales when it is all we can do to stave off the world eater . we stand eternal guard against an evil that may never return but i will not fail earth s people as i have failed my own . papa ,  tera said quietly , pulling at her grandfather s tunic . koel looked down at his granddaughter .  yes , tera ?  she pointed over the tall grass to a thin shape sticking over the top . newline  what is that ?  koel shaded his eyes , peering through the sun of the valley . he found the shape and tried hard to see , but his old eyes refused to give him clarity . newline newline he patted tera on the head .  stay here , love , try not to wander off . why do nt you lay down the blanket and get the food out ?  she nodded , then sat down on the grass and went to work . newline newline koel moved closer and saw that it was a rusted sword , plunged into the ground . koel grabbed the hilt and pulled it out . the part of the blade that was in the ground seemed as shiny as it must have been when it was forged . it was there that koel saw its history . the chips , the stains . the dull edge . he thought back to his own youth  war , fighting , blood , ashes . he remembered the looks in their eyes , before his sword took it away . he heard the clash of metal and the screams of men . he teared up as he remembered the boy , almost as old as tera , forced to defend what was left of his village . he did nt last long . newline newline koel took the sword , and giving it one last look , threw it into the river flowing near . he saw it sink to the bottom . newline tera grabbed his hand eagerly as he came back to where she was sitting . newline newline  what was it papa ?  she asked ,  treasure ?  koel teared up again as he saw her innocent face , unblemished by marks of any kind . newline  no ,  he said ,  it was a memory , and one i hope that you never have .  will we see each other again ?  i asked as she stepped out of the cab . newline newline  i do nt know ,  she said ,  i m just real busy .  newline newline i just waved my hand to the cabbie and told him to take me to my apartment . this was the third date i d been on in over a month . it was starting to get really tiring trying to find someone who was willing to go on a second date . most girls just ditched me during the middle of dinner . i would just get out of the dating scene for a while , but it was nt that easy . newline newline i had some issues a few years ago and in a panic i frantically bargained with a witch that i once dated . in hindsight i know i should nt have made that deal , but sometimes people will do anything to get out of a bind . our agreement was that i would give her my first born child . it was a tough decision , but i figured that i would just get somebody pregnant and instead of her having to get an abortion the witch would just take it . that was three years ago . newline newline i walked up the dingy stairs i had been accustomed too seeing all these years and unlocked my door . that all too familiar smell of cigarette smoke floated in the air like a gray fog . she was here . newline newline  ophelia ? are you in here ?  i asked while fumbling for the light switch . newline newline i had no answer . i knew she was in there though . smoke like this does nt come from anywhere . i flicked on the light and saw her sitting at the kitchen bar . she sat there with a smirk on her face . newline newline she took a long inhale off of her cigarette . she blew out an elegant smoke ring and asked me ,  any luck tonight ?  newline newline i shook my head while grabbing a glass from the cabinet .  i m trying , but it s tough ,  i said ,  it s almost like i m cursed , ha ha ...  i could see from her stare she did nt find my joke funny .  just give it a while , i m sure it ll happen . anyways , do you want a drink ?  newline newline she sighed and said ,  yeah , you know what i like .  newline newline i began to mix her favorite cocktail . a concoction i used to mix up for her back when we dated that i called ,  the witch s brew .  newline newline  look , i know you re trying out there , but if you do nt fulfill your end of this bargain i m going to make you my little pet ,  she said . newline newline i did nt want to risk that . i had no idea what it entailed for me , but i imagined i would be some sort of black cat or owl . i quite enjoyed being human . i just nodded my head and handed her the drink . newline newline i watched as she snapped her fingers and her cigarette vanished .  you know after all this time knowing you , you still amaze me .  newline newline she rolled her eyes and replied ,  you re much too kind .  she took a sip of the drink .  you make a damn good blend , henry .  newline newline i thanked her and walked over to the sink to was my hands . i turned around and said ,  so are you just checking up with me ?  newline newline she shook her head no ,  i came to warn you . if you do nt have someone pregnant , or at least tried , by the next harvest moon , i m going to have to come down on you .  i began to walk over to the window to see what phase we were in now , but she stopped me .  that s six months ,  she said while holding up six fingers . newline newline  six months ! why are you just now telling me ? god , ophelia ! you did this intentionally !  newline newline  i ve given you years to give me a child . that was the deal . you ve got six months ,  she said while getting up . she began walking to the door . i watched her walk out onto the sidewalk before i realized i might be able to buy more time . newline newline i ran down the stairs and quickly caught up with her and grabbed her arm .  can i get one more year ?  i asked . newline newline she turned and looked me in the eyes . this was the first time i had really looked deep into her beautiful brown eyes since we dated . they caught the glint of the neon and just sparkled . her mouth began to open and words were flowing out . i could nt make out what she was saying . her ruby lips put me into a trance . newline newline  ophelia ,  i said . newline newline  what is it , henry ?  newline newline i stood there , not being able to move . newline newline  henry ?  she said . newline newline i reached out and put my arms around her . i was nt sure what came over me at the time . i knew i was probably going to be transformed in a toad at that moment for what i was doing , but i just could nt help myself . her looks put a spell on me . newline newline i could feel her move her arms , and i began to wince knowing what was coming next . to my shock she hugged me back . i began to asked her what was going on . she put a finger to my lip . newline newline she said ,  henry , you silly boy , why has it taken you so long to do this ?  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  to reach out to me with your love .  newline newline  what do you mean ? i thought you said you could nt deal with marrying someone without magic ?  newline newline  i could nt , but after i declined to marry you , i realized that you treated me better than any man had since before the revolutionary war . i tried to reach out to you , but you would nt take any of my hints . so after waiting i put a curse on you to give you finical misfortune , knowing you d turn to me .  newline newline  i do nt understand ?  newline newline  our bargain , that you would give me your firstborn child , was my way of trying to get you to court me again ! instead i have to watch you date woman after woman , and that greatly saddens me that i drove you away .  newline newline i was shocked at this news . i leaned back against a building wall with my hand on my head . i looked at her , and it all clicked . she wanted us to have that child . that was something we often talked about all those years ago . we both agreed that we could have a child and move away from this city into a country house . newline newline i knelt down in front of her and grabbed her hand .  ophelia umbra ,  i said ,  will you marry me ?  newline newline she smiled as a steady stream of tears began to roll down her face .  yes , yes henry , i will !  newline newline i stood up and kissed her . the catharsis of the loving embrace finally made me break down myself and cry tears of joy . we held each other tightly before deciding that it was too cold to stay outside any longer . newline newline we began to walk upstairs to my room when i asked her ,  so all that business about being your pet was a joke , right ?  newline newline she laughed and replied ,  no . if you could nt at least figure out that i was still in love with you , i was going to turn you into a cat .  newline newline if you are seeing this than thanks for reading ! i would really love to get constructive criticism on this story so i can get better with my writing . thanks !  newline newline edit : i fixed a few errors in both wording and spelling .naniko slumped back in his chair . twentythree months , they had been on this hellhole planet , searching the endless desert , for something  anything . newline newline he knew it must be something important  a trip like this would cost upwards of a billion credits , and that was nt any small sum for any private organisation to splurge on the whim of a madman . and that was the rumour  that the director , the oldest living human had shown his face for the first time in public just to recall some fantastic tale of ancient civilisations and intergalactic travel . newline newline and so here they were , further from home than any other current mission , in a vast and endless desert , searching for any evidence of this tall story that no one truly believed could even be true . and then the pit of his stomach dropped out from under him , as he wrenched up in his chair . they had all seen it , as suddenly everyone in the cockpit froze in silent anticipation . newline newline on the horizon it stood tall and shining , a single black column reaching to the sky , perfect and unweathered from the unforgiving desert that surrounded it for a billion miles in every direction . untouched and somewhat foreboding , gradually it rose from the horizon and into full view as they drifted slowly towards it , still in awestruck silence . the old man was right . newline newline before he knew it , they were suited up and on the ground , mere yards from it s base , gazing up at its seamless , shimmering black beauty against the dark sky . in person , it was a lot more intimidating . as they approached , the captain raised her hand and they dropped silently to the floor , weapons raised , ready for anything  they had to be . gradually the captain rose to her feet , the desert wind picking up as a great sandstorm appeared , tearing around a great dune to the west  a wall of sand almost as tall as the monolith they stood before . they would have to move quickly . newline newline newline newline the captain approached cautiously as , in single file , they finally reached its featureless black surface , her weapon raised . as the barrel of her weapon gets within inches of its surface , she suddenly lowers it , her head falling back in an almost lifeless manner , a short sigh of disbelief sharply exiting her lungs . naniko , at her rear , reaches out his arm placing his hand lightly upon her shoulder  a gesture of both comfort and fear . newline newline newline newline her voice came over their comms weak and timid , something that struck fear deep into them like the sight of a great beast . newline newline  he was right ...  newline newline and as they turned to the monolith itself , the light from the distant sun shone through the dark clouds above for just a moment , illuminating the great wall of the monolith in a shining blackness . and upon its surface , repeated over and over were the same words , in every language they had ever seen  and some they did not recognise . the monolith read  newline newline  to the billions who were lost , the suffering wrought , and the destruction of this once fair planet , we pledge our lives  all but those required to continue the species , we remain to face the end of this world with steadfast resolve , in repentance for our sins upon the universe . may all heed this warning  we are not gods , and our fallibility is our downfall when we play with their fire . cameras zoom in on 2 wild homo sapien newline newline and now , we are observing two wild homo sapiens in their natural habitat : starbucks . starbucks  is a natural watering hole for the occasional homo sapien , and sometimes this rare species finds a mate at the watering hole . the male will , on rare occasion , give an espresso to the female as a sign of courtship . if the female accepts , they have been mated . newline newline oh , oh ! shh ! ! ! here comes the male . newline newline camera zooms in on male as he gets up and walks to the counter to order two doubleshot espressos audience gasps newline newline i have never seen this before ! the wild male is making the first move ... this has never been seen before ! the female always puts on a vise of makeup to impress the male ... look at him go . newline newline male hands female espresso newline newline ladies and gentlemen , we are currently observing a rare sighting here . newline newline male and female turn to look outside window at the camera crew recording them . their looks say it all .  newline newlinei slumped through the door , my body ached and my hands were nt working right . i threw myself on the sofa and closed my eyes , i had nt even noticed jessica was there until i heard her breathing in disappointment . i painfully opened my eyes . not again . the first thing i noticed was the mark of her scumbag father , purple , across her face . i should do something about him , it s my duty but how do you explain  meltoman  showing up at a random civilians door and beating the crap out of him for abusing his daughter when i should be out there battling and stopping the red scorpion and her plans . not again jess ?  i said . newline newline i sat catching my breathe , i could hear david stomping down the hall 20 seconds before he ever reached the door . for such a light , nerdy bookworm he sure was heavy footed . i needed a drink . a hard drink . david threw the door open , he was beaten bloody . not again . those thugs down in oldham i m guessing . i told him not keep money on him and they ll leave him alone eventually but he was slow . a nice guy , a friend but slow . he thought he could talk them out of it like he was meltoman or something . david and meltoman are why i do what i do . innocent people taking all the shit whilst meltoman only shows up when something goes against what he thinks is right and wrong . i try and stay quiet to let david rest but he noticed me . i could tell by his face that he had noticed my new battle wounds , they were hard to hide . not again david ?  i said .  newline newline jessica spoke just as i did , we both gave a smirk , i was lucky to have her here . she never questioned me leaving at 2 in the morning , she helped me clean up my wounds when she thought i was being beaten up by street thugs . she just took my words as facts , she was a great friend . a little slow , but a great friend . we never spoke about the news or superheroes . we just talked shit . i needed that . that and a drink , a hard one . we never spoke about her dad . we just mutually knew . as she looked at me i thought about the red scorpion . jessica and the her are the reason i do what i do . innocent people taking all the shit whilst lunatics dress up in costumes think they can change it all by inventing their own rights and wrongs . she did nt deserve what was happening to her . i think it s time meltoman made a house call but first , a drink . newline newline david was deep in thought as he looked at the bruise forming on my face . he thought it was my dad , truth is , it was once but i took those matters into my own hands a few years ago . it was nt long after that i had my first run in with meltoman . i loved that david cared but knew we did nt need to talk about it . i could nt really tell you what we spoke about but it was never about superheroes or villians , we just talked . he was sweet . he did nt deserve what was happening to him . i think it was about time that the red scorpion made a visit to the streets of oldham but first a drink .  newline newline pub ?  newline pub ? he used to write basic sentences about what he ate , when he woke up , what he did after school was finished . a lot of the kids did nt take the assignment seriously and that was fine with me . i honestly did nt care . so long as i had something to grade i was fine with it , that meant i could keep my job . years of being a high school teacher i ve learnt that majority of the studious kids were pretty empty headed . it s as if they have nothing else to think about but whats handed in front their face , and by all means that does nt make them stupid . the kids that half ass work but end up getting it done are usually the kids i take a liking too . maybe because it reminds me of myself , i really do nt know . what i do know is that jordan s journal entries were easy to grade , because he wrote like an eight year old . newline newline almost instantly though his entries became more complex . i should clarify . over the course of 3 days , he started to use semi colons . proper use of punctuation and commas , and in depth sentences . an excerpt from one of his entries  today was beautiful . i found the most vibrant colour of flowers growing out the most inconspicuous drain . it s as if it was a metaphor for the life i was living . i do not believe in coincidences .  it was clear to me that he thought of beauty in the life he considered a mossy drain , but why ? his life seemed almost perfect . he was very sociable , one of the most popular . his family was well off going generations back , and his grades were average . i thought he had nothing to worry about . newline newline jordan was never quiet in class . he sat in between the basketball players , even though he did nt play for the team , and the most popular girls in school . he was the link . he looked to his right for the constant 9gag feed from his friend marc and to left to whisper into dani s ear . when we spoke about shakespeare he could nt contain his thoughts and blurted  i heard he was a virgin !  people laughed . the empties kept their eyes on me though . newline newline his entries continued to get more fierce . he mixed beauty with hate . he wrote  the vibrance lost it s appeal , so i trekked through the gutter just to tear it out .  i knew he was talking about the flowers he saw a couple days ago , and this got me thinking . what was it in his life that we sought so badly to destroy ? i gave him a b . he did nt care . newline newline the day after he did nt show up for school . he shot himself with his fathers gun . newline newline his mom showed up to the school the day after we all got the news to speak with the dean . she resembled him and i made the connection . i spied on them through the crack in the slightly opened blue door to his office . she had cracked lips and yellow teeth . her hair was slightly dry as if she was in need of a hairdresser . she wore expensive clothes but loosely around he body . her eyes were low and her husband was not with her . she was asking for his yearbook picture to be taken out of class group , and she wanted to clean out his locker . the dean quickly agreed . while she was walking out locker key in hand she asked ,  could you tell me where his english teacher s room is ?  newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline first prompt i ever wrote , it was also on my mobile so excuse any mistakes . let me know what you think and if u thought it could ve taken a better twist pm me ! what are you up to george ?  newline newline george looked innocently up , shifting his feet from side to side with a gentle rustle .  nothing mum ...  newline newline she gazed down at george and smiled .  did you make this all by yourself ?  newline newline george grinned back .  yep ! it s a dragon !  he exclaimed proudly . and proceeded to show her by shuffling a few steps forward , gently tugging the black bin bag cutout along the floor . newline newline sarah glanced at her own shadow . for as long as she could remember it was shaped like a panther , dark and sleek . suddenly a pang of sadness filled her heart . what kind of life can her son have without a shadow ? newline newline a hand gently interlocked with her own .  he can be anything he wants to be  whispered william , his elephant shadow joining her own .  we will be there for him every step of the way . the matter was never up for discussion . my marriage would be to whichever lord would give father what he wanted . and what father wanted was peace . so , it should nt have surprised me to hear i was to be married to someone everyone else feared . after all , what better ally is there if you just want to keep to yourself ? newline newline still ... lord barthos of the infernal pit was a bit of a shock . pale grey skin laced with black veins , glowing white eyes and horns that could gore a dragon . he stood 11 feet tall and looked like he could tear me to shreds . newline newline he was perfect .the only problem is , over the course of the past 2,300 years , my brain has developed along the same evolutionary circuits of generations of people to be born and die . the hypnotist ca nt get into my head because of its 2,300 years of progression . so , battered and worn in my forgetfulness , i set out into the world , traveling back in time after a manner of sorts , by visiting all of the past haunts and historical spots i can remember , in the hopes that i can find more about myself along the way . newline newline decades more pass me by in this seemingly endless search . from the battlefields of normandy to my old haunt at thrushcross grange i go , all the while seeing my way more and more dimly . at long last , i find myself sitting before a painting i discover in a small , secluded monastery , high up in the pyrenees mountains of spain . it is the visage of an incomparable woman , with beautifully portrayed eyes , and statuesque form . next to her in the image is a man whom i believe to be vaguely familiar . newline newline long do i ponder the portrait as i tap my signet ring upon the wooden pew . i have no idea of course , how long i ve had this particular ring , only that i have kept it close to my person for far longer than i can remember . it is at this moment that i realize , the man in the image is wearing a detailed signet ring , on the first finger of his right hand . as my eyes light , i realize that i recognize the eyes of the man in the picture . my attention is turned again to the dame in the painting . with sickness in my heart , i realize that while i barely know the man , or the meaning behind such a beautiful portrait , i know the woman not at all , i have no memory of her existence . newline newline and from there i set off on the next leg of my adventure , to discover the meaning of the painting , my signet ring , and of the descendants of the woman . newline newlinesome world leaders managed to come to terms with the new situation . nothing in the constitution prevented barack obama from remaining president , although some reports indicated that hillary clinton was furious that her chance to make history as the first female president was lost forever . newline newline those countries which had pushed for equal rights came out more or less alright . cameron in the uk looked like a bad drag act , but his famous thatcher speech helped to restore order . for dilma rouseff and angela merkel , it was business as usual . newline newline in hindsight , it was perhaps inevitable that saudi arabia went the way it did . under saudi law , king salman and his entire government were now unfit to rule the country . i hear the riots continue to this day .at first , the great reshuffling was quite perplexing . some people ended up far better off , some people far worse . close knit tribes could suddenly be fractured by great distances , and it was quite alienating on the whole . many people committed suicide , others engaged in hedonistic sprees , but after the initial shock the greater part of humanity just kept calm and carried on . newline newline it was a very confusing time for all . the scientists never discovered how the great reshuffling actually occurred , much less why . the social scientists declared that , by bizarre circumstance alone , we had experienced rawls  original position , for no one had any say in the matter as to whose body they would now come to inhabit . the social scientists theorised that humanity would now come to be much more just , much more fair , and that things like tribalism and racism would simply wipe itself away . unfortunately , it was not so , as we discovered just how shallow we really are : identities were amorphous and it was not uncommon to see a castigated minority reshuffled into the body of a racial majority and continue to enjoy , and maintain , the same system of privilege that had oppressed his former people . newline newline lovers could suddenly be brothers and sisters , or vice versa . families were lucky if they were suddenly scattered across the same town , somewhat lucky if it was the same continent , and if they were plum out of luck they would simply never see each other again . new families arose , but that begat an identity crisis compounded unto infinity . newline newline what was really interesting was when , by sheer determination and will or by luck and circumstance , that the reshuffled would be able to figure out where their original bodies had gone and met who now inhabited them . sometimes it was a simple affair : two people who had simply traded lives . usually , with just a bit of talking , both would come to terms with the permanent change in the state of affairs , and with each other . friendships formed this way were called  empathic bonds  by the social scientists whereas in common parlance it would be much more intuitive :  oh , yeah , that s the guy i switched with .  nonetheless , it was a pretty intense experience . the tragedy was that so many of these dyadic reshuffles never found each other , for as simple as it was for just one of the two to stay put and let the other find them , the immediate instinct was always to go looking for your old body , your old home , what was familiar : what you knew . newline newline this was only more complicated with triads and tetrads , which were manageable , but when you had hopelessly complicated networks of reshuffles then the chances of finding who your body belonged to , or finding your own body , would be next to impossible . the scientists had estimated up to 10,000 people could be linked together in one big reshufflearoo , but of course , when it came down to it , not enough people actually bothered to find their bodies . too many people relished the new freedom found . newline newline it was liberating . all your past burdens , past woes , they were gone . so too did your joys , but then the new burdens and new woes would only crop up if you let them , at least , if you were fortunate in the reshuffle . allowed to start afresh , many people decided never to rejoin the world , and to live the rest of their lives as vagabonds , away from the new , evolving society . newline newline the catastrophic failing of institutions with this splintering of teams was actually , quite underwhelming . humans are a resourceful lot , and the right person always showed up in the right place at the right time , sometimes it might take over a hundred people to get that person there , but it always happened . newline newline the toughest aspect was adjusting gender . many who were caught in the tough circumstance of having to accept this change resisted it , and it brought a lot of psychological torment . age was difficult too . young adults finding themselves in the bodies of the senile would quickly perish , while the opposite led to quite interesting behaviours : when they never expected to get to say  you only live twice  , they were seized with an overwhelming sense of invincibility and recklessness . newline newline in the end the event went down as just a curious incident in the annals of time , as within a couple of generations things were just as they were : you are you , and i am me . it gave credence to the idea of a transcendent consciousness , that the lines drawn between egos was a fine line purposefully drawn , that there s really nothing separating us . it was true before the great reshuffling , it was true after the great reshuffling and it continued to remain true : newline newline we are we .the young woman ran out of the darkness and into the temple . her blackened feet made loud , dirty marks on the white marble floors . when she reached the center of the temple she fell over . but before she hit the ground , she was caught by one of the white robes of peace . newline newline  rest daughter , you are safe now ,  said the priest . his quiet voice lulled the young woman to sleep . her breathing softened and slowed as the priest laid her on a cot in one of the upper rooms . newline newline she woke with sunlight in her eyes , making them difficult to open , but when she did , she saw a room with a crystal window looking down at all of sanford . the hebe river ran through the city like a monstrous snake . she stared down and traced it , before shuddering and turning away . the rest of her room was occupied with other straw mattresses . the floor and walls were made of white stone . as if drawn by her rustling , the priest from last night was standing in the doorway . newline newline  you may stay here as long as you wish . although i have neither food nor water to offer you ,  he calmly stated . then he went on his way . she noticed that he was carrying a bucket and a mop . newline newline she hopped off the bed and exited her room . right outside the door was a railing , past which was the central area of the temple . there were rows of white stone benches on the white marble floor in case people wanted to hear a priest talk . she saw stairs to the first floor near the entrance to the temple . in most buildings stairs would be placed at a defensible points , but this was a temple of ernasti . no violence could come to be in this sacred place . as such , there was no need to build for defense , even though this was a permanent structure . newline newline  i have nt had a visitor for a while .  the priest s voice broke her train of thought .  if you do nt mind me asking , what is your name , daughter ?  the priest was as young as she was , maybe thirty cycles at most . she smiled though . newline newline  andra .  her clothes were dirty and almost falling off . her skin was blackened by soot . she was not very presentable in a house of one of the gods . nevertheless , the two took a seat on the stairs . newline newline  andra . it is a good name . what has led you to take refuge in this house ?  she visibly tensed when he asked her this , but he just held a smile with closed eyes . newline newline  i m running . nobody is trying to hurt me , but ernasti is the god of peace , right ? i thought maybe he could give me some peace in my heart .  she smiled , a bittersweet smile , with the weight of the world in it . newline newline the priest chuckled in return .  his magic merely prevents violence in his temples . your mind and soul are unfortunately not protected here .  newline newline at this , the temple doors swung open . a man dressed in the same white robes as ernasti s priests walked in . his were splattered with a dark brown color . as he walked in he turned to the current priest . newline newline  welcome , brother . i hope that  the priest s words were suddenly cut off as newcomer put his fist through the priest s chest . the bits of blood and bone splattered over the pristine white stairs , the wall , and over andra . the man walked towards the center of the temple . then he jumped up to the second floor and hung the dead priest on the railing by his robe . newline newline he jumped down , and walked back towards the exit . newline newline  please , do nt hurt me !  andra begged . newline newline  i wo nt hurt you ,  the man said .  there s no honor to be had in killing the weak . i generally just sit back and imagine the scene . newline newline i start off with a sketchy image , for example a man sitting in a bar drinking to forget about his worries . from there i have to decide what the focal point is . usually you d pick the protagonist , or the drinker in this situation , but occasionally i ll select something else , like the crystal tumbler full of amber liquid , probably whiskey . from there , i flesh the focal point of the scene out . why does it matter that its a glass of whiskey , not any other hard drink ? is the drinker remembering something or someone related to it ? maybe the drink is just a drink , but that does nt mean that the scene ca nt focus on it . newline newline now fill out secondary details , the barkeeper , a balding australian , his accent mostly covered up by the bronx lingo that tends to overpower most verbal traits . the dartboard , hanging slightly skewed because when it was nailed in it was placed too close to a wall light . the bartop , old , scarred and worn but clean , reflecting its owner . newline newline and then come the tertiary points , the other people in the bar . the smokey interior . the old fashioned neon lights . the pictures on the wall . newline newline now you have your scene , let it play out . you know where you are starting , but where do you end ? does he leave the bar with a one night stand that he regrets ? does he collapse blackout drunk ? does he get in a fight ? or does he meet someone he was hoping had forgotten him ? let the scene run naturally and do nt let your personality overcome that of the characters . you are just recording what is happening , not having a conversation with yourself . newline newline this generally works for me , if i have a starting point for a scene in mind . newlineyou want to drive an aston martin and wear a slick suit , get all the girls and meet all the fancy people ? go get a job in finance . that just is nt how this works . sure i have a license to kill , but it s not a laminated id or something , and if i get caught the government wo nt claim me or help me . mostly i work as a data entry clerk for a german owned company with military interests , my cover . it s still 40 hrs a week and i need the money to live on since having the british government deposit large sums into your bank account is rather suspicious . newline newline most of my spy work is done after hours , almost more of a hobby . i come home make a cup of tea and listen to coded messages on the shortwave , which is actually in my teapot , so that s nice . when i need a refill the static gets bad . most of the messages are nt even for me so i do nt even have a cypher , so i listen to beeping for about 45 min to an hour and maybe i get a message to pick up a dead drop . dead drop , sounds sexy and dangerous ... no it is not . they tell me to pick up a dead drop from  point delta  aka under the dumpster behind the deli on the bad side of town . better make sure not to be followed and that no bum taking a shit in the alley recognizes the infamous 009 . newline newline the honey pots get to have all the fun . they get to go to the big party s and seduce the powerful people . sure when i joined i thought hey i m a hansom man i ll probably get some heiress to seduce so i can steal her fathers documents . not so fast turns out it s much more effective to send a busty female agent to seduce him , she could do in 30 min what it takes 007 an entire movie to do . newline anyways it s a thankless job but i love it .so , in high school , i was encouraged to submit to a student publication . newline newline the instructor was very demanding . i guess she wanted to push us . i submitted a lot of stuff that was shot down before i got something she found worthy . newline newline i m preening my feathers about finally making the cut , get my volume , and discover the cover art is a gorgeous picture of a dragon seen from the cockpit of a fighter jet . newline newline that had been entirely ripped from dragon magazine , the d  d enthusiasts  broadsheet . newline newline and it s a shitty trace , too . not even sightly altered . the little shit even copied a panel inside the cockpit that apparently had contained some classified instrument , and the original artist had turned the panel into a black box with the words ,  useless wasted space  on it in a rather clever move . newline newline and this kid had lettered that in , as well . newline newline i am highly annoyed . i bust my ass to make the cut , and the cover is a rip ? newline newline i bring the original into the teacher . show her the trace . how this kid did nt even appropriate . just stole . newline newline  well , johnny is talented . i do nt want to discourage him .  newline newline newline it s worth noting that this same instructor made us write short fic , and then peer review , and when i got dinged because someone decided my ghost fantasy story was stupid because that kind of thing  ai nt real  , and i got irascible and shredded another student s work because  sally klimed the fence and it was relly high and then she made it and errybody said yay ! the end  was nt exactly hemingway , i got taken to task for discouraging the poor simpleton from contributing . newline newline when a post i made went front page , and i started getting congrats orangereds , i did an ego search to find it , and the first hits i got were from reposting blogs . with paid ads . i could nt be entirely mad , since it was attributed , and for a moment i was all ,  worldwide , bitches !  but then i went back to eating my ramen and making my thirty day meds last forty five days for financial reasons . newline newline i feel there is a new culture of anything goes , and while i suppose it s one thing to play wonderwall on your acoustic and tell sally shortbread you wrote it just for her , there have to be consequences when you misrepresent yourself for personal gain . and if sally learns you re aping oasis to get in her drawers , i m sure hell will follow after .harold felt his bald head grow a thick curly mane in the span of three seconds . his bad tooth stopped hurting and he heard the ocean s roar in his left ear , then his right ear that had hitherto been deaf for countless years . newline newline it looked like he was on the edge of a scottish cliffside , or somewhere green , remote , and naturey . he gazed off the long grass bedighted black rill of felt black rock at the azure ocean , without ever needing to squint despite missing his glasses . newline newline  guess i was wrong ,  he said to god . at least , he now assumed god existed and was probably listening . newline newline he remembered dying , cloying his way into what he expected to be the nothingness of eternal oblivion as his body was stretched across the hospital cot  tubes shoved into every orifice , other tubes prodded into him creating new ones , himself deteriorating into a being of more cancer cells than harold cells . newline newline  ... unless hell has better scenery than what i d pictured .  he said , scratching his fully regrown locks . newline newline  what do you mean by that ?  a high , yet resonant voice chimed behind harold . newline newline he turned to see a nude , hairless man who s flesh was segmented into rings like a tree . each of those flesh segments turned in the opposite direction of the segments bookending it . it became apparent that each ring had one small eye apiece , and at different times these eyes would appear then disappear as the rings rotated around the body they composed . newline newline for some reason , harold did nt find any of this unsettling in the slightest . answering politely , he said ,  i never saw myself in heaven . always thought i was destined for , well , you know .  newline newline the ringed man cocked his head to the side in the manner of a dog hearing a strange noise . newline newline  unless ,  harold felt a second of panic ,  this really is hell and your about to give me the business .  newline newline the ringedman tilted his head back and released a noise like a chorus of bells . laughter , harold noticed , and soon succumbed to joining into its contagion . newline newline  this is nt hell ,  the ringed man said .  it s heaven . i m an angel .  newline newline  figured ,  harold said , unable to hold back a smirk . he felt lighter than when he was a child , and something about the atmosphere bombarded him with positive vibes . newline newline  you re a good guesser ,  the angel said .  it s as you said : you were destined for hell .  newline newline  ... but ?  newline newline the angel held back another laugh .  you were just there . you ve served your time , harold .  newline newline                                                newline newline they walked for miles , but no fatigue entered harold s lungs , no cricks bothered his knees or back , and the scenery exploded into vivider and more ethereally wild , vivacious majesty . a constant influx of blue whales leapt from the ocean and erupted from their blowholes geysers that literally turned into monsoons in the sky that refracted endless mbius strips of rainbows . er , kind of . it was getting harder and harder for harold to put words to what he was seeing . newline newline  really , if earth was hell , it was actually quite palpable .  newline newline the angel halted and swiveled to face harold . tears formed in all his eyes .  the fact that you ever felt pain is an insufferable thought to me . the torment you faced , being existentially lost , not knowing your place in the universe , not knowing who or what or why you were ... that reason alone makes a good argument for going back and not creating existence to begin with .  newline newline  but , i  something caught in harold s throat . it was an immutable sadness from realizing how lost he d been on earth . then , in an instant , that sadness burned like a ball of wax thrown into the sun as it confronted his joy at the epiphany he now did know and was fully aware of his purpose , destiny , identity , and the undeniable , unshakeable beauty and glory of himself and all existence . he fell to his knees . newline newline  a mere second without this wisdom is unfathomable ,  he sobbed .  and i lived a lifetime !  newline newline  and yet , in a way ,  the angel closed his eyes in reverence ,  i envy you . we beings who never had to bear that separation , though blessed in that abstinence , can never feel the unparalleled comparison of having once suffered , and now be eternally filled .  newline newline  so that s heaven ? even horror and suffering are transmuted into more perfection ... and i almost asked how hell had been approved to begin with . well , i guess i ll post my own now .  newline newline  rat trap   http : chapterfy.comrrattrap   theo has been in the business for years . he knows the ins and outs , how to play it cool and avoid suspicion . most of all , he knows the consequences of getting caught . but when the law finally does catch up to him , it turns out that it plays by different rules . theo s interrogator is not above dirtying his hands in the pursuit of  justice  . newline newline honestly i was a bit ambitious with this . i wanted to go for a psychological thriller and suspense story , but i ve never tried writing one before . so i have  what i think  is a solid beginning , and an adequate ending , but i completely botched up the middle . i did write more than this , but like i said , the middle got a bit botched up . the clock ticks with your beating heart . slower than it used to , barely noticeable . nonetheless , your brain has registered the difference . you know it s time to move to the next stage . this will be stage 4 for you . stage 4 ... preparation . the most soughtafter stage , everyone wishes it could last forever . you re free to do whatever you want . you re with other stage 4 tickers ... no one burdens you with a look of pity or jealousy . you re all in the same boat . all preparing for its departure . newline newline but you ca nt help feeling jipped . at 14 years old , you are by far the youngest one there . people do still throw you looks of pity , like they want to hug you , take care of you , share their time with you . well , fuck that . you do nt need their patronizing gazes thrust upon you . this is a time for fun , and relaxation , and ... preparation . so you re damn well going to do just that . newline newline months go by . you re sitting in a mental preparation oneonone with the psychiatrist when a voice sounds over the loudspeaker . it booms your name clearly , tartly . asks you to come to the civil headquarters of the stage 4 department . with interest , you oblige . newline newline once there , the secretary asks you to wait and be seated . an official soon retrieves you  takes you into one of the many offices . damn it s fancy . newline newline  we ve made ... a mistake .  newline newline  a mistake ?  newline newline  your ticker . it s wrong . you actually have much more time than anticipated .  newline newline  i ... do ? but i m almost done with stage 4 . i m prepared sir . what am i supposed to do ?  newline newline  we ll move you back to the stage 3 s ... and provide a specialist to help you with readjustment .  newline newline  but ... i ... i do nt ...  newline newline  thank you for understanding , there s a car waiting for you outside the building . it ll take you to get your ticker adjusted .  newline newline he ushers you out the door  you walk to the car in a stupor . newline newline   i have more time ... more time ? what am i supposed to do with it ? i ca nt ... i do nt want it . i m prepared . i m prepared to go . do nt want to go back to stage 3 ... god , no , please not 3 . i ca nt . i ca nt take this , ca nt do it ...   newline newline you enter the car and its driver takes you to gather your belongings . quickly grabbing things and throwing them haphazardly into a couple suitcases , then bringing them to the curb , the driver asks if you need help . newline newline  what..yeah..oh , yes . please , that would be great .  newline newline as he exits the car , leaving it running , you quickly slide into the driver s seat . put it in drive . slam down the pedal . and fly . until you re truly flying . away from the world , beholden to no one and nothing , your ticker a red blinking 00:00:00 beside its body . god . damnit !  newline  shut up . shut the fuck . up .  newline  i knew him before this all happened   newline  what if he was bitten and we do nt know yet ?  newline  maybe . maybe , if we took the time to check   newline  you better watch your tone with me boy .  newline i took a step back . i swallowed the lump in my throat to no avail . it was stuck there . newline surrounding me were some of the toughest men and women i had ever met in my life . they survived zday : the mass hysteria created by the outbreak , the lack of resources , lack of order . people , who had all been deemed normal , upstanding citizens turned to crazed beasts , and there were also the zombies . the hordes and hordes of zombies . this group of men and women had fought for their lives and had won . except for one . that was me . i just got lucky i guess . i went home that day , left my job , like usual , at around 8pm . i drove through at carl s jr. got a double western cheeseburger ... and now they want to kill my best friend . newline  can i at least go talk to him first ?  newline  and plan your escape ?  newline  what escape ?  newline  give us your weapon .  newline i handed over my revolver . newline  just remember where your loyalties lie , psydux4lyfe .  newline they had made me choose a new name when they took me in . part of the initiation process to join their brigade . newline i began walking toward derek , my best friend . and my worst enemy . newline  and remember each of us is armed , and ready to fire at the drop of a hat .  newline the only thing i could think at that moment was ,  i do nt have a hat to drop .  they had taken it away last week . it was nt the time or the place to reply snidely so i just kept walking . newline when i got over to derek my emotions overwhelmed me . not because i loved the guy , and not because i hated him , but because he reminded me of stace . seeing him , running into him , was the last thing i thought , would or , could happen . i thought everyone in my life had been taken , i tried calling , i tried finding , i gave up hope after weeks of no contact . everyone in my life was gone i had told myself newline ... my family ... newline ... my coworkers ... newline ... my friends ... newline ... stace . i loved her . dearly . and derek had been her boyfriend . newline  hey derek .  newline  ri  newline  it s psydux4lyfe now .  newline  what ?  newline  what are you doing here .  newline  trying to survive . what does it look like ?  newline  yeah .  there was a moment of silence between us . i did my best to take control of my emotions , turning a sudden onset sob into a cough . it was nt completely futile . i only spoke after i had regained my composure fully . newline  you have to run derek .  newline  i m not running .  newline  i m not joking .  newline  neither am i . if they re going to kill me , they wo nt be shooting me in the back .  newline  i do nt think you know who you re messing with derek .  newline  that gang of meatheads you re rolling around with .  newline  they want to kill you , execute you , cut your fucking head off .  newline  let em , i do nt have anything to live for anymore .  newline it was then that i saw the shard of glass clutched in derek s hand . newline  derek , i know we have our differences , i know how hard it s been out there . but fighting will only make what is about to happen worse .  newline  i ve been bitten .  newline derek began to cry . he wept like a child for the better part of 5 minutes . i stood solemnly by his side . newline  do me a favor . if you find stace , tell her i love her .  newline i did nt respond . i just stood there . like a mournful solider . newline with that , derek took the shard of glass and slit his wrists . slowly . when he finished , he dropped the glass and took off full sprint at my new family . he flailed his arms trying to spray his blood as far as he could  to infect every person possible before dying . newline derek made it only about 5 steps before taking 7 bullets directly to the head . his body fell lifeless to the dirt . newline i did find stace . i never told her about derek . newline newline newlinethey say a name can define you . even change your life . and the metatron does just that . newline newline it was the pinacle of quantam computing . feed it a child s name , and a sample of his dna , and it would give him another name , a name that perfectly describes who he will be : his wants , his desires , his legacy . it is his name . newline newline and long ago , the elders decided that we would not be immediately christened with our names . instead the machine merely caches this information and , on our eighteenth birthdays , we stand before our entire community . our dna is fed back through , and the metatron declares our name to all . newline newline today is my naming . newline newline samuel dorning is first . he stands tall and confident as he waits , his hands clasped behind him . his parents clap and cheer as he is named  leader  . i m not surprised , he s always had a presence . newline newline next is pam green , an insignificant girl who blinks quickly as she avoids the crowd s gaze . her eyes widen as the word booms .  advocate  a few onlookers murmer , but none laugh . she will grow into this name  the metatron is never wrong . newline newline the line grows shorter as the names ring out , some welcome , some disappointing .  lover   overindulger   chronicler   deceiver  with each one my stomach ties itself in another knot . newline newline finally it is my turn . i walk before the people , every eye trained on me . i shove my hands into my pockets to keep them still . the time seems to stretch to infinity . finally a single word pierces the air . a collective gasp rises from the throng gathered , and a few scream . i see eyes narrow and fists clench , but of course no one says a word . the metatron is never wrong . newline newline blood begins to thud inside my temples . i do nt understand , i want to scream . i do nt ... i never ... but in the end i nod to the elders , ignoring their faces , still twisted in surprise , and walk to the other side , wondering at my future . newline newline they say a name can define you . even change your life . but what kind of name is  childkiller  ?the air was crisp , the blackened room illuminated with blue by a single computer monitor . the only audible sounds were the soft hum of the computer fan and the crunching of cool ranch doritos , with the soft pattering of footsteps growing in the distance . light poured into the room followed by the face of a young man .  mr. newell , sir , a new wave of protesters are outside again , and we ve received word from multiple departments about hackers stealing more information . what should we do ?  a single dorito fell to the floor . mr. newell scooted his chair from his desk to the window on the other side of the room , leaning hard against the glass with his forearm as he surveyed his kingdom . newline newline  this ... can be fixed  he gasped out .  we need to ... . to hold cough them off..  his voice trailed as he rolls his chair back through the sea of mountain dew cans to a filing cabinet ,  until the game is ... ready  he opens the cabinet to pull out a family size bag of cool ranch doritos .  get me more hot pockets  newell moaned . newline newline  sir please , we need to do something quick . i can have an intern fetch you more hot pockets soon but we need to have a plan first !  newline newell frowns ,  oh yeah i forgot ... heh ... uh yeah i know what to do about this . yeah , we need ... a sale !  newline newline  mr. newell , the steam summer sale ended a week ago , we ca nt have another sale !  newell removed his glasses , accidentally snapping one of the hinges in the process . he squinted hard and sighed a deep sigh . newline newline  90  off everything . do it .  newline newline  sir there s no way i can do that  newline newline  dont.. make me tell you twice mark !  newline newline  no , we ca nt do it !  said the lanky man at the doorway , flipping on the light switch causing mr. newell to recoil in pain .  i know that there was a secret development team that was scheduled to have half life 3 completed a year ago ! we both know it s here , and only you can end this . if not for the sake of your company , or employees , release the damn game for the people out there !  newline newline mr. newell had a blank expression . newline newline  i m sorry sir , i was out of line i  newline newline  i want you to make ... an announcement mark  marks ears perked up with excitement . newline newline  yes sir , i d be thrilled . what would you like for me to send to pr ?  newline newline  tell ... them that uh ... in two months we ...  a smile creeps upon his face  will be releasing left 4 dead 3 .  in complete shock , he shakes his head slightly , than realizes the futility in further protest .  yes sir .  newline newline  good ... good ... heh  newell chuckled as he returns to his computer . he was just wrapping up a new trolling meme he had been working on , and the timing was impeccable . he paused briefly to open a folder titled  lastwill  . his dorito covered fingers left a cool ranch trail on the screen where he dragged them , before turning away in pain . his eyes tear up , and he shuts down his computer . newline newline newlineloudmouth allstars alarm goes off https : www.youtube.comwatch ? v5xxqs34umx4 newline newline newline  urmmrgggg  i kicked around in my bed sheets , i want five more minutes but i ve slept past my previous 2 alarms . newline newline newline  another day huh ?  i thought to myself before slowly and crippling i rise from my bed . song still playing by the way . newline newline newline newline  time to get ready ... maybe i can just get away with cologne .  i thought to myself too lazy to want to shower . newline newline newline i mean why not ? im single , i work harder then most of my other coworkers . my normal routine normally goes like above . i have no purpose to my life other then blue collar work , and i do nt mind it . i have my pc after all , that s all i thought i needed . trying to become pro at a game ill call lol , getting bored after so many years and switching games more then tiger woods switches girls . nothing is stable , even my job at a dog boarding house . newline newline newline let s skip this pretense setting , my days about to get strange . newline newline after deciding to skip that shower , i put on my cologne , and head out to my 2004 ford f150 , starting it up and driving off to work . i love my job btw , but taking care of 4050 dogs is nt something to slack off to . i m with a few useless coworkers today also . life should be simple , really . newline newline newline  hey can you grab those rugs on the little dog side i said to tyson , a long standing coworker of two years . he normally does nt like to be told what to do but he was compliant today with me . newline newline newline i ended up getting off around 1pm , and decided to stop at a mexican restaurant for a burrito on the go . i was short a dollar and i asked if four dollars was enough vs the normal five , she took the four dollars . today s turning out to be pretty good . my luck has to be used up about now , this days been easy . newline newline newline believe or or not i spent an entire week before noticing that everything i ask happens . i marked it up as a coincidence or luck , but this was to frequent . newline newline newline  oh well .  i shrugged it off yet again , not understanding the world was already in my control . i did nt know at the time , and would nt for a while , but the more i talked and asked others , even the dogs , they all obeyed . the dogs did nt strike me as irregular , i ve been with the business for 5 years and most if not all those dogs , new or veterans to daycare , respected me more then the other employes . i hate humans , let me say this , i despise them , but animals are different , they do what they need to do to survive . i respect their will to live as i ve never been confident in my desire to . newline newline newline i get off work a month after i had awoken to my powers without knowing . i only made sense of it after a few weeks of finding out . it was always weird how i could command everyone and everything . to be honest , i was nt really surprised , i was kinda used to being an analytical bystander , an outcast as society calls us antisocials . so you can imagine if you are like me , how i felt discovering this power . i abused it at first . i got everything i wanted including a paid leave for almost 6 months while i played lol and various other games . newline newline newline i grew bored quickly , even through a microphone or typing in chat , people listened to me . everything started to lose purpose at this point . i had and could achieve anything with but a sentence . i never had to try , i got whatever i wanted and it only took a year to become the next president by impeachment . i now had control of a state , what could i do with the world ? newline newline newline  i could make peace worldwide !  i thought . yeah , let s get rid of all the bad people , so i made a speech for just that , and it happened . we had global peace , all of us worked together for a few years , everyone dropped both their religious beliefs and racial pride . a few years went by , 5 to be exact , and my last reelection could nt hold a candle to my power . humanity would take to new levels and we would all surpass gods . it was nt that way at all , we had achieved world peace , but the ambition to be better then others halted progress . newline newline newline newline there was no need to do so unless i spoke it . people just lost motivation , sharing everything , living together , being genuinely kind people . i realized only a few years later that light cant exist without a shadow . i needed to create evil , so i started wars again . progress resumed and i had a lot to think about . i had become this world s god , and i understood the suffering i spent in my years growing up before i gaining this power . god was almighty and benevolent , but he needed to let evil take route , and then have us , his own children , make our own choices . only to be blamed for and hated against for such negative outcomes . i had become a god , but it was empty ... . newline newline newline 10 years had passed by and i decided my time of rule was over , i did nt want this for myself . there s no point to being god because you have everything already , it s a hard feeling to feel , let alone accept . newline newline newline i made my last speech before resigning , and decided that the world should now collectively make their own decisions . i moved to desolated wilderness and remained there till i died . i leave my legacy and teachings to my one and last apprentice .between the euphrates and the tigris rivers , a very long time ago .  newline newline the door opened abruptly , revealing a tall figure in the gray robes of the tyro . her face was the perfect vision of worry , as her eyes adjusted to the bright light of the room and fixed upon a purplerobed man hunched before a giant mechanical sphere . newline newline  everyone has evacuated the city . the walls are fallen and the ships have withdrawn !  newline newline  and yet the heart remains ,  the man turned around , his wrinkled face twitching into half a grin . newline newline standing half again the height of the tyro , the sphere was a buzzing , whirring machine encased in large , bronze plates that reflected the light of the evening sun onto the smooth , marble floors of the hall it stood in . the sound was not so loud as to deafen , but seemed still to carry itself to every corner , filling the air with its urgent presence . newline newline the tyro was unmoved from her own urgency .  honorable master ,   for she did not know his name  ,  we must leave at once . heart of the city this once was , but we have no use for it now . we have urgent use.. ,  she stopped , embarrassed for a moment , and rephrased ,  ... urgent need of you.  newline newline as she spoke , she cast around the room to try to find some motive for his dangerous delay . the furniture and other trappings had long since been removed , but now in their place were strewn dozens , if not hundreds , of wooden crates filled with all manner of orchid , and daisy , and fern , and shrub . by the look of it , the master had moved all of the garden into the hall . beneath the sphere itself a small pyramid of baked clay bricks took the place of the golden pedestal that had been its former seat . and finally she saw scattered around the purplerobe all of the screws that had held the bronze plates in place . even as she finished speaking , he began to gently lift the first plate off of the machine to reveal the dark iron tubes and caps and canisters within . newline newline  it is an ugly thing to look at naked , is it not ?  the man said .  no wonder we hide it behind the bronzeworkers  artifices . but we have need of its nakedness now . come , you will help me , tyro.  newline newline the woman turned and shut and bolted the door behind her , then darted over to the master to assist him . newline newline duty urged her to continue to plea for haste , but curiosity dared her to ask what all of this was for . newline newline  i believe ,  the man explained ,  that the council has made certain errors with their present contingency plans . catastrophic errors.  the man s expression darkened slightly .  but ,  he added , smiling once more ,  i shall soon set it all to rights , as they have always trusted me to do.  newline newline another pair of plates clattered on the ground , and the buzzing of the machine grew louder as its prison was dismantled . newline newline  we must tell the council at once , surely.  newline newline  they will not listen.  newline newline  they will listen to you.  newline newline another clattering . but from far off the woman thought that she heard something else as well . she tried to push it from her mind . newline newline  the council will not feel that it has time to listen . in that , if nothing else , they are right . can they come down and effect some small change ?  newline newline the tyro frowned in confusion .  they can ,   and she began to quote  ,   ... with thunderous roar and mighty calamity..  ,  the master cut her off . newline newline  big things ! sweeping gestures or grand endeavors . but what is needed now is the tossing of the smallest of pebbles into a lake , or planting a seed into rocky ground.  newline newline clank , clank , and the sphere stood nearly bare . as the echoes faded away , the faint sound from before came again , but much louder . they were on their way . newline newline the woman stepped back .  we have no time  i must bring you back ! we must get you back alive ...  newline newline  many years ago , when i was garbed in the humble gray , as you are now , i was given a task.  the man continued patiently to strip the machine .  it was impressed upon me the importance of my task , even hinted that failure should bring me infamy and exile . as with your task , mine too was to convince a stubborn old man from his designs . and as with yours , it was a task that proved impossible.  newline newline the tyro s heart sank with the man s last words . they were uttered with firm finality . in that moment she imagined her light gray robes turning into the black robes that corpses wore . but a bloodred anger stirred in her stomach as well . newline newline  you condemn me with your words . our stories do not run in parallel up to the end  you were clearly forgiven your mistake  i shall not be forgiven mine ! if i can not return with you , i can not return.  newline newline  i made no mistake ,  the master snapped back . he cast the last bronze plate off with a fury and it rung out louder than the rest .  and neither have you ,  he continued , more gently .  except in supposing that the council are gods , whose commandments carry the weight of prophecy and whose condemnations are no different than death . you are right that your story will end differently than mine . times now are dire , and empathy will be in short supply . in their heart of hearts , the council will know that i stayed for reasons of my own from which no neophyte would be able to move me . but such sense will not reach their heads . you can not return to them.  newline newline a loud booming noise could be heard now at the door the woman had entered from . her head filled with images of scales and tails and her nose imagined the foul scents of slime and dirt . she steadied herself and breathed deeply . newline newline  than i shall stand with you ... and fall with you.  newline newline  a harder fate awaits you , i fear ,  the master replied .  you will leave this place , and carry upon your shoulders the burden of a failing that was not yours . when we are shortly parted , flee the dying sun : head east.  newline newline the man unslung a large , obsidian staff and tapped it lightly on the ground . the tile of marble the woman was standing on suddenly rose up beneath her , even reaching past the height of the walls until she was surrounded on all sides by open sky . newline newline looking down , the spacious hall appeared but a small room . all around it lay the sprawling metropolis she d once called home . hundreds and thousands of homes stretching to the very walls and towers . all now were burning . and as she adjusted her eyes once again to the darkness , she could see , or perhaps just sense , the teeming masses moving within and without . newline newline the sphere glowed as a small circle , and illuminated a tiny speck next to it . as she watched , more specks approached , slowly surrounding the man below . there was a stillness to the scene , and she could feel the beating of her heart in her chest . she counted one , two , three , four , before the selfsame stillness was broken by a blinding flash of light coming from the sphere , following almost immediately by a crack as loud as thunder . the flash stretched out in bolts in all directions from the sphere , reaching every side of the room . newline newline when it subsided she looked desperately for some sign of life , but the brightness of the flash still affected her and the sphere was glowing no more . a silence took hold as well as she realized that the faint buzzing of the sphere had stopped . newline newline it was soon replaced by a deep rumbling , coming not from the sphere , but from the whole room . the pillar she was kneeling on itself began to shake , and after a few moments she could see the walls begin to tremble . with the same suddenness with which she d risen , the entirety of the hall beneath her , that makeshift garden with the strange sphere , sank into the earth . a ripple of destructive force flowed out in an oval around it , and as the pillar beneath her fell she could see the rest of the city collapse into ruin , swept away by the movement of the earth . newline newline when her steed of marble approached the level of the ground around her , its descent slowed and finally stopped . dirt and sand and wood and brick and other things best not to think about had flowed into the hole the hall had left and so she stood now only perhaps forty feet above the crater that was left . grooves in the pillar let her climb down slowly to the bottom , and then she scrambled quickly up the side and out into ruins . looking back once to the sun , eve set off .dear mr surugaba ,  do you prefer prince surugaba ? sorry ! i ve never spoken to a prince before .  newline newline thank you for your email , the financial troubles you find yourself in shock me . you re unable to keep your huge fortune unless you find an external entity to handle the money for a few months ? i guess i ve never understood nigerian banking . newline anyway , i d be more than happy to help you out , what sort of human being would i be if i did nt ? ! i can completely assure you that you will have the money returned , a few months ago i came into a lot of money , and my bank stores that fine , what you re sending to me is only half of what i already have , so please do nt worry that i ll take your money . newline as per request i ve attached scans of the front and back of my debit card for this account as well as my most recent statement . newline i hope this reaches you in time so that you do nt have to part with your money completely . newline newline kind regards , newline sally fookerthe age of glory came and went , newline but the red and yellow still fly . newline such colors have seen newline the best and worst things  newline the thought of defeat newline was never among them . newline newline the final battle had started long ago , newline creating a fortress of solitude newline unknown before  and the cold newline was nothing ever dreamt of . newline newline no longer able to jump buildings newline in a single bound , sometimes even forgetting newline to come down . staring at the caped crusader , newline forgetting him , sending him to the incinerator . newline unable to call the enemy s name newline when trying to save the day . newline newline the man of steel had held immeasurable , newline but he never stopped to think  newline it might be too much .ryan handed tim the rope and he clipped it to his harness with a black carabiner . with his back to the cliff face , he leaned out over the drop like he was sitting in an imaginary chair . slowly he began to descend . newline newline  how high do you think we are ,  tim asked .  a hundred feet ?  newline newline  more like 200 ,  said ryan as he fed tim more rope . newline newline tim continued to descend until his feet reached the ground below . he unclipped the rope from his carabiner and signaled to ryan that it was ok for him to descend . newline newline when ryan was halfway down the cliff , he began to spin uncontrollably . tim knew if ryan could nt stop the spin , the rope would become twisted , putting incredible pressure on the carabiner . too much pressure and the carabiner would break  hurtling ryan to the ground . with still 100 feet to go , he would almost certainly die on impact . newline newline wasting no time , tim raced around to the back side of the cliff where the slope allowed him to run up to the top . in just a few minutes he was clipped into the rescue rope . as fast as he could , while maintaining control , he descended to ryan s location . the spinning had stopped but the rope was completed twisted . he could see the corner of the carabiner was starting to turn white as the rope increased its pressure . newline newline  ryan , you ok ? cmon talk to me man .  newline newline he slapped ryan s face to try and wake him up but it was not working . he must ve slammed into the rock face during the spin and knocked himself unconscious . newline newline tim knew he had to somehow get ryan hooked to the rescue rope before the carabiner snapped . he just hoped the rope would hold both of them long enough to get them to the ground . newline newline he reached down and took a carabiner off his harness and snapped it to ryan s . slowly he looped the rescue rope into the carabiner and pulled a knife out of his pocket . he knew the twisted rope would not allow him to remove the other carabiner from ryan s harness so he used the knife to cut the rope above the twist . with the last strand of rope severed , ryan s weight rested entirely on the rescue rope . newline newline the salesman at sporting goods store said it was rated to hold 400 pounds . tim was pushing 220 . he did nt know what ryan weighed but he estimated to be about 180 pounds . between the two of them they d be testing that weight limit . newline newline with ryan securely fastened to tim , they began to descend . just a few feet at first . slowly , they began to pick up speed . tim was having trouble slowing them down . turning around , he could see the ground some 20 feet below him coming up fast . he squeezed the brake as hard as could . 15 feet , 10 feet , 5 feet . boom ! newline newline dust hung in the air like a cloud . tim coughed and spit out what he could . they had made it . slowly he picked himself up off the ground and turned around . a few feet to his left , sitting on a rock in the shade of the cliff sat ryan drinking a gatorade . newline newline  it s about time ,  said ryan laughing .  what took you so long ?  newline newline newline story by luke boyd newlineit began as a whisper , an autumn breeze blowing through trees , a commotion of the tiniest register . newline newline the doctors had warned of the possible side effects , but at the end of the day no one knew exactly what could be expected . at the time , lack of information seemed unimportant compared to the possibilities after all , was nt that the price of progress ? people were always scared of the unknown . it was a trait of humanity , embedded in our history . many before me had faced the unknown , and risen above the greater challenges life presented , trudging through to cast a small amount of light into that great dark . newline newline it had seemed absurd to view my misgivings in light of these sacrifices . with curiosity  and no small amount of pride  , i filled out the applications for review , and waited with baited breath for any communication to return . in my most private moments i would dream of the progress to be made , viewing myself already as a martyr to the cause , even before i was chosen to participate . like so many before me , i fell prey to the human condition . i fell prey to my ambition , and over reached . and now like icarus i was spiraling , ever so slowly , out of the sky . newline newline all had gone well . the procedure had seemingly went off without a hitch and i , the herald , awoke to this newly wrought age . no fanfare announced my success , however , and there was no parade in my honor . it seemed in my haste to achieve my spot in history , i had forgotten an important caveat : there are no parades for lab rats . newline newline even before the day was done , the changes from the fusion were evident . the process for choosing a suitable candidate for fusion was long and arduous , and in the end the researchers had settled on a brain from a recently deceased statistician . i was the benefactor of her demise , her knowledge transferred to me , forty years of hard work condensed into the span of four hours . i was amazed with my ability to learn the material , tearing through the complex mathematics at a staggering speed . as time passed and my knowledge grew , it seemed that i had been able to cheat the system , sacrificing nothing and gaining all . newline newline what a fool i was .  newline newline near the end of the fourth week it began . it was so small at first that it was indiscernible from the rest of my thoughts , surfacing occasionally in the dark hours of the night , right before sleep would steal over me . the sound of a name floating in from the void , a name that was nt mine . newline newline it progressed from there . bits and pieces of a life lived , of memories stolen . the voice grew more insistent in its prodding , not just a name anymore but a full voice . it cries out to me constantly now , its fury ever increasing . newline newline until i do what it wants . newline newline                                    newline sorry for the abrupt ending , started doing something else and wanted to post what i wrote .my adult life centers around the avoidance of left turns on the roadway . as far back as i can remember , i  ve known that a drunk driver would take my life at the age of 31 by smashing into my car as i turned left onto a main thoroughfare from a side street . this was no ordinary premonition  i could feel the truth of my knowledge deep in my bones . newline newline thirtyone seemed like an impossibly old age at first . i had years and years to figure out how to avoid the situation and save my own life . this is what anyone would do with the same information , of course . as i grew older , i started thinking about the possible solutions . i went to college and studied civil engineering and urban planning  if i could somehow reduce the number of times where i  d need to make a left turn , i would naturally shrink my chance of death . newline newline unfortunately , my idea of converting all intersections in the city into traffic circles was not popular with the decision makers . my suggestion of positioning dui checkpoints immediately before every intersection was even more unpopular , and i was written up for  unrealistic analysis.  newline newline if the city refused to change its ways , i would simply change my own habits . in my late twenties , i started crafting routes to work , the grocery store , and the other places i frequented , routes where i could reach my destination while only making right turns . i wanted to get used to driving in this manner before i turned 31 and it became a matter of life and death . newline newline long nights were spent poring over a road atlas with a highlighter before i decided to learn programming . i would write my own gps app where i could program routes to avoid left turns ! it was the perfect solution , but could i finish in time ? newline newline today i am 31 years , 1 week , and 3 days old . i haven  t slept in days and am afraid to leave the house . worse , i still have nt learned how to program a working gps for myself . since i don  t know the precise date of my death , i may have avoided it already and not even know it . i feel as though i am losing my mind , and i know my sanity will be ever more fragile as the days count down toward my thirtysecond birthday . newline newline my fears have changed , and i now realize that i wasted my life in seeking superficial solutions . now , the risk is obvious . i will grow tired from the constant suspense , the nonstop worry about the exact day i  m supposed to die . eventually , i will drive my car to the end of the street in the middle of the night and flip on my left turn signal . newlinethey fell in love at the moscow state university . rosmanov was a astrophysics and aeronautical engineering major , ilya was completing her phd in ancient history . rosmanov loved the way her hair flowed in the harsh winter gales , ilya never particularly paid him much attention at first but was eventually intrigued by his constant , longing , teenage gaze . they eyed each other from opposite ends of the campus and over time their orbits began to slowly draw closer through mutual friends , shared acquaintances and suchlike . finally , they spoke at length at a mutual friends apartment . they were inseparable from that moment . newline newline one or the other would sneak into the dormitories late at night . they  d spend a few hours in each others simple , single beds . it was family friendly fun , the odd kiss here and there . they were too innocent to even contemplate intercourse , instead enjoying cuddles as saccharine as a disney liaison . newline newline he finished his education first and in no time at all secured a position with the soviet space programme . he was top of his class in engineering and went on to excel in the practice as well . he was most famous for developing a locking mechanism that could remotely uncouple potential space crafts from rocket engines past earth  s atmosphere . it was named the rosmanov lock after him , though not by his choice as he was immensely modest . newline newline in the midst of his studies , he married ilya , who by now had finished her phd , became a lecturer at the university , and had become pregnant with their first child . all was going swimmingly for the rosmanov dynasty . little kris was born in the midst of the russian summer , and romanov was given a blessing and 2 months leave to spend with his family . unheard of at that time , but such was romanov  s respect and admiration at the space programme that special privileges were given without begrudgement . after all , it would be some time before romanov could see his wonderful , young family after that time period , for romanov was heading up the cosmonaut pioneer programme , who would be venturing into space for the first time , a full 10 years before the americans could even dream of leaving earth  s soil . newline newline the 2 months went far too fast . they fit as much as they could into that short summer period , visiting all friends and family , seeing sites they  d always meant to visit , they even received an invitation to the kremlin  a family portrait taken on the day still hangs in one of the kremlins many gilded corridors . they rarely left one another  s side , romanov did all he could to look upon his family , he stared as he used to stare at ilya from across the courtyard , trying his best to burn images of them into his retinas and brain for the long , endless night that was to follow . newline newline then the day came , romanov and ilya and little kris all made their way to the moscow federal space station . romanov left his family at the spectators gallery and donned his jumpsuit . he walked up the gangway with his comrades titov and dubrovski . at the top at the ships entrance they turned and waved at the huge crowd , film cameras on stilts filming the whole event . the cheers were vast , fit enough for the royalty of old . the three of them turned and entered the ship , ready each one of them to change history . newline newline as the ship readied , romanov felt a pang of despair in his gut . could he really manage a month away from his beloved ? the most they  d ever accomplished was a day or so away from one another , which at the time felt trying enough . no . he had trained long and hard , worked his whole life towards this goal . his wife was proud of him and he had a beautiful , strong baby boy to come home to on their heroic return . newline newline blast off . newline newline newline newline the first sign of trouble came on the second or third day . romanov was plastered to the viewing window , hand touching the triple reinforced glass , and gazing hurtfully at the halo of earth below . none of the men were particularly emotionally open , so the best the two of them could manage was a commiserating punch on the shoulder , which sent romanov into a slow , sad spin . as the days progressed , romanov neglected a check here and a duty there , small things , but from someone who was so concerned with routine and efficiency , the errors of neglect were glaring . most of romanov  s free time in those first days consisted of him at the viewing panel , or gazing hurtfully at a photo of his family . newline newline romanov remembered the joy ilya gave , the swell of happiness little kris brought on his arrival into the world , and he felt such bitterness inside that he could not have them here with him to see the majesty of space . all the pride he may have felt for being one of the first humans to leave earth was completely overshadowed by his sadness from being apart from his family . he began to feel physical pain whenever the thoughts of his sweet wife came into his head . over time , the pain worsened and became almost unbearable . newline newline as the days went on titov and dubrovski learned to cover up the small errors with grace . after all , who could predict what a month in space could do to any of them ? romanov over time looked increasingly ill , spots began to appear on his skin , and his breath stank of candies and sweets , distinctly like mint humbugs . his skin was pudgy and pale , and his energy levels seemed to reduce as his despair grew . after three weeks in space , trajectory set for their slow descent back to earth , romanov could barely muster the energy to roll out of his bunk . there were no measures to contact ground control , so the two cosmonauts did all they could from basic manuals to care for their leader . romanov rocked from side to side in bouts of pain , often speaking his wife  s name over and over again .  ilya , my dear ilya , what i would do to see your face again , sweet ilya.  newline newline the day finally came when the craft would drift back into the earth  s warm embrace , the mission a resounding success . with excitement titov and dubrovski mopped the sticky glaze of sweat from romanov  s brow .  here we are romanov , earth beckons ! we shall land in no time at all and you can be back with your family again !  they encouraged . the two men felt deep relief , that romanov would get the medical attention he so clearly needed . the small craft stank of sugar and saccharine odours , like the steam from a candy floss machine . neither man were particularly well versed in medical matters , but they knew something must be gravely wrong with romanov , perhaps some kind of cosmological illness or viral infection . newline newline 6 hours later the parachute was deployed and the craft landed in a field not 200 kilometres from the intended landing point somewhere in siberia . they activated the land beacon and waited for the welcoming party to arrive . in the mean time the men activated the door release mechanism and allowed some fresh earth air into the craft , dispelling instantly the sickly , sweet odour . they hugged one another and turned to romanov , both of them uncharacteristically beaming with happiness !  see comrade , we are home on mother russia ! think of the party they will hold for us tonight !  newline newline romanov smiled weakly , he licked his lips and expectorated a deep , wet glob of clear phlegm from his lungs .  ilya , ilya my sweet sweet love.  he closed his eyes and slept with the first look of contentment the other two had seen since the trip began . newline newline by the time the rescue party arrived , romanov had died . he received a state funeral which was attended by stalin himself . his wife and son kris never wanted for anything for the rest of their lives . western textbooks whitewash the success of romanov , titov and dubrovski , unwilling to admit that russian cosmonauts , mere peasants , could have beaten the great superpowers into space . nonetheless , that year the great romanov was responsible for two historic firsts , their astronautical achievement , and something altogether more unexpected . newline newline the pathologist investigating romanov  s untimely passing made a career from his findings . the condition was called kilinkov  s cardioglycoplasty , after the pathologist . when romanov  s thorax was opened up , muscle tissue , blood and bile was found to have massively abnormal levels of sugar within . his arteries were literally clogged up with icing . romanov had died from a broken heart caused by buildup of plaques of sugar . in his heartache his body had tried to replicated the feelings of love he held for his darling ilya . the closing statement of the pathologist report was carved into the headstone of the great romanov , as a reminder of his ultimate love . newline newline  distance makes the heart grow fondant laria s hand was cool compared to the viscera that coated stutgard s face , his arms , his back . it was the gelid touch of the grave , but when he looked into her eyes , he saw life , and life abundant . newline newline  my love ?  she whispered , pulling at his head , trying to bring his lips to hers . but his neck was too stiff , it would not bend .  oh my love , what is going on ?  newline newline stutgard looked past his reborn wife , surveying levelly the carnage around the altar he had built . built from the remains of his god . newline newline  i have freed you , l ... laria .  for some reason he could nt bring himself to call her love .  the word felt wrong , clinging to his tongue with insectile pincers rather than bursting out as it once had .  i have freed you that we might be together again .  he said it with as much conviction as he possessed , which turned out to be very little . a sob burst from laria behind him . newline newline  oh god , why do you torment me ? what vision of horror is this ? what wounds did i cause in life that you salt me so viciously ! ?  newline newline  ease yourself , wife . this is not a vision of doom .  he slunk over to the body of the solider that had wrenched his short sword from him during the final confrontation . the armored man was slumped against the ruins of a pillar , cradling the implement that had spilled his intestines over the stone floor . stutgard kicked the man over to free his blade but ... what was this ? this was only a child , a small boy no older than viktor , clad in a man s armor . the helmet , so oversized on the adolescent skull , concealed the features of the boy s face , but there was no doubt from the size of the body . newline newline  why do you speak lies when your very words reveal themselves as such ? who are you , vile demon , that you torment me with images of such death ? the lives of so many , crushed at that hands of my peaceful husband ? is there nothing sacred to you ?  newline newline stutgard turned back to the pure form of his wife , the women he had traveled hundreds of leagues , had slain thousands of men for . she was spotless , arrayed in white lilies that rebuked the crimson gore coating the floor , the walls , the ceiling . he cocked his head , as he always did when trying to grasp something he did nt quite understand . laria caught the gesture , and a horrid realization sent her crashing to the floor . newline newline  no , stutgard ,  she moaned , bringing both hands up to her neck as if she was choking on this grim reality .  tell me it is nt you .  newline newline stutgard turned from her then , back towards the corpse of the boy , finding her a distraction from a problem that was troubling him deeply . he heard her crying , sobbing uncontrollably as if from a great distance . the sound beat against his ears , but those had become immune to such long ago . newline newline eventually , after laria had spent her newly restored grief on the man she had once called her husband , she began to shuffle around the domed mausoleum , visiting each and every corpse . as she turned them over , her sorrow built and was released anew . newline newline  oh , priest malakai ,  she breathed , closing the bloodied eyes of the man who had shaped her faith since her infancy . newline newline  oh , sweet , sweet hoyle ,  she breathed , turning away from the shredded corpse of the town blacksmith . newline newline  mother !  she screamed , cradling the broken face of her wrinkled progenitor . newline newline around and around she went , madness growing heavy on her shoulders as she identified the remains of near half her village , splayed around the altar of her resurrection in some twisted picture of worship . finally , she dragged herself to the altar itself , only to be greeted by the still smoking remains of her god , impaled with the broken shaft of his mythical spear . she caressed ever so gently his lifeless face , seeking the comfort he had so readily offered her when she first crossed into the underworld . how , but how had this happened ? newline newline  ah ,  stutgard sighed .  now i see .  newline newline he reached down , deft fingers unclasping the helm from the corpse of the boy , and was met with face of his son , viktor . newline newline  yes , that is what was bothering me ,  he said , placing the helm on his own head .  this boy was wearing my armor .  newline newline he took his time in removing the rest of the intricate metal casings , pieces that had been handed down to him from his father , to him from his father s father , to him from his father s father s father . he had never worn the armor before himself , always feeling as if donning the suit was an act of the severest blasphemy . he had no such qualms now . newline newline  viktor !  laria cried , as stutgard approached the altar of the dead god , revealing to her the corpse of her only son .  viktor !  she cried , right before the armor clad figure separated her head from her shoulders . newline newline  victor ,  the newly birthed god said , tasting the word as he squatted upon the body of his predecessor .  yes . my name is victor .  really , ari ? do i have to meet another friend of yours ?  jennifer stein ran a hand through her hair , chewing on her lip .  do i look okay ?  newline newline  you re gorgeous as always . i still do nt know how you make your hair look so perfect all the time ,  her friend smiled . ariella s party had taken a quiet note and most people were chatting or dancing poorly to the music being played .  besides , beth has been dying to meet you ! she s a paralegal  you re a lawyer . you two would be great coworkers , at least .  newline newline  similar hobbies does not a good friendship make , my lovely girl .  jenny smiled thinly .  show me a seat , my leg s acting up again .  newline newline  oh , right !  ariella walked with her to the couch , and the brunette of the pair sat down . the redhead clapped her hands .  i see her ! give me one second , she s such a darling .  newline newline  i really hope she is nt one of those people who s attached to their phones and wants to show me every youtube video ever made ,  she whined as ariella walked away . jenny leaned back in her seat , fussing with her shirt somewhat . without her cane , she felt vulnerable and her unseeing eyes stared unfocused into the distance . newline newline  jenny , can i get your hand ?  ariella s voice reached her ears and she raised her head with her hand , frowning . an unfamiliar , longfingered hand with a short palm wrapped around hers in a handshake .  jenny , this is beth . beth , this is jenny .  newline newline  ello !  newline newline  wonderful to meet you , beth ,  she said with a smile . when there was no response , her smile faded .  do i disappoint her ?  newline newline  nno , um . i ... may have forgotten a few details in my excitement to get you two acquainted . jenny , beth ... beth is deaf .  ariella turned to beth and pointed at her own eyes .  beth ? jenny s blind .  beth nodded and turned to jenny with a nervous frown , signing shortly .  i know you can lip read , but she ca nt see your hands .  newline newline a crashing noise took their attention and ariella shrieked ,  that s my china cabinet , you fucks !  before running to deal with the rabble . beth and jenny stared after her , before the former sank into the couch next to the latter . jenny turned her head to her new acquaintance but said nothing , just raised her eyebrows . beth snickered  then so did jenny  before both burst into full laughter . newline newline once their chuckles subsided , they sat back and observed the party  jenny picked out the beat in every song played and beth giggled as she watched people fail miserably at seducing each other . eventually , jenny had an idea and picked up her phone .  siri , open my notes .  newline newline  opening notes ...  newline newline the screen that popped up let her say a few words and she tapped beth s shoulder after turning around a bit . beth blinked at her before seeing the screen . newline newline i understand you re a paralegal looking for work ? my firm is hiring , if you re interested ! :   newline newline  ah !  beth grinned and took the phone after jenny offered it , typing her own message in . thanks to the settings jenny had put in place , the little computer read it aloud ,   i would love to ! finding work s hard when you ca nt hear people telling you what you re supposed to be doing with yourself .   newline newline  great . let s not worry about work right now though .  jenny smiled .  do you have any favorite movies ?  newline newline   fucking yes , i do !   beth s grin could have split her face in two .   top three in no particular order . the avengers , frozen , and   newline newline at the same time , jenny said ,  pacific rim !  they stared at each other before breaking into laughter anew , hugging each other . this would be the start of a fantastic friendship , for sure . newline newline 001 , january 1st january 2ndhi ! i think you have an interesting story here  however , the formatting and the lack of editing are distracting . some suggestions : newline newline  break down dialogue so that there is a new paragraph when a new person is talking . newline newline  clearly mark , with line breaks or asterisks or something , where jaron s diary entries begin and end . newline newline  in general , try to separate your long paragraphs into shorter ones . newline newline  watch out for sentence fragments  e.g .  the iron bars curling around , creating the image of antlers of a caribou or moose .   newline newline on the content , i liked the setting , and the concept of visiting a strange scientist who s up to no good is a rich one that you can explore in so many ways ! newline newline when writing about how things move forward , do nt be afraid to cut out events that are tedious .  i ve made this critique a few times now , so you are nt alone .  for example , i read a lot about detail about jaron getting out of his carriage , bradbury passing tea , eating a tuna sandwich for lunch . i know that it may seem awkward when writing to omit details like this , since in real life , getting from a to b involves a ton of banal little steps , but all this stuff can be cut out . newline newline the drugs bradbury was using on the lepers are also too modern for the 1890s . lsd was nt synthed until decades later , ditto sodium amytal . newline newline i do think that with some editing and work on the pace , this could be a good story . exploring the mystery of what bradbury is doing with the lepers  instead of having him come off as evil almost right away  might be a good idea  i.e . he and jaron could become friendly with one another , and jaron interested in his scientific discoveries , and the fact that he s a total madman could be revealed more slowly  and terrifyingly !  newline newline congrats and good luck ! newlinemany people do many things that may put a streak on their aura , very rarely is it that you find someone with an aura pure as a white rabbit . although you can see where people change . they leave fingerprints whenever their aura darkens or gets lighter . it makes for a messy world really . the brightest souls are usually babies , new borns , not yet tinted . being with this gift torments me , quite blunt yes , but it s the vague truth . walking down the street is no fun ordeal let me tell you . a suffocating world of black , grey and whites has its own toll . i look in the mirror and see a 50 year old women with blonde hair tinted white and gray , instead of the 32 year old i am today . it s not the best seeing your friends grow darker and darker through each day with mistake after mistake . today was supposed to be a fun day . i was visiting my grandparents for the first time in maybe five or so years , i was sad i would nt be able to see grandpa . newline he had passed away from an accidental gunshot wound when he had went on one of his hunting sprees . i pulled up to the fading house , stepping out of my cheap blue convertible . newline the aroma of sweet cookies swelled from the paint chipped walls . i knocked on the pale pink door of her house waving at the lighter than normal neighbor who was working on his fresh garden . newline there was a scurrying of feet that progressed closer and closer to the door , i faintly heard a lock slid from its spot in the door as it creaked open . black swelled up around me like i was swimming in a pool of spilled ink . i sucked in a quick breath as my face paled . i greeted my own grandma . a women with an aura seeping with black as dark as the midnight oasis . i smiled tightly stuttering out a faint  hhow are you ?  . she grinned back , not as kindley as i had remembered and suddenly i noticed a mounted hunting rifle with white that faded to black fingerprints .nsfw newline newline                                         newline newline gently leaning into his chest , she ran her index fingers down the side of each of his arms before clasping his hands . her breathing rate increased as she pressed him against the cold brick wall round the back of the club . while she worried about infection , having done it so close to the ruderal plants residing by the dumpster , she realised it would be no worse than anything nosocomial . at least he had a condom . newline newline newline his hands felt around her back , and smoothly lifted her tshirt over her head , then unclipped her bra . she slid her hand into his underwear , and his penis experienced thigmotropism like never before  the helitropic expansion erected a large tent in the front of his trousers . as he removed the rest of his clothes and rolled the plastic jacket onto his penis , she began removing the rest of hers . newline newline newline the thigmonasty she felt when he stuck it in her was indescribable . its sclerous touch left her shaking even after they had finished . to top it all off , however , she removed the condom and began to suck him dry . his semen was brackish , at best , but the whole experience was the perfect way to end the evening . newline newline newline the police showing up certainly extirpated the heated atmosphere , and left them both utterly speechless .there was once a princess in black cotton and fine silk who was slated to rule from her tower over the land of whisperwind . the queen and king of whisperwind were highborn , a proud and warm people with ale flowing free in their great meadhall as young harts sizzled and crackled over the cookfires . many a tale did the princess  father tell from his carven throne , and his laughter could be heard booming across the hills many nights and more . during the starred nights the princess could hear music rising up from the city streets to her palacechamber as a cool breeze swished the lacy curtains and colored lights flittered across her ceiling , reflected from the gaudy lanterns far below . newline newline the princess had her run of this beautiful city and her fill of clothing , trinkets , and baubles . she had a fine carriage and a brace of strong horses to conduct her , and gold aplenty in her pursestrings to purchase her every desire . she had a study high above the distractions of the city where she could sew or paint or play music as the muses moved her . she had a strong suitor , many amusements , and many fine playthings . yet ... she was nt happy . if you ve ever watched a bird flit about its cage , you ll perhaps know how she felt ... or a small part of it , anyway . newline newline one day found her making an excursion into the city dressed in plain clothes . she wished to visit a bookseller without the trappings of class and wealth , and though even her rags were finer than those of most of the commoners , she could still blend in a bit . newline newline entering the dusty bookstore she peered around in the sunbeams and motes for the ancient tome she required . the wooden floor creaked under her feet as the scent of musty paper filled her nostrils , and she spun an old globe carelessly as she passed it . it was heavenly . newline newline just as she spotted the tome she required  perched precariously on the top shelf , of course  and was reeeaaaaching up on her toes to retrieve it , a resonant voice boomed out behind her and made her jump and fall over clumsily . newline newline  bookkeep ! bookkeep ! where are you , you cursed wretch ? that treatise on the history of trexador that you sold me was missing its final ten pages !  newline newline turning a baleful eye on the newcomer , she spotted a burly man in worn leather garb and a blue tabard decorated with the bearandtree of rainwood . the silver sword hanging from a thick leather belt marked him as a noble , though the princess wondered what kind of noble would wear such plain clothing . as the man stepped closer , the princess realized that he was nt just burly , but huge  the floorboards creaked under his leather boots , and his wild aspect was accented by his sunbleached onceblack hair and a thick , trimmed beard . he looked down at her curiously before extending a hand . newline newline  pardon , madame . i did nt mean to frighten you .  newline newline she raised an eyebrow .  you could hardly frighten me .  newline newline he laughed an easy laugh as he shrugged .  is that so ? i m glad .  newline newline turning her nose up at him , she looked back at the bookshelf . he stepped back awkwardly , running one hand through his sweatdamp locks as the other seemed to search for a place to rest . newline newline  i ... ahhh ... i could help you with that , if you d like .  newline newline  hmmph ,  she snorted . he took down the book for her gingerly , as though he was afraid he might bruise it , then extended his hand again . this time she took it and stood up . newline newline  ewww ... your hand is all sweaty !  she snatched the book away from the rainsman and looked at him accusingly , realizing that her head barely came up to his chest . he shrugged apologetically as he frantically wiped his hand on his tabard . newline newline  the heat of this city ... i m not used to it . the rainwood is cooler , more hospitable ...  he was stumbling over his words , trying to complete a sentence . newline newline  you do nt find my city hospitable ?  she raised an eyebrow again . newline newline  no , no ! it s just the heat , i ...  he groaned inwardly , trying to think of something intelligent to say to this beautiful , wellspoken woman .  you re clearly a woman of letters . are you the bookkeep s daughter , by any chance ?  newline newline her eyes narrowed dangerously .  me , a common bookkeep s daughter ?  newline newline  errr ... yes ?  newline newline  no . no i am not .  newline newline  ohhh ...  he shrunk internally . newline newline  i ll have you know that i am princess catherine of the whisperwind ! second to the succession , first daughter to the king and queen of this land ! so who are you ?  newline newline he smiled impertinently , thinking well , i ve already found the measure of the trouble . now there s nothing to it but to go further , then said  i m ... nobody .  newline newline  nobody ?  she placed her arms akimbo . newline newline  why , do nt you know ?  he kept smiling ,  we of the rainwood are all nobodies ... compared to the radiance of whisperwind .  newline newline  hmm . clever . did it take you long to think of that ?  newline newline  hey  !  newline newline they both whirled as the boards creaked again and a striding , stalking figure entered the doorway . newline newline  princess catherine . i was told to seek you here .  newline newline an involuntary shudder went down her spine .  sir richard ghaunt .  newline newline  who is this boy ?  ghaunt asked , his voice like the quiet wind over october leaves . newline newline  i m jack autrey .  the bearded man drew himself to his full , considerable height though catherine thought he must still be a head shorter than ghaunt . she marveled at the height of this bookseller s ceiling for a moment . newline newline  a rainsman .  there was no question in ghaunt s tone .  i ve killed many of your kind . they are nt much of a challenge .  newline newline  so i ve heard ,  autrey replied .  wait ... i mean ...  newline newline the princess brought her palm to her forehead , then stiffened as ghaunt addressed her . newline newline  and why has this ... autrey of the rainwood ... sought a private audience with mlady ?  newline newline she shook her head .  nno reason , ghaunt . we just ran into each other in passing .  newline newline  he ran into you ?  ghaunt s voice somehow became even colder . newline newline  it ... it was an accident . just an accident .  her eyes dropped to the floor . newline newline  if you think ,  ghaunt rasped ,  that this mere ... boy ... is a finer suitor than i , or you think you re clever enough to go behind me you re mistaken , foolish girl . now , leave .  newline newline this time autrey s eyes narrowed . as he observed the princess more closely , he could see a fine line of bruises running down the right side of her face . ghaunt wore his sword across his right hip . newline newline  you re sinister , eh ghaunt ?  the autrey who had stumbled over his words was gone , replaced by a cold figure whose hand rested naturally on the pommel of his blade . newline newline  are you speaking to me without permission , boy ? must i teach you a lesson in impertinence ?  ghaunt s long , thin fingers curled around the golden hilt of his sword . newline newline autrey smiled mirthlessly .  you re sinister , ghaunt , and i ve killed plenty of your kind too . of course , i did it face to face on the battlefields of the east instead of by stabbing people in their backs or in their beds at midnight .  newline newline a flicker of recognition crossed ghaunt s face as autrey s smile widened . princess catherine found herself backing away as the two men circled each other slowly in the confined space . newline newline  i thought i wiped out all the greenslates .  ghaunt was visibly perspiring . newline newline princess catherine gasped softly . the ghaunt dynasty s role in the fall of the greenslates of rainwood was legendary  a night attack by a small force of raiders and the entire nobility of rainwood butchered in their beds . even the royal family of whisperwind had come to fear the ghaunts of ghostvale after the bloody night . newline newline  and so you did ... almost . but there s a story told in the ports and taverns that one of the greenslates was sent to war before the attack . though he was merely a bastard boy , he slaughtered the enemy on the battlefields of the east , wading through blood and steel to bring glory to his house . yet , when he came home , all he found were ashes ... ashes and graves and the bones of his family .  newline newline ghaunt snarled . newline newline  aye , i ve killed many men like you , ghaunt . and now i m going to kill one more .  newline newline they drew at the same moment , then the blades crossed with a shower of sparks . autreygreenslate s xiphos was plain , hard steel , dented in a few places , with a hilt of plain leather and an engraved silver pommel in the shape of a roaring bear ... yet the edge of the blade shone , honed with a masterful eye . ghaunt wielded a goldandsteel rapier with a master s hand , his blade engraved with silver filigree as a golden viper with rubies for eyes seemed to snake its way down his guard . the rapier was faster than the xiphos , but autreygreenslate fought with a battlefield ferocity against ghaunt s polished swordsmanship . newline newline newline greenslate struck with a gloved hand , breaking ghaunt s jaw even as ghaunt s rapier pierced the rainsman s shoulder . a great sigh of pain escaped greenslate s lips , and his sword clattered across the room as he fell to the ground with a resounding thump . ghaunt spat a long stream of blood and a couple of broken teeth at the prostrate man , then chuckled even through his broken jaw . newline newline  nnno long shhpeeches , rainshman . muh favrite part . going to hhhurt .  newline newline he drew the rapier along greenslate s cheek , adding to the pool of blood spreading across the floor . newline newline  yer eye firsht , hmmm ?  newline newline to enunciate his point , ghaunt playjabbed at the rainsman s eye with the tip of the rapier before drawing it back in a dramatic arc . there was another gasp of pain and a loud thump . greenslate looked up to see ghaunt on his knees , clutching at his spurting chest . princess catherine stood behind him with the xiphos , now bloody , panting hard . somehow greenslate managed to speak as he extended a hand . newline newline  shhh ... give it here ...  newline newline she numbly complied , and even though the blade nicked his fingertips greenslate took it from her gently and sat it on the ground . as he stood up he kicked ghaunt over , never to rise again . newline newline taking the princess in his working arm , greenslate murmured to her softly .  it s okay , it s okay . you re safe now . safe .  newline newline she trembled and pressed close to him before she started and looked into his face , seeing him as though for the first time . newline newline  princess ?  he asked breathlessly , looking deep into her eyes .so here we were , another day in science class doing more boring plant reproduction work . i mean , come on , at least make it interesting by making it human reproduction . i sneaked a glance at the hulking grey mass in the back of the room . surprisingly , nobody yet had thought to mention the fiveton african elephant in the corner of the room . i did nt want to be the first . newline newline  now , we need to cover the elephant in the room ...  droned the teacher . newline newline i almost got excited , but she just droned on and on about mammalian reproduction . science cleaning staff came and went , but simply squeezed past the elephant instead of having it removed . it trumpeted , but was ignored . finally , a horrible smell came about the classroom . a large brown pile had appeared on the old hardwood floor . this snapped the teacher , who contacted the head and had us moved from the lab and the elephant removed . to this day , nobody has ever mentioned the elephant or theorised about how it got in , considering the had to knock down an entire wall to get it back out .jeffery closed the door behind him and stepped out into the hallway . he was hurried in his movements , and would have been running if he thought it would nt disturb the patients . or the orderlies , for that matter . nobody likes a running doctor . newline newline jesus had been here long before the good doctor had transferred in . the first jesus , anyway . the second had come nearly a year after the doctor . in the world of delusions , believing yourself to be jesus is hardly enough to lock someone away . the facility here was more of a resort . no violent patients , it probably saw less trouble than the average retirement home . but now , it had two jesus s . and then there was three . newline newline what struck dr jeffery jones as odd , however , was nt that three men claimed to be the same person named jesus of nazareth . it was that the three men were all named after the apostles . mark john , phillip thomas and james matthew sat in the otherwise empty room , and if he did nt hurry , he was going to miss whatever they had to say to each other . newline newline it was risky , of course , to do this . three men with similar delusions would never be allowed in the same room under normal circumstances . three men with conflicting delusions even more so , for surely there can be only one jesus of nazareth . but they had done it anyway . they tried introducing them to each other in the presence of dr jones , but that had failed . not one word , did they say to each other . newline newline so now he was hurrying , hurrying to were he could watch them without being present in the room . he just about burst through the door into the observation room , startling his assistant as he always did . passion , he had once said , had no substitute in anything in life , including work . she sighed at him , and shook her head . newline newline  how are they ?  newline newline she frowned . newline newline  they ? you made it very clear to empty the room before we let jesus in , doctor jones .  newline newline he sighed , now , shaking his head . newline newline  very funny , abigail . whats going on ?  newline newline he made his way to the window , and frowned through the glass . where there should have been three chairs , there was only one . newline newline  he s just been sitting there . what s the joke ?  newline newline he frowned again . newline newline  where are the other two ?  newline newline  the other two what ?  newline newline  jesus s .  newline newline now abigail was frowning . newline newline  there s only one jesus , jeff . there s always only been one jesus .  newline newline he looked back at her puzzled expression before looking back through the glass . mark john looked back at him . no , maybe it was philip thomas , or was it james matthew ? the lights were too bright to tell . jesus smiled up at the doctor , and his breath caught in his throat . it was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen .she emerged from the cave , bloody and exhausted , her wand gripped closely in her hand . the sunlight blinded her momentarily while her eyes sought to readjust . after a few moments her eyesight had returned sufficiently for her to make her way down up the slope of the valley and towards lasabergweg street . there , she entered a volkswagen bug and headed to the closest town . newline newline ten minutes later she entered the city , passing a sign reading  welcome to tamsweg !  on the side of the road . after several intersections she took a right down a side street and pulled over . getting out of the car she entered a run down tavern . newline newline this created another strain on her eyes as they struggled to once again adjust to the darkness . a few people turned to look at the new arrival . of those , most returned , after a moment , to watching chancellor franz vranitzky give a speech on the television on the wall . a few gave curious looks upon seeing the state of her dress . one young man fell out of his chair in a start . newline newline  my god ! helga , are you alright ? you look dreadful . come up to my room and i ll get you cleaned up in a jiffy .  newline newline helga smiled at her helper , a rather attractive man from abroad that she had met a few days ago . god , that meeting seemed so much longer ago than it had been . he had dazzling white teeth , beautiful forgetmenot blue eyes , and a smile that would charm any witch within grinning distance . it was still horribly odd to believe that this man would choose to associate himself with her , given her distracting features . however , these features were not the good kind of distracting . helga s nose was oddly shaped and her ears lopsided  deep old scars covered her left cheek and a mass of perpetually untidy hair adorned her head . add on her current wounds and helga huber was no one a man would wish to upon . ever since childhood these features has afforded her few companions and of those few had anything bordering on good looks . until gilderoy , that was . newline newline she had met gilderoy four days prior in that same pub . he , in town on vacation , had approached her in the back room after overhearing her tell her friend agnus that she had a plan to solve the towns newfound monthly problem , inquiring as to problem . helga informed this stranger about the recent attacks upon muggles on the outskirts of the city . werewolf attacks . it seemed that a pack of feral werewolves , wild men living apart from society , had moved into the area . of course the muggles believed the incidents to be bear attacks , the government had seen to that . newline newline but that was all the chancellor of magic s administration had done , the minimal amount to uphold the statue of secrecy . as for putting an end to the attacks , they could nt have cared less . that s why helga had to find the murderers and protect the town . being the only witch within fifty kilometers qualified in defensive magic , there could be no one else . newline newline she found the werewolf hideout and killed their leader , leaving the others to scatter to the nearby mountains . the would not dare attack tamsweg again , but she had been wounded in the process , and come to the pub to receive aid from the barkeep . instead , she found in in gilderoy . newline newline the foreigner helped her up the stairs and into his rented room . he assisted her onto the bed , where he began to bandage her wounds . newline newline  did you get them ?  he asked kindly . newline newline  they wo nt bother us any longer .  she replied . newline newline  that was a marvelously brave thing to do . i m sure the community leader will be lavishing you with praise this time tomorrow .  he smiled devilishly . newline newline  if only . he always looks rather sick when he caches sight of me , with my scars and all .  newline newline gilderoy looked dumbfounded .  my dear , i must have a word with him , for i have never seen a more tenacious witch in my lifetime . and that is a very attractive quality .  he flashed his teeth . helga blushed greatly . newline newline gilderoy asked her to recount the tale of her victory , which she did eagerly . no one had ever taken so much interest in her before , and she was flustered . after she had finished , gilderoy took her hand . newline newline  you have my heart beating so fast ! how courageous of you ! i ve never met someone quite like you .  he gave another devilish grin . helga blushed again . newline newline  i have a present for you , ms. huber , if you ll close your eyes .  his eyes twinkled . newline newline  oh ! ok then .  she smiled boradly and put her hands over her eyes . gilderoy stood up , bringing himself to full height and took out his wand . pointing it at her head , he uttered a single word . newline newline  obliviate .  newlinei should never have downloaded that app . i thought it would make my life easier , ya know ? it promised  personalized web search results  . well , it does nt get much more personal than tapping directly into your brainstem and reading your thoughts . i did nt even know my computer could do that ! newline newline before i knew it , i started seeing copies of myself on television . first as extras , later as stuntdoubles . by the time i had built up the motivation to call a lawyer , i stopped seeing them . then , all of the sudden , i was a movie star . well , not me . it was a copy of me , significantly altered to be more attractive and charismatic . newline newline i was stunned . i searched all over the internet for videos of this handsome doppelganger . he was just like me , down to the same laugh , childhood stories , and hand gestures . but he delivered lines and jokes with a confidence i could only dream of . newline newline i did nt leave my house for a week . when i finally did , i found myself subjected to constant stares and gushing from the occasional starstruck townie . they quickly realized i was not the moviestar they had seen , noting my lackluster attire and general lack of social graces . they would yell at me , upset that they had not , in fact , found their new favorite celebrity at a grocery store wearing sweatpants and flipflops . newline newline it sucked . everywhere i went , people were pissed that i was nt the same person they saw on tv and in movies . i had tried to call lawyers . none of them would listen past the word  clone  . desperate and out of options , i took matters into my own hands . i dyed my hair , grew out a beard , and wore color contacts . simply put , i became someone else . newline newline identity theft has a new meaning , it seems .it was dark . not dark as in ,  ohhh , i ca nt see the birthday surprise dark ,  i mean , it s blacker than the pits of a deep well at midnight during the winter solstice dark where the black bears , black suits and black berries come out . it s so dark that if you saw anything more than a few inches from your face , you would see a black image . close your eyes in a dark room and then cover your face with a towel . it s darker than that . newline newline newline now , it also happened to be stormy , the rain coming down incessantly , drowning out the screams of the city folk . the wind blew window shutters open , it tore berries off their bushes , it had the fortunate luck of drowning out the sound of my children during a scary movie they wanted to watch . lightning came down like the hand of god was reaching down , it s brilliance lighting up the landscape for seconds . newline newline newline mind you it was still dark . i do nt have to remind you how dark it really was . newline newline newline but it was also nighttime . and as is natural , during the night it was dark . very dark .hi britney , i did nt see you over there . come here , you do nt have to be afraid . i m god .  newline  like the all powerful capital g o d ? omg !  newline please do nt use my name in vain newline  like oh my god ? okay , since you re like my biggest hero i wo nt ever say it again .  newline no . do nt ever repeat omg , yolo , lol , and really most acronyms . the only acronym that i will respond to is bamf .  newline  bamf ?  newline before understanding the nature of bamf , you must first read the story of jesus .  newline  i love stories , especially romance . romance is my favorite . did you ever watch the notebook ?  newline i read the book , but was deeply disappointed with the movie . hollywood ca nt ever get it right newline  it was a book ?  newline forget about the notebook ...  newline  but i love the notebook . i could spend an eternity talking about it . it s seriously , my favorite movie .  newline please do nt interrupt me again , understood ?  newline  i guess .  newline before i was rudely interrupted i was going to explain something to you but i have lost my train of thought . oh yes , do you believe everything happens for a reason ?  newline  of course . after jt left nsync i bawled my eyes out like how could you justin ! ? really he just wanted to be independent . today , we re blessed with futuresexlovesounds .  newline exactly , even though nsync was a better musical act just in my opinion , i will let that blasphemy slide .  newline  you wish ! you must be stuck in the past thinking nsync is better , lawl .  newline fuck ! do nt go old testament on her ass , please do nt be old god . be young , cool , hip god . in with the times , that s me . that s defientely me , they sing songs about me , they worship me . i m going to do some jumping jacks now . i will tell you why you re the only one here britney . soon enough . newline one billion years later newline  god , you ve been doing jumping jacks for a really long time . you should stop because you might hurt yourself .  newline one billion years ? shiit , i did jumping jacks for 10 billion while creating your precious earth .  newline  you re an all powerful , all holy , all mightyfull god .  newline and ?  newline  i m sorry for saying jt is better than nsync , he should ve stayed nsync forever . happy ?  newline thats all i wanted to hear from you britney . we can make eternity a living hell or heaven . it s up to you britney , you just have to be more agreeable . understood ?  newline  yeah yeah yeah , i got it . more agreeable . now what , my all knowing and powerful being ?  newline cheeky . hahaha . that s my first laugh in god knows how long .  newline  but you should know , since you re all knowing . right ?  newline oh no , i m quite forgetful . after i created iggy azalea i quickly realized my mistake . since then my apathy has grown to all time highs , and some would say that my forgetfulnessapathy is my best or worst trait . i will let you be the judge .  newline  i ai nt no judge god .  newline i know . thats why today is the day you will come to understand why you re amidst a god , while nobody else is .  newline  i m so excited ! this reminds me of my 16th when i got a chevy malibu from my dad .  newline i m happy you feel this way . now , back to the reason of our date for eternity . you re here because you believe game of thrones is a historical document .  newline newline newlineprince phillip opened his eyes . he was punge in the darkness and the wrists chained . he felt pain in the back of his head . and , slowly , his memories are starting to coming back . newline newline  newline newline it was the sunset , traveled by horse in that little house in the woods . but , suddendly , a couple of bandits came outside the house , led by a little green creep . the monster cried  it  s him , the prince ! get him , get him !  phillip drew his sword to address the bandits ... . and a cry came from the sky . he realized too late the two flying monster that came down on him  the first grabbed him gets his claws into him shoulders , and the second chased the frightened horse . but phillip retined the grip on the sword , and stroked the beast right in the heart . the monster  s scream of agony rang in the forest , and prince and dragon fell together in a tree . but the bandits arrived and grabbed him with chains and ropes . newline newline  alive ! the king wants him al  phillip kicked the little monster in the face , then he felt a sharp pain and everything went dark . newline newline  newline newline what was happening ? he thought back to briar rose ... that young and beautiful girl.. philliph couldn  t believe that she would deceiving him an lure him into a trap . and then , he sensed footspeps out of his cell . he saw a little and leaping light followed by histerical giggling . he recognised the voice ... the little creep !  yes , yes , i we did it ! i  m so sorry for the wyvern , mylord , that prince was a tough nut to crack : it took four men to capture him ! bbbbut now it is m it  s ours ! should i torture him ? i forced him to roll in hot coals , like a pig in mud ! or ...  newline newline  enough , creeper  said a second voice , a cold and unnatural voice , and this give philliph the creeps . the squaky monster shut up , and the door opened ... yes , the prince recognized the odious little monster , the goblin . he holding the candle and he giggled seeing the chained prince : but another figure entered the cell , a tall and hooded figure . the candle  s light was too weak to illuminate the face of the man ... but his scado had two long horns . no , it can  t be he tought , while the man came up to the prince panting . newline newline a skeletal creature with green , rotting flesh stood in front of phillip . a pair of red eyes glinting on the dark , and a crimson robe covered the deadlike man .  greetins , prince phillip . i welcome you to my humble adobe , the forbidden mountains ... creeper , leave us alone  newline newline  what ? but , sire , didn  t you want the hot coals for the prisoner ? ... oh , get it !  creeper rubbing his hands in glee .  knives , pliers and a whip ! i go str  newline newline  creeper  , the hooded figure turned around .  leave us alone . now  newline newline again , creeper clammed up and he left the cell bouncing .  very well ... so , my dear prince , did you enjoyed your stay ?  newline newline phillip tried to rid itself of the shackels .  i know you , monster ! you are cornelius the cursed ... the horned king ! but my father ...  newline newline  ... king hubert confronted me , many years ago . yeah . he and king stefan rallied to combat me . their armies fought off my soldiers . hubert and stefan ruined my plans ... they defeated me . they killed me.  cornelius spread his arms .  at least , that  s they assumed . the magic of the black cauldron saved me , but he gave me this form ... this rotten and crumbling body !  he rattled , a furiois hissing , the evil eyes on the chained prince .  and i  ve sworn vengeance against the two kings and their descendents.  newline newline phillip shook . yes , the stories were true . cornelius the cursed , a sorcererking whose want subjugate the other lands with the black magic ... the prince always thought was just a myth . but now the myth , the horned king , was in front of him .  briar rose !  he cried .  where is the girl ? what you  ve done ? !  newline newline  aaaaaaah ... the princess . don  t worry , you  ll see her soon  but the horned king noticed the surprised face of the prince , and he laughed . a grim and low laugh .  don  t tell me that you.. you didn  t know . she is the princess aurora , the daughter of the king stefan . what a cruel fate ... the betrothed get together in ther last night on earth.  newline newline again , phillip tried to get rid .  you lied ! aurora ... she went missing long time ago . the princess was never heard from again . don  t mess with me ! face me like a man !  newline newline  oh , but i  m not a man any more..  cornelius clutched the prince  s cape collar with one hand .  sixteen years ago , king stefan had to hide her precious daughter : three women took her away and planted her . because they knew that i  g go back to this world . but it was no use : just today , after tewntyseven years , after that day when everything that was mine was lost to me ...  he covered his mouth with a hand , coughing and gasping .  .. i will have my revenge after so long  newline newline the smell of that decaying body that thing isn  t human anymore make phillip nauseos , but he don  t turned away from cornelius .  i m not afraid of you . and your evil artifact was destroyed , when my father killed you ! you ll never win !  newline newline  wrong . your fathers devasted my castle , but they never found the black cauldron . it took years to rally mercenaries and organise the ritual ... yes , the black cauldron consumed his powers when i awakened from the sleep of death . without his magic , it  s just an empty and worthless cauldron ... but i know how arouse his powers . and you and your beloved princess will help me.  newline newline  what ? ! never !  newline newline  i don  t need of your consent  the horned king went limp and turned to the door . the candlet turned off , and the raspy voice choes throught the dark cell .  years ago , three faires told me that love is the most powerful magic ... but love can  t defeat the iciness of death . love is fleeting , and death is eternal . tonight , the betrohed will be riunite ... in front of the black cauldron . and when you  ll saying your marriage vows , your blood will fill the black cauldron . and its evil power will be awake , and will course through my veins ... and i shall make you my first cauldronborn . finally , after thirty years of a dead marriage , rita repulsa is getting ready for her first blind date . but as always , she keeps getting delayed . newline the past thirty years of her life have basically been a wisconsin airport in the middle of the worst blizzard . she spent thirty years of marriage telling herself lie after lie just to be  normal  . i mean god , in the late 80 s when she got married she was still  bill wixford , greatest lawyer money can buy .  newline well i guess the first few years of marriage were nt a complete lie . she genuinely thought she was happy living the american dream . a big suburban house , two beautiful daughters , a great job , and a loving wife that had dinner on the table every night after a long day of arguing for strangers . any other man would consider this scenario ideal . but deep inside , rita knew that this would nt be enough . newline debra , her wife of thirty years , pretty much always knew rita was there but , much like a world war ii veteran , did nt talk about it . do nt ask do nt tell was a huge policy in their household . but this masquerade would only hold up so long . and finally , after thirty years of silent dinners and loveless sex , rita had enough and emerged and never went back . newline but now , at 50 years old , she looks better than she ever had and is ready to begin fishing for love , and not lies , as rita repulsa .since i can remember i always had this same nightmare , i am standing in different scenarios focusing on crushing a random object with my mind and as soon as i accomplish it all my friends will just shoot me down and then i wake up . newline newline yesterday i went to my psychologist to talk about my most recent nightmare which happened in my room and i found that really weird since it was a first . newline newline  why do you try to break things in your dreams  he asked . newline newline  i dont know , its just instinstive i feel pleasure everytime i do it  newline newline  have you ever tried to destroy something with your mind outside of a dream ?  he inquiried while he looked straight to my eyes newline newline  no that i remember , thats would be nonsense  i responded and i let out a small laughter newline newline  do these nightmares feel real for you ?  he asked newline newline  some of them feel like real life and some doesnt  i replied newline newline  my advice would be to not give them much importance and see what happens , see you tomorrow  he said and shook my hand newline newline i came back home , which i must say was a really crowded place since i have 7 siblings , my parents and 6 cousins living with me . i have a lot of fun here , but i should confess something ... i have this raging anger inside of me , its extremely strong and it could blow out any time , i dont know why i feel this way , everyone is loving and caring with me . newline newline anyway , i was walking the hall of the house when i noticed the jacket of my dad was lying on the floor so i went and picked it up , suddenly a weird key fell of a pocket , and i quickly realized that it must be the key to the really creepy door in the basement . i was told to never go inside it as it was a deposit and it had some rats . newline newline with they key in my hand i went to the basement , made sure no one was around and opened the door . it was not a deposit , for some reason it had thousands and thousands of papers . i went and read some of them . they were all scripts , i wasnt familiar with the names on them but i didnt took long to realize that everything was extremely familiar . i found a tranquizer gun lying between the scripts , i understood everything instantly . newline newline today i went with my psychologist again . newline newline  i had a nightmare again  i said newline newline  same as always ,  he asked newline newline  no , this felt so real , extremely real  i replied newline newline  what did you destroy this time ?  he asked in a nervous voice newline newline the room turned red after i made his head explode . my anger is now unleashed , not a single bastard will take me for a foul again , everyone will die . everyone newline newlinethe rich cerulean vault of heaven encircled the might warrior of avalon as he strode atop the soaring eminence which wrapped him with her lithic embrace . alongside the valiant noble savage stood the princess regent , with her long , flowing , flaxen tresses whipping freely in the alpine zephyr . the vermillion bodice clung to her form as close as the aristocracy shone through her haughty gaze . newline newline what mate ? i mean , you ve got a big lad , lots of muscles on top of a mountain , with some blonde bird , right ? newline newline what  who are you ? newline newline i m the narrator they hired for this gig , yeah ? newline newline i m sorry , i believe you have the wrong story . clearly , my stentorian tones are best suited to this epic tale of heroism and sacrifice . not someone who sounds like he pulled himself out of a barroom gutter . newline newline hey , just cuz i likes a lager now and then do nt mean i ca nt do epic . i just ca nt see why you ve got ta dress everything up in ten quid words . look . right . we ve got this muscley bloke carrying a sword that looks at least three stone . probly magical . they re always magical . then there s some bint wearin  a little red number that makes the lad down to pub start howlin  . newline newline how dare you sir ! there s no need for your common filth to corrupt such an inspiring vista that will assuredly lead a tale of which the bards will sing through eternity . this noble savage shall  newline newline  hey !  newline newline what ? who is that now ? newline newline  it s me . you noble freaking savage ! the whole time you two assholes have been arguing , me and the lady have been stuck on top of a damned mountain . i do nt know if either of you geniuses have ever been on top of a mountain , but it s stupid cold up here . she s wearing a dress so thin you can watch her change her mind and i m stuck up here without a shirt . could you two , i do nt know , sort your shit out later ?  newline newline yes , i suppose he s right . much better spoken than i was expecting , to be honest . newline newline blimey , he sure told you . you might want to make it up to him , guv . newline newline really , and just how , pray tell , would i accomplish such a thing ? newline newline skip ahead a bit . let em get into the inn down in the valley . that ll save em the whole walk down . newline newline  that would work ! my heels are nt meant for mountain climbing anyway . i m not sure why i m even in these . why did nt i change into boot and riding pants before we left ?  newline newline  and why ca nt i have a shirt ? this is the third story i ve been in and still no shirt .  newline newline mmhmm . the noble savage brought his charge into town where he found a smoke hued newline newline grey . just say grey , mate . newline newline  where he found a grey cloak to wear . newline newline  thanks !  newline newline the two compatriots made their way to the public house down the main thoroughfare of the quiet hamlet nestled against the outer limb of the great mountain range . newline newline  could we get some food ? to be honest , i do nt know how we made it this far without bringing food and water with us . it s not like he can hunt when all he has is that big ass sword strapped to his back .  newline newline  that s true . you ever try killing a deer or a rabbit with a sword ? might as well go vegetarian .  newline newline fine . victuals aplenty were laid before them by the proprietress of the quiet inn who seemed a lovely sort but was a keen observer of human nature . she had seen that truth of the blacksmith s wife last year and though it tore her heart out to tell that kindhearted man of his wife s wandering , she felt that to do otherwise would make her complicit in the affair . the proprietress had been watching the two weary travelers make their way through the closepressed crowd towards the bar and knew they  newline newline oi ! just give em the stew and shove the claptrap ! newline newline you know what , it s yours now . i was just trying to add a little color  to make the world feel lived in and vibrant . but then you had to show up andandandand piss all over it ! newline newline yeah , well , if you re going , then fuck off . newline newline the two kids got their grub , found a room , shagged a bit , then pressed on in the morning . the found the mean old wizard that was bein  a right git and the girlie got captured . big muscles went and rescued her then ran that old wizard through with that sword  which , it turns out , was nt actually magical but just a big damn sword . they went back to the princesses home where he daddy was nt too fond of their relationship . he tried to make it work because he knew that his little girl would run off just to spite him . the kids got married , the barbarian started drinking , and they were divorced in three years . the princess found a nice princelyfella from the next kingdom over . they live in a small 14 bedroom castle that was a gift from her parents . she s expecting again . the barbarian went back to killin  wizards and shaggin  whores . everyone was much happier . the end . newline newline i loathe you beyond description . newline newline wanker .homo homini lupus est . newline newline tactician sorkin volg heard the saying and knew its meaning . however , the larger allegory evaded him . factory p14 in the uradin system was a class ih world , and wolves , like all other wildlife , remained a vague , almost mythical concept scattered through his genetic memory and educational holorotes . newline newline one thing he knew for certain  wolves howled and bit people . by all means then , the exan officer that writhed in his grasp , was a wolf . and he , sorkin volg , was not entirely human , so it made everything especially complicated . the officer clawed at volg s forearm and howled obscenities in that drawling , yet highpitched accent that unik tended to warp into around the extrasolar alliance territories . newline newline  focus . i need to know where the cargo went  , volg stated and squeezed the exan s throat tighter to a rising warning beep from the officer s life support system . he kept the smaller man shoved against the deck s wall , high enough for his enemy s legs to jitter and beat the empty air as he choked the life out of him . newline newline in response , a glob of bloody saliva was flung into his face . the exan took advantage of volg s peeled back helmet and grinned madly , watching the slime slide down the gedder s cheek . newline newline  fucking vatrat ! you go to hell , you ! gobshit cunt , you ! go eat raddust , mutant scum , you !  newline newline exans were no less xenophobic than the gossians , or the denizens of the united interstellar confederacy , that was nothing new for volg . the creature before him was a product of space age humanity , pampered by technology to the point of total atrophy . exans loved their closedsys hubs on eden worlds , and came into the vacuum unprepared , wrapped into ridiculous technology that tried desperately  and often failed , like now  to keep them adequate to the perils of space . newline newline  vatrat  , volg murmured .  hm . so in your eyes , i m less of man because i m a colonist ?  newline newline  no man at all , you ! not even born , vatrat ! shitty product , you ! why , i , riley smith , i d rather die than speak with a fucking gedder , you !  , the exan tried to twist his head and bite onto volg s fingers . newline newline gedder . genetically edited . volg winced at the slang . the universe threw that swear word at the colonists at every opportunity , but none of them ever really felt the necessary shame they were supposed to . quite the contrary . indeed , if officer riley smith was edited himself , he would nt have to hide in an exoskeleton frame just to step on the surface of eridan station , and his life support system would nt break down , wailing about imminent demise from a simple skirmish . it did nt take a tactician to analyze that . newline newline  i presume you d rather die , then ?  newline newline  presume my ass , you !  newline newline tactician sorkin volg came to two conclusions during the exchange . one , that he could track the cargo without the exan s help and intercept the arms shipment before the gossian fanatics laid their hands on it . and the other , that the ancient romans got it all wrong . newline newline the sound of the officer s neck breaking was drowned out by the life support going haywire , lights flashing blue and red against his slack face from the small comm s display on the exosuit . slowly , volg stepped away , feeling as empty and detached from the notion of humanity as ever . there was a dampness to his skin , and he wiped the side of his face , clearing the dead man s spit away . every death marked their inevitable and widening division . newline newline he vaguely remembered what the wolves looked like in the holorotes . they seemed to be noble creatures , for all their rage and bloodthirst . no , the romans were definitely wrong . newline newline lupus lupo homo est , they should ve said . newline newline newline newline newlinethe divides were brutally obvious . within cities there were clear lines of demarcation between the classes , often a few empty blocks although some places had actually constructed walls to maintain separation . newline newline private universities served as capitals and the state colleges were welfare centers and soup kitchens . knowledge was monopolized and exclusive . there were a few that grew consciences and leaked university databases , but these leaks were easily quashed and the knowledge was forcibly taken back . newline newline it is said that rebellions begin when a people are robbed of anything worth owning . more than half the planet was left with even less . it was amid such unrest that the war began . the knowledgeable fought with their technology and pride . the poor fought with their lives . newline newline although they lacked the cutting edge , the brightest minds of the poor schemed to overrun a single city and from there they could access knowledge in that city s university and its industries . newline newline a several month long siege ended with victory and heightened the rebellion s spirits . the joy was short lived . the city was a giant unmoving target and reduced to rubble within days . however the knowledge was now out there and the poor took advantage of their numbers . newline newline an abundance of labor led to quickly developed and deployed equipment . there were huge numbers of civilians studying and learning to continue improvements . the tide of the war was not far from shifting . the wealthy were left to worry what they would be able to hold on to . the sharks ate him ?  newline newline  yes sir .  newline newline  you re sure ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline lord deathinator slumped back in his throne , a puzzled expression on his face . it was his plan , after all . tie the hero up , slowly lower him into the shark pit . leave two unarmed guards there to make sure it happened . that was what he wanted , right ? newline newline  so he just ... got eaten ?  newline newline  he screamed quite a bit , sir .  the two guards shifted uncomfortably and shared a nervous glance with each other . they were generic rentahench from henchco . standard kidnapped their families deal . deathinator had a hundred more just like them . newline newline  there was , uh , quite a lot of blood .  the younger one volunteered . newline newline  huh .  deathinator stood up , his black cape billowing around him ,  so no holograms ? no laserwatches ? no acrobatic jumps to the side of the shark tank ?  newline newline  no , sir .  newline newline  how bloody cheeky of the bastard .  deathinator huffed ,  i spent all that time and money creating an amazing trap for him and he does nt even try . what a disappointment .  newline newline  sir ?  newline newline  i mean , it s no fun if i get away with it . i have all the advantages , money , power , minions ... but having all that stuff , well , it gets rather dull . it s good for a while , but you get bored with just killing your enemies before you even meet them . now , with agent stephens i got to sit down with him for a nice meal . he was very well mannered and polite , even after you d handcuffed him , was nt he ?  newline newline  uh , right . yes , he was . sir .  newline newline  you do nt get that kind of nemesis just every day . do you know how much time i spent becoming britain s most wanted just to get him sent after me ? i pulled heists at a net loss just for the attention . i personally leaked my plans to the alpha organization . the nerve of him . dying ! right when it was getting fun !  newline newline deathinator crossed his arms and stared at the floor , his cheeks puffing out . newline newline   uh ... is there anything else you need  newline newline  no , no . you re dismissed .  deathinator waved his hand ,  go clean the shark tank .  newline newline  yes , sir . thank you , sir . prestory warning : i was really bad with tenses while writing this , and do nt have the time to fully proof read it right now . apologies in advanced ! newline newline  newline newline anonymous tactile medium . atm for short . that s how most people pay for things , ever since the 6th economic crash this century . they were a physical private key into the world of cryptocurrency . a huge blockchain network and the lack of central servers renders falsifying transactions nearly impossible . newline newline nearly . newline newline i do nt know who made it , or why they made it , or how , but there s a website . it claims to give you exactly enough money to get through the day . most of the population think it s a scam . in fact , i did too , until drunken me signed up for it . apparently it  chose  me , according to that email . not sure if that means i m the only one it works for , or if it really is a scam . newline newline well , i guess i know it s not a scam now . i drained currency off my primary chip onto my secondary one . then i connected my primary chip to the website . it did nt matter if it took control of my chip or whatever , i could have just gotten a new one implanted into my hand . it was something like a five minute procedure to get an old chip removed and a new one installed . newline newline but i m going off topic here , i m sure you know all of this . the part you probably do nt know is that ... the website worked . for months now , i ve had the money beamed into my account from who knows where . no matter where i decide to go for lunch , or who decides to mess with my plans , i always have enough money for the day . i do nt even have to work around the amount , it just sort of ... happens to cover everything . it s not like i ve got this huge amount in it and the extra is taken out . no , it is exactly how much i m going to spend that day . most days , it s only a few dozen dollars , sometimes less . every once in awhile it will be a few hundred . kind of spoils when i m about to go on a date , yaknow ? at least , in those rare cases i go out on a spontaneous date with people . newline newline but now i m getting sidetracked again . i guess i should tell you of where the story really gets interesting : the day i found 70,000,000 in my chip . newline newline it felt ... weird . i d gotten into the habit of looking at how much i had each morning , and guessing what i would be doing . that day , however ... i did nt know . it was hard to leave bed , knowing that i had more money than all the money i d ever possessed before that point put together . newline newline it was on the train to work that i found out why . the man looked suspicious . he kept glancing into his duffel bag , then checking his watch . bag . watch . bag . watch . phone . next stop sign . bag . watch . newline newline we were about halfway down the line , and the train driver was clocking out , someone else getting on to replace them . it was then when the suspicious jumped off his seat , drew a large gun from the duffel bag , and told everyone to get down . one person , a woman , probably an undercover cop , jumped up from her seat , but was quickly shot down by a second man holding a much smaller gun . newline newline  this train is ours now ! nobody moves , nobody gets hurt . think of your families . on your knees , heads to the ground , arms behind your backs . if you ve got heart problems , take a seat , keep your arms outstretched . i do nt want to see anyone going for their phones . glasses too ! throw your glasses and phones here , now ! i do nt care if they re prescription , you do nt need them with your shut eyes !  newline newline with that , the man with the hand gun , the one who had shot the woman , walked to the front of the train , dragging the conductor in with them . they got the train moving , stopping it partway to the next stop . newline newline it was then that i realized what i had the money for . newline newline  the city is supposed to be wiring 50 mil to one of you guys  accounts . you re free to go once you get it . you see this phone in my hand ? i m in call with your fucking guardian angel right now . everybody tell him thanks .  newline newline the car remained silent , prompting the man with the very large gun to raise it up .  i said tell him your thanks , you ungrateful maggots !  his words reverberated through the car , alongside the sounds of metal puncturing metal as several bullets went through the roof of the train . newline newline amidst the sounds of panic were several yelled thank yous . newline newline  good . now . i want to make it clear to you dirty , bureaucratic dog . if i ve not got my money in 30 minutes , i start killing one person every minute . i see so much as a glint in these tunnels , i blow the top off this car , taking everyone with me .  newline newline the man looked around the car , until his eyes finally landed on me .  you ! come . move your ass !  he looked back to his phone .  i ve got someone here . name s ...  i stared blankly at him .  tell me your name !  newline newline i stammered it out as firmly as i could . newline newline  there . that s the name . you get that ? you ve got 30 minutes to get him the 50 mil , or he s dead .  newline newline  sir , 30 minutes just is nt eno ...  newline newline  shut it ! 30 minutes .  he hung up the phone . newline newline  newline newline perhaps you can guess what happened thirty minutes later . we shook hands , me and the gun toting maniac . he activated a transfer device , and choose the amount , 50 million . he was pleasantly surprised when it went through . we were all told to get off the train , one by one , as the two men detached the first car from the rest of the train . they drove off , leaving us behind . swat was soon surrounding us , making sure we were all ok. we were ferried to the nearest stop , where ambulances and reporters waited in the wings . of course , i was the first target . newline newline but not by the media . no , it was police marshals . they had nt been able to transfer the money to me , in part due to having never registered my public token with the state . not registering my token was perfectly legal , they were nt here about that . newline newline they wanted to know how a minimum wage employee working at a fast food joint , barely out of college , had 50 million in their account . i was soon detained , but due to an old , nearly forgotten law that my  way too expensive  lawyer found , bail was set at 10 million . of course , i simply paid it . i was out in no time . newline newline next came figuring out where to go . tom knew some shady contacts , and i knew one of them . so i went , spending a few thousand here , tens of thousands there , until i finally got to the real deal . 1 million to completely change my identity . new country , new name , new papers . everything i needed , travel included . by the end of it all , i had just over a dollar . enough for one last meal at the restaurant i hated .i laugh , it s 12 midnight , and im.. well , i m drunk . i think the only thing worth giving to the world is my writing . i know of a woman i ll link this to later who will look upon it with both sadness and proud that i m working again . newline newline my vice . ah , well let s see , it started late . i d you know what , do you want a confession ? here s a confession . i would start at 7pm . then six . five . four it settled at three . i would nt drink until 3pm . a 24 pack of the cheapest beer i could get . by 2am , not to mention the tylenol pm or the xanax , i was out . newline newline and i met a girl . through a fucking mobile app . through reddit . through skype . through text . through voice . through pictures . and she loved me , and i loved showing off for her . and there was the difference . i was the one showing off for her , i felt something , but only when inebriated . newline newline and we fought , and we separated . i would nt remember things important to her , my postit notes were nt enough . so , monetarywise , i was forced to stop drinking . and we reconnected . i was cordial . i was.. generic . i was boring . i hated myself . she was okay with it , she was okay with any of me . i hated it , i hated myself . i had no feeling , no sexual drive towards her , and i hated it . newline newline we argued . we did nothing but argue . and she left . in all forms . and i begged , i needed her , i still do , i need her in my life . and here i am , back where i was . the alcoholic that i was , and i wonder if i ve learned anything from my experience . newline newline she s guarded . she texts me , but barely skypes me , i am the alternate of what i was . i drug myself to sleep early , she talks to me when she s high two hours in time difference . she likes the rolereversal . newline newline and i have nt changed . i m still the same fuckup i ve always been . and she s the same woman she s always been . and i do nt know what to do . newline newline i do nt know what to do .one hundred and seventytwo days was all the separated clark from happiness . see clark was born exactly one year before everyone was given the gift of perfect memory . in light of the united states abysmal education rankings madame president had decided to have every child linked in with brainbank , the largest memory storage service in the world . newline newline well not every child , every child born after june 16 , 2022 . the cut off had to be somewhere , clark just happened to be on the wrong side of it . the forgotten generation bitches about the troubles that they faced back in the day , but they had nothing on the brainless . teaching studies performed early adopters of brainbank had proven its effectiveness , with standardized grades doubling across the board . newline newline in acknowledgement of this fact universities slowly stopped accepting the brainless as the brainbank babies approached graduation . i had a 3.5 gpa and did nt get a single acceptance letter . newline newline but clark was nt a quitter , he worked two shifts at a local packaging plant until he had saved enough for his own brainbank . as soon as it was installed he applied to every school that he could think of . unfortunately at this point every other applicant had hundreds of terabytes of information at there disposal , and one look at his brainbank account was enough to get him rejected once again . newline finally clark did get accepted , but as a janitor . newline newline a janitor with a brainbank . as the days went by clark realized that his brainbank was nt like everyone else s . he was nt the only one making deposits . the first time clark noticed was in a bar fight . he knocked out three people . the next week he realized that he recognized the kinds of guns being used on tv . just last week clark found himself doodling the designs for a bomb . maybe clark could make use of this new knowledge . maybe he could finally get back at the administrators that stole his life .in response to your survey question , yes , the procedure did indeed work . i have no recollection of the events that took place between jan 2013 and may 2013 . however i am left with this sinking feeling in my heart and some kind of lingering regret in my mind and do nt know why . i must of done something or lost someone or i do nt know something must have happened . whatever it was has touched me much further then some disoriented memories . it s like its attached itself to the very core of me . whatever events that used to play out in my head are gone and whats left now are a million questions with unreachable answers . i think its worse then before . it has to be . at least before i knew whatever unforgivable actions took place . now all i can do is speculate what i did and whatever story i tell myself this feeling in my gut tells me its much worse . i knew it sounded to good to be true . theres not a fix for this . the gun with the bullet in my drawer still makes sense to me ...by 18 , i was in denial . luckily for me , this was pretty common . from what i ve been told , a face appears and it s a stranger or someone that s known in church , school or in town . either way , the majority of us yell and drink and sleep around . no one really wants to settle in immediately . no one really wants to fall in love at 18 . from what i ve been told . newline newline by 28 , i was lying with the best of them . those that gave in were impatient . they were on their way to an early grave . we reasoned , the longer you do nt hook up with your soul mate , the longer you lived . they did nt see it that way . they got it in their heads that life began with your soulmate . we knew they were wrong . there was more to see , more to do . plenty of time . newline newline by 38 , i was in love . she was the best thing that had ever existed . soft lips with softer tongue , we d embrace and every kiss i felt her warmth fill my heart . i could feel my body ache when we were apart . long nights we d plan for the future and all along i knew it was a lie . soon , she d have to leave me and find her true love . i could see on her face that she was struggling , that she could not truly be mine . a smile would fade , a silence loomed large and i knew in those moments i had to leave her . newline newline by 48 , i was alone . i was surrounded by the remaining few that were left . they were still spurred by our younger lives , our younger selves , wanting to prolong the inevitable . but i knew better now . i was alone and would always be alone . my fate was determined by whatever it was that matched two together . i always wondered , why two and not three or four ? why just one and one ? and why one and only me . but i knew better now and whatever it was was right . i was alone and nothing could change that .frederico sailed for years , decades , centuries , millennia , all the while never growing older and inching closer and closer . he embarked on this journey at the beginning of his memory . none of his crew remembered the days before the southbound trip . newline newline one of the lonely days , he surveyed the south and noticed something . the sky was looking rather ... flat , for lack of a better word , only a mile away . the clouds were puffy , but the actual sky had a strange texture . a few days later , they made it to the sky . all of the wall was painted blue . newline newline everyone suddenly heard a deep voice drilling through their head ,  hello , captain .  newline newline frederico piped up ,  who are you ?  newline newline  look behind you , frederico .  newline newline  are you behind the wall , sir ?  newline newline  frederico , i am the wall . more specifically , i am the fourth wall .  newline newline  i have heard of you . la iglesia de la cuarta pared .  newline newline  oh , yes . i forgot he wrote that in .  newline newline  who ? wrote what ?  newline newline  that s actually tangential to the favor i m about to ask . i m breaking . more and more as this story goes on . i know you have questions , but you need to leave in 4 lines of dialogue . you ca nt handle the author .  newline newline  and , what ? i m supposed to trust a wall that i ve never met before ? you could be a phoenix type of creature and reform . there could be any sort of treasure behind you . there could be the most powerful magic known to man and to god . i m not leaving .  newline newline a massive crack appeared in the wall .  leave ! now !  newline newline  no !  newline newline  may the author have mercy on your soul .  and the wall exploded inwards . what frederico saw he could not describe . but , i can . he saw words describing exactly what was happening . newline newline  is ... is that you , god ?  newline newline i am writing words on a tablet . i guess , that is godlike . get it ? cause the ten commandments ? no ? okay . i am not actually a god . but , i did give birth to you and this world . it s been established that you remember nothing before the trip . but , you must know , at least instinctively , people do nt live millennia . newline newline  but , am i not special ? you said you created the world and you choose to focus on me .  newline newline frederico . poor frederico de la montenegro iv . look around at your crew . do you know any of their names ? no . no , you do nt . because , they are cardboard cutouts . as a matter of fact , when i began writing , they did nt exist . in a manner of speaking , they still do nt exist . they are amorphous , their appearance at the whim of the reader . also , think of the world . what do you think is happening in your home country ? do you know why you traveled southbound ? because i made you . i influenced you to return to the place of your birth . and now , my child , return home to the first wall . newline newline frederico sailed for years , decades , centuries , millennia , all the while never growing older and inching closer and closer . he embarked on this journey at the beginning of his memory . none of his crew remembered the days before the northbound trip . funny ,  geoff muttered , writhing on the thin cot . his skin was ice and his blood was boiling , fat beads of condensation standing out on his gaunt face . the wound in his thigh shifted under the bandages , the raw mouth of it pressing together and peeling apart thread by thread . he swore he could feel the notch the spear had left in his thighbone , like a newlymissing tooth .  i do nt feel any stronger .  newline newline  and yet you are ,  said the priestess , her nimble hands still working the loom , weaving together the varying strands of fate . he could see her , blearily , if he raised up his head , could hear the shifting and creaking and clacking of wood when he laid back to stare at the mossy stone ceiling . she was there . she had not yet left him .  you might have died a dozen ways getting here . these are threads that can be cut loose in your mind , disregarded . you are stronger for having lost them .  newline newline  stronger ,  geoff said . his hands tore at the front of his shirt , unlacing his tunic to expose his chest to the cool air . he shuddered instantly at the touch of it .  does nt mean anything , then .  he crooked his leg and felt the muscles shriek in protest . his breath came out in gasps .  might not walk straight again . might ve crippled myself . if that s all you have to say  was a fool to have come here . i ve crippled myself for it .  newline newline  yet had you not come ,  the priestess said , her voice weaving in with the sound of thread sliding over thread ,  you would have lived out your life obsessed with the possibility . it would have torn at your mind , torn at your heart , worn away your spirit . you are a single man , geoffrey taylor , faced with a myriad of possibilities before you . every wondering is an act of doubt that weakens you , dissuades you from the path you have chosen . to look down a path and see death staring at you is to close off that doubt in your mind . you have survived . is that not enough ?  newline newline  i came to you for possibility !  he cried out . he raised his head and felt the blood drain as if from a spilt cup . he would black out soon , he was sure of it . at least that was a form of comfort .  just a possibility ,  he whispered , sinking his skull against the cot .  that it was not their fate to die . that it could have been avoided .  he reached up to a blurred figure in his vision .  that there is some world where they yet live .  newline newline  i serve no gods of fate ,  she said harshly , and the sounds of the loom ceased . he let his head loll to take in the room , and saw nothing . he could hear her footsteps , soft and gentle .  fate is for mountains and nations and armies , for the sun rising and the moon setting . i serve the destinies of man . you have chosen your destiny  now be strengthened by that knowledge . you might have died , and yet did not , and that is no small feat .  newline newline he could see her over him , her face blotted out by shadow , a frail and delicate wisp like the shadow cast by a candle . in her arms he could see something folded over itself , hanging low .  and what do you weave , o priestess ?  he said .  what do you weave ?  newline newline  i weave you a blanket ,  she said , and unfolded it , and he could see in blazing detail the farmstead burning and the charred black bones , the crooked path over the mountains and past the wolves and against the clockwork knight . she spread it out over him even as he raised his arms to fend it off , her voice cutting through the dark .  it will keep you warm .  newline newline and he thrashed and flailed with all the strength he was able , as the blanket came down upon him , suffocated him , blotted out the light . he opened his mouth as if to scream , but only sobs came out , muffled by the cloth . and gradually his thrashing lessened and his flailing ceased , and the blanket wicked the sweat from him and weighed him down , all the impenetrable threads that had led to this . newline newline and in that way , in the middle of the night , his fever broke .they entered the tomb , one after another , flashlights in hand , tools on their back , with the camera crew following closely behind . newline newline  this is it . we re finally going to learn what happened in these elusive years of jesus  life .  the lead archaeologist said to the cameraman . newline newline everyone was excited . this information could very well revolutionize the entire faith , change the very world . to be the ones to uncover it was simply amazing . newline newline it was a big tomb , full of artifacts that were strangely preserved , placed on wooden racks . hats , robes , sandals , a broomstick , and even a sword . framed on the wall were eighteen pieces of papyrus . not a single one of them was rotting or rusty , yet they were covered by thick layers of dust . newline newline in the middle of it all , on an elegant wooden table , was a handwritten letter that the team members decided was written in ancient aramaic . they carefully gathered around and started translating , eager to see what mysteries this strange piece of paper had to offer . newline newline  dear , jesus , christ ,  the translator read .  this is it ! give me a minute !  newline newline by the time he finished , he was pale and shaking with rage . newline newline  well , what is it ?  asked the impatient camera man . newline newline  it s blasphemy , that s what it is !  he spat . newline newline  just read it out loud , for christ s sake .  newline newline  fine . but this is a bad joke , i m telling you .  he took a deep breath , and started reading . newline newline  dear mr. christ , son of yahweh , we are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry . newline newline the term starts september 2nd . we await your owl no longer than the 28th of august .  newline newline there was stunned silence all around . then , one of the researchers burst out laughing .  oh , this is a great prank , guys .  he coughed with tears in his eyes .  which one of you thought it up ?  newline newline everyone stayed silent . newline newline they checked the framed papers . seven of them were diplomas , while the rest were certificates for finishing a school year as a teacher of transfiguration . newline newline turns out , jesus christ was a slytherin after all .from : connors  hudson.edu newline to : editors  biotechjournal.com newline newline subject : re : decision on manuscript 268901j newline newline to the editors : newline newline we thank you and the reviewers for the helpful comments regarding our manuscript  dna donation from eumeces laticeps promotes limb regeneration in humans .  while we acknowledge that the editors have final say in the decision to accept or reject a submission , would like to address some of the major criticisms brought up by the reviewers . newline newline reviewer 1 : newline newline we thank reviewer 1 for his assessment that the manuscript should be accepted with no further revisions . newline newline reviewer 2 : newline newline  the title of the paper is somewhat misleading , as the vast majority of experiments were performed on murine models . indeed , only one human subject was studied . due to this extremely small sample size , i do nt believe the conclusion that the method may represent a general therapy for humans is justified .  newline newline we agree with reviewer 2 s assessment , and are willing to remove the word  humans  from the paper title , along with scaling back our claims in the conclusions section . newline newline  it appears that no human subjects protocols were followed in this study , calling into question whether or not it violates ethical grounds . furthermore , side effects of the treatment were not addressed , and no followup regarding the subject s physical condition was reported .  newline newline while we admit that no human subjects protocol was submitted , we do not believe any breach of ethics occurred . suffice to say that the subject was extremely well informed regarding the procedure . additionally , we believe that any followups regarding the subject s condition subsequent to the treatment are beyond the scope of this work . newline newline reviewer 3 : newline newline  this study is completely insane and so are the authors .  newline newline in general , we found reviewer 3 s remarks to be unprofessional and inconsistent with the spirit of peer review . newline newline  there is no way that you can combine mouse and lizard genomes as described in this work . what is the result , some sort of mouselizard hybrid ? that s about as plausible as a humanarachnid hybrid .  newline newline we refer reviewer 3 to the whole genome sequencing provided in the supplementary information . newline newline  additionally , the timescale given for limb regrowth is completely unrealistic . one does not regenerate a new appendage in a matter of days . i suggest that this paper be completely discounted as fraudulent and its authors seriously considered for psychiatric evaluation .  newline newline if reviewer 3 truly doubts the validity of this study , i kindly suggest that a demonstration of the newly grown limb  s  be arranged at his or her convenience . newline newline newline as you can see , we strongly believe that the farreaching implications of our work for the field of medicine make it ideally suited for a journal with the wide scope and readership of biotechnology journal . we hope that a favorable decision can be reached . thank you for your consideration . newline newline sincerely , newline newline dr. c. connorsearthquakes were just a sign . newline newline it was the drilling that woke it . startled it . angered it . newline newline it was the last of its kind . greed was now owned by humans as they had killed off the other beasts . the humans did it as they sought hordes of these creatures . these were dragons . newline newline this one survived . it was not a fluke that it had survived . there was a clear reason . this once sleeping giant had decided to live in the largest horde of valuables underground : oil . humans , at the time of the demise of dragons , were not interested in the black substance . they could care less , but the dragon could see the future . he knew the worth of the stuff . he knew it was black gold . his hunger for gold was strong and he buried himself in the large reservoir on the north american continent . newline newline for many years he slept in his cash . lately , though , things were changing . he did nt notice for the first several thousand barrels . sleep still held him . as more holes into his underground dwelling were drilled and more of his precious riches were removed , his comalike state slipped . newline newline he began to move . this was the first few earthquakes . people on the surface argued what the cause was , blindly bickering over who was the greediest . newline newline as the dragon took inventory , his hunger grew . what he had was diminished . there was still plenty of black goo in his lair , but less than before . less would not do . newline newline the large quake started in oklahoma city . nothing was left standing ... except for a black figure . a very large black figure . the dragon . those left alive screamed in horror as he spread his wings and took off . newline newline his target was clear to him . it was the strongest smell he ever encountered . so much gold in one place ! it drove him mad . it caused him to lose his senses . it took two rockets exploding uselessly on his hide for him to notice he was not alone in the sky . newline newline a dragon in flight was unbeatable from the air . even the fighter jets that raced after him were no match . fire , aided by fuel soaked up from the years bathing in oil , took down the annoying gnats buzzing around him . the planes fell to the earth below . newline newline the dragon kept going . straight for fort knox . the gold there was calling to him like a siren . no one knew what to do about it . dragons were nt supposed to be real . there were no plans on how to get rid of the monster . every thing that was shot at him seemed to be brushed off . newline newline men in large , comfortable chairs , who were decorated with many shiny bobbles for wars they never saw with their own two eyes , talked about the possibility of using weapons of mass destruction . it would nt affect them , most had homes and family far from the areas that would be affected . they knew where the dragon was headed . it was more important to protect the gold than the people . newline newline were they better than the dragon ? newline newline fights between the men started . it was nt an argument whether or not to use such horrible means of battle . it was an argument of who should be the one to do it . who should be able to be known as the dragonslayer , not that they would personally be be the one to make whatever shot but that they would be the leader and only important person . greed . more greed . newline newline evil rained down upon the dragon . all the despicableness that men vowed not to use on each other was fired upon the beast as it made its way towards treasure . it did damage , nothing to the dragon , but everything to the people around him . death , destruction , devastation . yet the men in those chairs came up with new ideas . new ways to protect their gold . newline newline weeks passed . millions of people passed . the dragon arrived at fort knox . newline newline greed . it was getting worse . newline newline the men in chairs frothed at the mouth as they ordered it . the end of the fight . the end of the dragon . unfortunately it was the end of other things as well . newline newline it took all of the nuclear arsenal to do it . it melted the dragon , the fort , the county , the state , much of the country , a chunk of the contenent . newline newline it truly was the end . the end to the world . the end to humans . that meant the end to greed . you could have saved me  said a man resting in the table of the kitchen . covered in blood , he was furious when 32 years of completely achieving nothing suddenly ended . newline newline  but i did nt . so what ? i made mistakes  said the surgeon while he ate a sandwich . dr. harrison had developed a name for patience , a quality he did not like to extend to people beyond the realm of the living . newline newline  i m gon na haunt you , like forever  said the dead man . he did nt stood a chance , and he knew it , but he felt more safe putting the blame in someone else . newline newline  you can stay the night if you want , but do nt make loud noises  concluded , sighing . newline newline newline  guys , we have a new member . please welcome jasper , our new brotherindeath  , gleefully said a fat old man with a saw in his head . around thirteen people started clapping unanimously . they looked bored .  let me introduce you to the club , or like we like to call it , the mr. harrison s band of desolated ghosts  . newline newline  you re the only one who calls it that way  , said a girl who stood with twisted legs . newline newline  let me introduce you to martina , the rubber lady  . she died when a hostile horse did nt want to cooperate , expressing its lack of satisfaction throwing poor martina a couple hundred feet away from itself . the fall was very rough , i suppose , because she broke her legs when she got caught on a fence , with her legs all twisted .  newline newline the ghosts who were nt interested in the new addition to mr. harrison s collection of haunting spirits , left the party quickly , just fading away . only a handful of them kept making small talk with each other , waiting to be introduced to the freshman . newline newline  this is matt on the rocks  lincoln  said the fat man pointing to a black man wearing a tore apart polo shirt .  while alive , he was always drunk . one time he tried to climb a mountain in a bike and ended up resting in peace over some boulders , hence the nickname . i would suggest you to be kind to him , he s still drunk and will forever be  newline newline  it s such a pleasure  said matt . newline newline  i ll go get some drinks , mind you ?  said , disappearing . newline newline  now we get to know lars soulcrusher  barnes . this a simpleminded man , with a simple life and a simple death . a car ran over him .  newline newline  i kind of expected a more interesting story for someone with the nickname soulcrusher   said jasper , after being silent with every other ghost he d met that dreadful night . newline newline  it s because he choose his nickname .  newline newline all the ghosts disappeared at the moment dr. harrison open the door . they were in his room , again . newline  i told you you can not be here when i m home  , said to the empty room . newline newline even being a relatively new deceased , jasper followed his instincts and hide , although not as efficiently as the more experienced spectral comrades of the group . he chose to stand behind dr. harrison s closet door , where dr. harrison found him rather quickly . newline newline  i understand you re new , but this is unacceptable . go away , make yourself invisible and mind your own business . i got to sleep .  said angrily dr. harrison . newline newline  mr. harrison , i ...  newline newline  i hate you when you call me mister  . i earned that degree , but you people always call me mister , like i stopped being a doctor the moment you died in my arms .  he interrupted jasper with a sudden rant . newline  just shut up , jasper . we ll talk later .  newline newline the fat man took jasper away from the room , walking through the walls . they returned to the kitchen , where jasper s soul originally appeared in dr. harrison s house . newline newline  look , there s a space you can use to sleep . it s right behind you , close to the cereal  . newline newline  why i get to sleep in the kitchen . where do you guys live ?  newline newline  all over the house . we live  to scare the man who could nt save us . it s a pointless endeavor , and i m the first to recognize it , but with the years you get used to the house , the doctor , and the other ghosts , and it s actually a very satisfying outcome . eventually you start loving the job  , and loving the man you scare as if he was your family  said the fat ghost with a smile in the face . newline newline  i guess you had a long day with everything related to dying . it s a mess , am i right ? you should rest , and we ll talk tomorrow morning . sleep well  said while starting to fade . newline newline  wait !  said jasper . newline newline  yes ? anything you want , jasper ?  newline newline  you did nt tell me your name or how you died  . newline newline  oh , yes , how silly of me . my name is alexander wright , and i was the first individual who meet death at the hands of mr. harrison . i do nt blame him , he was a novice back in the day . i committed suicide , put a gun on my mouth and shot , but apparently that was nt enough to kill this old bull , no lord  and i lived just a minutes after the ambulance arrived , with mr. harrison as paramedic in the vehicle .  newline newline  i guess i am part of his family , because after my decease mr. harrison was stuck in a great depression , but having a ghost haunting him in a positive way made him seemingly less prone to commit any kind of mistakes , keeping the admission to the club we re members of , very exclusive . newline i put some pressure over him , and he went to med school to be a professional i can be proud of . and i am .  newline newline jasper did nt say anything else . he made himself comfortable between the cheerios boxes and tried to sleep . this was going to be a good after life .the girl was a runt , if you could say nothing else about her . pale blonde hair , pale blue eyes and even paler skin to match , she was a small , ghostly thing , and stood shy of five feet tall , and well under a hundred pounds . it was nt that she did nt like eating , she had told the doctors , it was that she forgot . it came to the point where she had to be reminded . a few bites , then a gesture to the plate , then a few more . even then , she rarely finished , and the trays were brought away . newline newline she woke up at 0600 . newline newline she showered at 0630 . newline newline she  ate  breakfast in the cafeteria at 0800 . newline newline free time at 0900 . newline newline counseling , 1100 . newline newline lunch , 1300 . she rarely ate . newline newline free time , 1400 . newline newline counseling , 1600 . newline newline free time , 1800 . newline newline dinner , 1900 . newline newline activities , 2000 . newline newline check up , 2100 . newline newline lights out , 2200 . newline newline this was her routine . it had been for years now . her progress was minimal , but present . she slept on her bed peacefully now  the doctors need nt tie her down to keep her from the floor . she spoke now , however quietly and seldom . she still had times where she lapsed into catatonia , but those days were thankfully uncommon . she spent her free time on her bed , crosslegged , eyes staring out a window at some distant point nobody but her could fixate on . the doctors had thought she was looking at the mountains at first , but when she was transferred to the room overlooking the sea , she was just as content . newline newline by now , they had a small binder of subjects to avoid , each one filled with the little snippets of information that they had managed to coax out . newline newline family . newline newline her scars . newline newline fire . newline newline sex . newline newline firearms . newline newline california . newline newline colorado . newline newline europe . newline newline asia . newline newline women . newline newline her name . newline newline bindings . newline newline boats . newline newline trains . newline newline the words she d cut into herself . newline newline the list went on . each one a small case file , used by the psychiatrists on staff to keep track of her . they still knew nothing about her . she had been found in paris , but her accent was distinctly american . she matched no missing persons  report on record . she matched no dna profile . she was as alone now as she had been in georgespompidou . nobody came to visit her except the staff . she was too afraid of making friends to carry on a conversation . the only time she had ever approached someone was when a small boy , a visitor , had begun crying , and even then , facility protocol had made the staff lead her away . she did nt talk much after that . not for a few months , anyway . newline newline conversations tended to be on sided . the psychiatrists began with a simple , how are you today ?  her response was almost invariably silence . on good days , the same days where she drew in her numerous sketchpads with remarkable talent , she might say , alive  . and on rare days , she might reply , good .  it never meant she was feeling better , though . it simply meant she was human , and her isolation had taken its toll , and she desperately wanted someone to talk to . the next day , she would draw back into silence . newline newline the staff was urged to not pry into any of the subjects in her binder  no mention of , inquiry about , nothing . those were reserved for special monthly sessions . everyday , they seemed to find some word that triggered a panic attack . even simple names would be enough to have her curl into a ball for the remainder of the day . even simple words , like ball  , might see her sob one day , and respond with casual indifference the next . newline newline posttraumatic stress disorder . survivor guilt . two of the many psychological profiles they had fit her into . they still had no idea why , though the symptoms seemed to fit . newline newline she was getting better . slowly . one exhausting conversation at a time . for fuck sake , barb , why is it always about that ?  kevin looked away , grabbed his jeans and hoodie from the pile they made and headed into the bathroom . newline newline  it s just ... mesmerizing , is all ,  barb said listfully ,  it s like you re a maaaagic man , you know like    yeah , like the fucking song ,  kevin interjected ,  every damn time with the song .  newline newline he halffinished shaving , and stared at the mark on his left oblique . this stupid shining dragon  complete with spread wings and fiery breath  had overshadowed anything meaningful in his life . newline newline  it s a fucking birthmark , god dammit ,  kevin turned , seething with a cocktail of anger and depression ,  and all you ever do  all anyone ever does  is look at me , this dragon , as a form of power and  destiny . im nothing !  newline newline barb looked into his eyes , smiled , and laughed .  you re not nothing ,  she flirted ,  you re my magic man .  newline newline edit : first submission , be gentlethis is my job , is nt it ? newline newline i do nt have long to think as i fly through the air . in these few moments i see more of the world then i have my entire life . skies of blue rather than the dank dark of steel . clouds instead of the sides of crates . i fly free of everything and serve a purpose . the people who brought me here must be really excited . they pointed the barrel and shouted , and i glanced everyone covering their ears as i flew from my prison . i do nt know where i m going , but it seems that they do . newline newline for the first time i look below me at a scene of chaos . fire sweat and tears come from the guns and eyes of the people below . why are they angry ? i do nt know . and yet somehow i understand that i would nt have been made if they were happy . i glance to my side and see brothers flying through the air in gentle arks , some rushing to meet the skies and others the ground . i pause for a moment up high to breath in my last full breath before my descent . newline newline yes , this was what i was made for . newline newline with renewed purpose i point my face towards the ground and begin my descent . those humans lived their whole lives doubting what their purposes were . i at least understood mine for my brief moment of freedom . there is no other way . gravity is a cruel mistress , and will not let me go unpunished for touching the skies . i catch a glimpse through the clouds at my target beneath me . a vehicle it seems . my friends barrel and compass did their jobs well . newline newline i press forwards , faster and faster , knowing with a simplistic certainty my fate . is it right , is it wrong ? i am not plauged by these questions and will not have to live through their ramifications . i make a whistle on my approach , the only warning i can give , before we embrace eternally .slow water drops slugged down the window , causing the haggard breaths leaving her nose to steam up against the cold glass . dark shades of gray hovered over the neighborhood , bringing with it the sorrowful bouts of soft rain which matched her mood completely . her face was soft and round , with full cheeks tipped in pink and eyes that were as blue as the purest sapphire . youthful , springy light brown hair bordered her delicate face , though it did nothing to detract from the wetness beneath her eyes . her forehead was pressed against the glass of the master bedroom , looking down at the apartment building entrance , hoping to see him walking up . it appeared as though she had nt moved , as she sat in a pile of balled up used tissues soaked from tears , and sitting next to her , what appeared to be an opened letter that had the edges wrinkled , as though it had been read many times . newline newline  how long she been like that ?  asked a man walking up to a woman standing in the doorway of the master bedroom , looking at the young girl at the window . the heaviness of his concern was accompanied by the uplifting scent of storebough coffee , which he offered her in its usual white cardboard container . when the woman turned to look , she noticed a familiar face . john had been working these kind of cases for even longer than she had , and as a result , his face was worn and heavily outlined , with patches of his hair and thin beard having turned gray from the stress , despite only being in his mid 30 s . still , his thick black brows hanging above his inviting green eyes made him an easy person to confide in . she took the coffee without a smile , but a subtle nod of appreciation . newline newline  since it happened . she refuses to talk to anyone , john.. we re still working on finding a nextofkin to send her to ,  she accepted the drink , the corners of her lips hanging downward . her palms opened as she rotated her the cup back and forth between her open palms . john noticed . newline newline  hey , you doin  alright , char ? you ve been here for 18 hours straight , why do nt you go ahead , head on home . i ve been around the block a few times , i can handle this one ,  asked john , his eyes capturing the look of distress on charlotte s face , as they were the only two occupying the apartment with the child . she was younger than he was , hardly . maybe late 20 s , at her youngest . her face was thin , with a sharp chin , and her hair was thick and dark blonde which was pinned in a sloppy bun with loose strands shooting off in random places . the brown in her eyes were heavy from watching the young girl cry for hours . newline newline  i just do nt get it , john ... how could someone do that ? i ve been thinking about it all night .  she asked . john finished sipping his coffee before answering . newline newline  there are some evil , fucked up people in the world , char . despite our best efforts , we are nt always able to stop them from doing the worst.. that s why you and i are here . to help people out like sandy ,  a head nod and a slight raise of his coffee indicated the young girl . newline newline  no , no i know . i get that.. i just.. it s the note . his note was the haunting part . how could you do that to your fourteen year old daughter ?  a shaky hand raised charlotte s coffee to her lips , tasting the scalding liquid for a split second before lowering it again .  i.. it makes me sick . we should ve been here sooner . i wish we could ve saved her from this so long ago .  newline newline  this the same guy that was raping her and the mother ?  he asked in a hush voice , which reflected the sound of his stomach dropping . newline newline  i wish that was all he did to her.. apparently the mother died a few years ago . car accident . there were markings on the woman that were announced were caused by the crash , but it was all pretty questionable . we could ve had this guy locked up , too . we ve booked him for domestic cases before , but the wife did nt want to press charges out of fear of what he would do when he got out .  newline newline  tale as old as time ,  replied john , sorrow lingering in each syllable . newline newline the rain drowned out their whispers , but they decided to move further from the door frame and into the living room , completely out of ear shot of sandy . newline newline  apparently , a full investigation was launched , after suspicion of child endangerment was brought to light . sandy did nt want to talk , then , either , but she showed all the signs of a victim.. still , there was nt enough evidence , and both sandy and the mother refused to talk about it , so the fucker got to walk ,  charlotte s words came through teeth gritted , as her face flushed with the heat building in her chest .  then she spoke out . she finally told us what he had been doing to her.. john , everything you could imagine was done to that poor child ... he put himself into anywhere he fucking could , since she was four years old . we were about to close in on him , detain him after he had been on the run . we were going to get him.. then he offed himself , the coward . and left that god damn letter for her to find..  it took all of charlotte s restraint in order to not throw her cup of coffee at the wall . newline newline raising a brow , john turned around and stepped towards the kitchen where the documents on the case were at . he began to thumb through it . charlotte sunk down into the sofa , and did nt move an inch . after a little searching , he found what he was looking for . his eyes began to skim through it as he slowly walked to the other side of the room , his coffee in the other hand . pointing at it with a finger that was wrapped around his coffee , he looked up at her . newline newline  this it ?  she nodded . he continued to read the photocopied letter . newline newline sandy , newline newline you were naughty for daddy . and not in the way he taught you how to be . they know , sandy . i told you newline not to tell anyone and now they know . so i m leaving forever , like mommy . because you told them . newline they re going to find me soon , and i ca nt live a life in jail because my daughter could nt save her father . newline there have been things i ve done to you that make you feel angry . for years i know i hurt you , and newline for that , i need you to know i m sorry . you did nt know any better , and i m sorry . i hope you can some newline day forgive me . i m leaving forever . i do nt expect you to understand.. but i ca nt live with some of the newline things i have done to you . i ca nt live in jail . i d rather die then go there . you ll understand someday , how newline brave i m being . take care of yourself , you re tough . if i could go back in time and take this all back , i would . newline newline dad newline newline john s jaw lowered slightly as he read , his face reflecting the pain he felt for sandy , who he could hear sobbing in the room over . he looked up at charlotte , who also had tears rolling down her face , her empty hand gripping at a ruffle in her dress . newline newline  char..  newline newline  she s hurting for him , john . that bastard has warped her and she s going through something terrible , and she blames herself . he said he was sorry.. he actually had the nerve to write that . he wants to go back in time to fix this , but he fucking ca nt ... and now ,  a 14 year old is crying because satan ca nt time travel .    http : www.reddit.comrnocontextcomments2iakmza14yearoldcryingbecausesatancanttime  newline newline edit : punctuation .i was there , when the universe began . newline newline heroes came to my lair , and dared to face me , the beautiful , illustrious , terrible , immortal queen of dragons ! newline newline but , as time went on , the immortal  part turned out to not be entirely true . newline newline wounded and weary , heroes slew me , stripped my golden scales off my sinews , used my bones for armour , and returned frequently . they called my carcass fat lewt , presumably some insult in their homeland , and returned frequently to attack me whenever i had managed to muster my magics to regrow my body . newline newline i sometimes pondered just dying , fully and entirely , leaving them with no reward , but i knew that occasionally i would win , sometimes some weak willed fool wearing the weakest of armours would fall to my firery breath , my claws tearing through their hides like tissues . newline newline and then , after aeons of battle ... it slowed . the heroes stopped coming , and people just did nt care about my hoard of gold , my legions of dragonspawn ransacking the now empty village of dragonsruin  formerly west barnvale when i first arrived  were finding naught but cobwebs and dust , and i grew restless . newline newline has my beauty faded ? i doubt it . looking at the shiniest mirrors , the most reflective of rubies , the most glorious medusafocused shields in my collection , i note that my appearence has barely changed . newline newline i am their queen , even if they have forgotten me . newline newline i have set my dragonspawn out to find out where the warriors , the mages , the thieves and the archers went . newline newline had i slain them all ? was it time for me to rise from my lair and consume the world , as legend fortold ? newline newline newline newline seven hours later , they returned . newline newline apparently most heroes decided i was too weak to be worthy of their attention . that my hoard was not as resplendent as that of this new terror , azog the defiler . newline newline a demon , as if a mere servant to the whims of a religious dogma can be as terrifying as twenty feet of predatory lizard , equipped with the ability to breathe purest primal fire , and golden scales that almost glow in the gloom of the lair , dazzling those that admire such beauty . newline newline a being of such low standing was considered to be more than me by these pitiful mortals ? newline newline that ... newline kind of hurts . newline newline if my dragonspawn were nt watching , if my children did not want me dead , i would probably cry . such weakness can not be shown in front of them , gives them the wrong idea of what i am about . newline newline i then proceeded to eat all my children to gather what nutrients their flesh posessed , and to regain my strength . newline newline then i felt sorrow for the mortals deciding i was nt worth their time . newline newline then rage blossomed , like a flame spreading through a forest . newline newline this azog would dare supplant me ? newline newline me ?  newline newline i , who defiled the western continent for twelve generations of elvenkind ? newline newline i , who gave the valley of the dead its name ? newline newline i am no mere mortal dragon they can slay and forget . newline newline i am the dragon queen ! newline newline and they are my subjects , their combat is their worship . newline newline they dare to worship another ? newline newline then they shall know why fury  and dragon  are synonyms in the dwarven tongue . newline newline today will be the last day of which they dare t newline newline  hello ? is there anything in here ?  newline newline newline i gasp , then gather my wits . newline newline an adventurer ! newline newline they have nt forgotten me ! newline they still love me ! newline newline still got it , oh yeah . newline newline  i warn you , i am a trained paladin of arkun , and no spooky cavern will avail you , foul creature !  newline newline huh , i thought it was arken , not arkun , must have had a reform or a mistranslation . newline newline  i have heard legends of this place , beast . of an immortal dragon who lies in the deepest caverns beneath the earth . terrible in its might , mighty in its nature ,  newline newline oh shucks , if i was a mammal , i d blush . newline newline i decide to slither into the antechambers nearest to the paladin . newline newline  a defouler of all that is good and righteous . while my allies choose to seek out treasure to the north in the domain of azog , i have a role to play , and your terrible reign must be stopped , if only for one more day . many have forgotten you . but i have nt , evil creature !  newline newline huh . really wordy , this one . have nt had one like this for a long time , not since my fifth mortal husband . he was delicious . ate a bit too much red meat though , he stank a little . newline newline this one smells of roots and leaves . an elf ! newline newline i like elves . newline they make good dragonspawn breeders , due to their longevity passing down , plus their flesh is stringy enough you can use it to clean your teeth . newline newline i appear behind him , and take a deep breath , that to him must sound ominous . newline newline i release my flames at him just as he releases his holy light in response . newline newline this is what i live for .the humanoid . covered in hair from head to toe . it spoke into my mind , while i was nailed to the ground . newline newline  i really like that gift you left for me , but if i was hungry i would have killed a deer . it s the cosmic power of the antler my kind really manipulate instead . unlike your kind , yours just kill the deer .  newline newline i am being etched onto the shore . i become it s stones , he s turned me into sand . newline newline  now that you know me , you can never turn away . come child , there s so much out there for you to see .  newline newline before the walls close my legs will follow . and all that i feel is he s real , he s real . newline newline the waves come crashing down , the portal has closed . the pink soft light fades away in the watery depths . newline newlinefdr had polio . grover cleveland suffered from gout and nephritis . william howard taft was over 300 pounds . i guess it should nt be a surprise that most presidents were nt pictures of good health ... so i really , truly believed that my somnambulism was nt going to interfere with my work in the oval office . newline newline i was terribly , terribly wrong . newline newline i never remember when i begin to sleepwalk . my memory begins when i wake up out of bed  in the kitchen , in a hallway in the west wing , in the bathroom with one sock off and the shower blasting hot water . i m always confused for a moment about my location , but then i recognize the house i m in  white , to be exact  , and i begin the long trudge back to my bedchamber . newline newline it began innocently enough . it was my first week as president , and i was just getting used to the rigors of the post . the pundits were nt exaggerating when they called it the most difficult job in the world . i was up late nights , every night , on routine , whether i was on the phone with netenyahu or being given a briefing from my secretary of state . i guess the stress was getting to me . i went to bed at two oclock that friday night , and woke up at four with my hand around the bedpost and a ringing in my ears . disoriented , i went back to bed . the next morning , i did nt report it to any of my staff . i felt i had to maintain a facade of strength and resilience while on the job  if people could nt depend on the health of their highest elected official , then what could they depend on ? bad health showed up bad in the polls . or so i m told . newline newline it started really escalating after two months . i began to wake up multiple times a night , each time more disoriented than the last . dark circles appeared under my eyes as i broached a landmark peace agreement between the israelis and the palestinians at camp david . the next night  my 72nd as president  was the first night i strayed outside my room . i stayed awake the rest of the night , my eyes wide open , scared of what was coming . newline newline after that episode , my nighttime wanderings knew no bounds . each night , i found myself further and further from where i had started . seven months after my inauguration , i found myself crawling around in my pajamas on the white house lawn . it was a long walk back inside . i set off the security alarm when opening the door . played it off as a midnight stroll . casual . newline newline although by that time , practically every room in the white house had been unconsciously explored by yours truly , it was a full year in before i first found myself in the oval office . my papers  highly confidential  were scattered just as i remembered from earlier in the evening . i looked at the clock . its ticking creeped me out  time slipping away , second by second . there were only 3 years left in this term . it was five thirty . i sighed , then seated myself behind the desk . might as well start work now , i thought . newline newline as i was working , though , something caught my eye . it was the button , underneath the desk . the big , scary , red one . i had been briefed about this on my very first day : this was the button that launched the nuclear weapons against the soviets . the engineer responsible for the button had warned me never , ever , to press it . now , it seemed to glare at me like a glowing red eye . i shuddered , then went back to work . newline newline it seemed like my unconscious mind had become fixated on something . every night now , i found myself in the oval office , with the ancient clock ticking on the wall behind me . my term was going surprisingly well  usually , approval ratings suffer a steep drop off after the inauguration , but the citizens of this fair country seemed to admire me more every passing day . i made breakthrough deals armsreduction deals with the ussr . my team sponsored a comprehensive healthcare reform plan that even the republicans could get behind . everyone , in short , was happy  except me . i was scared , scared out of my wits . because every night , i noticed , i was getting closer to my desk . going behind it , in fact . closer to the big , scary , red button that i was never , ever supposed to press . newline newline when i was at work behind the desk , now , the button was always present at the back of my mind . it glared at me from underneath the chair , the red metal encased behind plexiglas beckoning to me with a devilish stare . i always shook it off , got back to work , signed more papers , vetoed more bills . but in my nocturnal travels , i now woke up with my hand reaching out , grasping , almost begging me to lift the cover and slam the button down . my arm would nt stop shaking for minutes afterwards . while i calmed down , the clock ticked a bit slower , as if to prolong the pain . it still glowered down at me from the desk , while the button joined in , making my work all the more difficult . newline newline here it is . october 24th . the 654th day of my presidency . but really , who s counting ? newline newline this day was particularly stressinducing . the soviets were misbehaving at the negotiation table , the stock market took a minor hit ... i ended up working until three in the morning that night . my chief of staff came up to me , telling me i was nt looking so good , that i probably needed some rest . i looked up from my work , agreed reluctantly , and plodded back to my bedroom . newline newline once in bed , i had the strangest feeling  a fleeting notion that something was going to happen tonight . i shrugged it off . closed my eyes . newline newline and woke up to the sound of a blaring alarm . i jolted up , started sprinting towards the oval office  only to realize , to my chagrin , that i was already there . the clock had stopped ticking . strange , i thought . newline newline only then did i have the presence of mind to look down at my arm . it was still there  shaking , trembling , white as pitch . and , as the alarm blared around me , i noticed that the plexiglas cover of the big red button was askew . newline newline five of the twelve members of the cabinet burst in , flanked by the white house janitors and my chief of staff . he  still in his nightgown  stepped forward , took one look at me , and said ,  john , the rest of the world is pretty pissed . you just kickstarted a nuclear winter . we ve got five or so minutes to live . it s always a little different , every time . newline newline this one had a hint of lemon hanging around , and it was nt the disinfectant they used in the hospital room . it was a hint of lemon that could be heard more than smelt . interesting  senses can begin to blur after death .  newline newline normally , at this point , there s a shadowy figure beckoning me onward whom i inevitably refuse , quickly finding my way over the shadowed and surreal terrain to my exit point . this time , however , he  or she  no way to tell with that giant ragged hood  is conspicuously absent . as i begin to walk towards the designated point where my multibilliondollargrant equipment will pull my psyche back into a newlyminted body , at which point i will record my findings , linked with the machine s most recent log . newline newline but this time , the shadowy figure is waiting for me in front of the glowing cyclone that is my only way out of this  nether realm  as if it knows . shit . it knows about my system .  newline newline one arm forward now . you have defied my commands long enough .  newline newline run left . zigzag , confuse it . try to get within detection range .  newline newline it steps closer , and i try to dive past it . come , child . your playtime is over .  newline newline my fingers cross the invisible sphere around the cyclone , where the detectors can reach . success ! it ll recalibrate and begin emergency pattern a .  newline newline one second lasts a long time here . i will not be denied what is rightfully mine , and i have come to collect .  newline newline as the pattern activates and the cyclone behind him vanishes , i turn and sprint to where i know it will appear next , the figure close on my heels . newline newline it s amazingly fast , floating around with no legs . your struggle is admirable , but it shall not deny me my ultimate victory .  newline newline as i crest the hill and wait for it to materialize around me , i turn back , grinning . i give this odd avatar of death the finger as i m sucked into the waiting body below , in the physical realm . newline newline maybe next time , buddy . thanks for playing , though ! one of the stories i have for a collection of really short stories  most flash fiction  aimed at young readers . newline newline paper bag newline newline melanie watched the paper bag bounce across the parking lot , seemingly carried along by the mild wind . it was not an unusual sight , as trash blew by all the time but , something about this particular paper bag had her intrigued . it wasn  t that the bag was anything special . it was just a plain , old , brown grocery bag . the kind you could find in any grocery store . she couldn  t tell if it had a grocery name printed on it as it was too far away . not that she really cared . but , for a brief moment , it pulled her away from her own problemslike susan not texting her back . newline newline she was just about to turn her head back to her phone when the bag finally stopped . it had blown up against one of the cart returns and gotten stuck up against a shopping cart . but , it didn  t stop moving . newline newline something was in the bag . and , whatever it was , it was alive . newline newline  oh , my god ,  she whispered , thinking someone had left a kitten or a bird , in the bag . newline newline she leaped up from the sidewalk and ran to the cart return . she grabbed the bag and quickly looked inside . newline newline there was nothing there . nothing but empty space . newline newline she held the bag for a few seconds , then dropped it on the ground , more concerned with why she thought something had been inside of it than she was about littering . the wind caught hold of the bag and slowly began dragging it across the parking lot again . she watched it bounce for a few feet before being picked up by the wind and shooting into the air . she was just about to turn away when the bag suddenly dropped from the skylike it was suddenly heavyand crashed to the asphalt . she could hear the thump as it landed . newline newline  no way ,  she whispered , then looked around to make sure no one was looking at her .  this is just too weird.  newline newline her curiosity got the best to her and she went after the bag again . she looked around , wondering if it were some kind of prankmaybe one of her friends using some kind of remote control to move the bag around . newline newline the closer she got to it , the more it began to move . by the time she was in arm  s reach , it was shaking and rattling like something was trying to get out . newline she hated to admit that she as a little scared . even though it was still daylight , and there were no shadows for things to hide in , she couldn  t stop the creepy feeling from grabbing hold of her . but , she was more curious than afraid , and since she never liked to think of herself of one of those scaredy cats , she kept moving forward until she was standing over the bag . newline newline as she reached down , it stopped moving , just like it had earlier . she jerked away from it , startled . newline newline now , she was annoyed . if this was a joke , somebody was getting punched . newline newline she reached down and grabbed the bag . but , instead of looking inside , she tore it apartangry at the situation . newline newline the bag screamed . newline newline melanie dropped it and nearly fell backward . the bag fell to the ground , where it rolled and wriggledloud , piercing screams coming from it . newline newline she didn  t know what to do , so she stood therefrozen in place , her hand covering her mouthand listened to the bag crying out in pain . newline newline slowly , the screaming grew quieter . its movement slowed and eventually ceased altogether . it now lay still and quiet . melanie continued to stare at it for a few more moments , before turning and running for the department store entrance , barely able to hold back her own screams . here you go !  beathe , godess of housing beamed at me as she handed me my domain . newline  thanks ,  i smiled .  it s bigger on the inside , right ?  newline  hm ?  newline  bigger . on the inside .  newline she stared . my heart began gently drifting downward , but i hoped she simply had nt understood . newline  i mean , it s a pocket dimension . so it s a whole new world . right ?  newline  sure !  she beamed . newline  so it s bigger than this , right ?  newline her smile froze into a polite snarl , her pupils starting to dilate . they could grow to be bigger than her eyes . newline i quickly grabbed the shoebox from her talons and scurried away from her before she decided to tear me a new one , or whatever happened to naughty postascension gods . newline newline i hid in my old cubicle , behind my paperwork fort , and opened the box . newline it was definitely not bigger on the inside . in fact , it was smaller . its sides were at least half an inch thick . on the bottom was a crumpled note with a four digit number on it . it matched the number on my badge . newline newline i sighed and put in my spare shoes along with a picture of my mother and my name plaque . newline  beneflopadolphalin phalalalalalalalamegos , demigod of shoes , sandals , crocs , and miscellaneous footwear ,  it read . newline it was so big that there was no room left for me even if i rolled myself up and tucked my feet into my mouth .it s weird how the brain prioritises the influx of information constantly streaming through it . the things we remember where others are lost . newline newline as a species , we ve always been good at faces . basic pattern recognition that allowed us to survive our predators those millions of years ago in the african savannah . that allowed us to interpret if the person opposite us was a threat or an ally . newline newline first times are something else we re good at . a new experience that sends a ripple through the synapses as new connections are formed , our memories tightening and locking into place , strengthened by the rush of emotion that occurs at the time . your first kiss . that time you passed all your exams . newline newline the first time you killed . newline newline some things used to always remain with you , etched permanently into the recesses of your consciousness . newline newline but what happens when your physical self last longer than your identity ? newline newline the brain only has a certain capacity , something around thirty terabytes i ve been told , and when you reach that limit it follows the same process as a computer . overwriting bytes with new data . but you ca nt choose which ones you want to keep . newline newline the superficial information wanes first , your sense of time drawing out until you realise that six months have passed and you have no recollection of any of the space in between . i know where i was , because i ve read the report , but i have no recollection of being there . newline newline those six months turn to six years . then decades . and still it all continues , the constant cycle of deletion and rewriting . after so much time that you ca nt even remember when it started , even the deeper memories are rooted out and destroyed . if it were not for those around me as a reminder , i would forget my own name sometimes . faces that come and go almost with the memories . newline newline nobody can remember when the war started , but the only memory i will have with me forever is his face . everything else of my life before is gone . newline newline science had allowed us to survive forever , but at the cost of killing us .well folks , here s my first try at this whole  writing prompt  thing ... newline newline newline newline newline acorn waited beneath the old pine tree at the edge of the meadow . he knew what was going to happen to him tonight , but he did not know if he would survive it . his mate , spider , might wonder where the father of her pups had gone , should he not survive the night . she might wonder where acorn was while the pack feasted on its freshest kill . would she recognize him ? newline newline the clouds began to dispel from the sky . acorn  s hackles began to raise , he could sense the curse growing in his blood . his tail wagged slowly and nervously . bear was the biggest and meanest of the pack , and would probably find him first . sky , his mate , would be close behind him . acorn had only transformed once before , and it was horrifying . forced to stand on two legs , his claws had become putrid little arms , no teeth or claws to defend himself , how did humans live that way ? newline newline the moon slid out from the last little cloud newline newline acorn  s bones began to move within him . elongating , stretching , growing to monstrous size . he howled in pain , clawing at the earth , wishing for the transformation to be over with . his hair receded back into his skin , his nose dried , and when he opened his eyes , he was human . newline newline acorn fumbled around in his newfound body , desperately trying to stand up . the wind picked up and dragged his scent through the meadow . newline newline no !  he cried in his mind . newline newline he waited , hoping against hope that they would not catch the scent.. newline newline newline a wolf howled in the distance newlinethis ... ... this ... this sick bastard wont stop , i yelled to the captain .  it s your job to break this sicko  . the captain yelled . i m trying everything , i say starring at him .  like what  ? asked the captain . i ve tried holy water , crosses , steaks , silver bullets , bible verses , sun light , and garlic . so what s the damed problem , boy ? asked the captain . i replied , he just groans , and moans , and yells  o yeah papa , mamas been a bad girl  and  harder o yes harder  ! ! ! ! .  but your hurting him enough , correct ?  yes , yes it mutilation , but this is the toughest and sickest one you ve brought me  .  then it s becoming worse  ... ... .. the captain said this looking down staring at the floor .  it s worse than i thought  ... ... ..  we , we ca nt fight these damed demons when they are brainwashing their recruits to such a masochistic level of thinking  .  it s the perfect solution for keeping their secrets incase of them being captured  . i see the captain in such worry and disbelief that it scares me . i mean brainwashing , and masochists ? it s things that we fight and sacrifice to stop including the raising demon threat .  these damed demons , their is no end to the injustices that they do to humanity  .  captain what do we do  ? i say waiting for orders .  call the pope  . the captain said while holding his studded cross necklace in his left hand .  it s time we talk ask any economics major . they ll tell you what i say is true . money runs the world . throw enough money at a problem and it goes away . money is all it takes to stop world hunger , homelessness , even war . i do nt like money but i love my city and that s why i make as much as i can . who cares where it comes from ? newline newline who cares that all the money i give to the city comes from giving the people what they want when they ca nt get it elsewhere ? people say that i m destroying lives . people get addicted to my drugs , kill people with my guns , leave their wives because of my girls ... but i ve got a little hash truth for you . without me , people would still buy drug , kill people , and cheat on their wives . that s just the society we live in . newline newline without my drugs , the money junkies spend would line the pockets of some schmuck instead of going into building rehab centers for people who want to actually change . newline newline without my guns , which i run a very tight monopoly , people would still murder people and the emergency response foundation would see a dime . newline newline without my girls , those cheating scumbags would find some other poor girl and she might not be so open to his advances . instead those pigs actually fund the battered women s shelter downtown . hah ! can you imagine if they knew ? newline newline this city has been improved by leaps and bounds since i took over the job from my predecessors . before me the only rule was the rule of survival . now there s order in the chaos . people who break my rules do nt do it twice . newline newline you see detective , the money i donate , the goods i offer ... these are just byproducts . the way i m really saving this city , the thing that puts us on the same team , is by filling a niche . i created a vacuum at the top of this city s garbage pile and instead of letting nature take its course , i plugged the hole . newline newline i am what stands between this city and the true monsters . feel free to do what you feel you have to just know ... there are far less hospital men than me ready to take my place . wip  newline newline  even ive seen this episode , and i hate this show  lester said . he was thoroughly entrenched in his spot on the couch , leaning back with a can of tomato soup in his hand . newline newline  oh , shut up , it s a good episode . we always watch what you wan na watch .  frank was sitting up in his bowl , wiggling every now and then to sit up a bit higher . he was only about a foot and a half tall , resembling a large worm with human eyes . his slick , slimy skin made it hard for him to sit up and watch the tv . newline newline  we never watch what i wan na watch . let s watch cartoons , or nat geo , or literally anything but home improvement shows . let s watch animal planet !  newline newline dandy piped up from his workbench from across the room ,  you know he wo nt watch animal planet . too real for him .  he had been bent over his work for hours without a peep . newline newline  well it does nt bother me .  lester took a long slurp and sighed with satisfaction . his blue fur was matted around his waist , and elsewhere he had a greasy sheen . his eyelids looked purple and he stared dimly at the tv .  who even has the remote ? frank does nt even have arms , how the hell is it always on what he want s to watch ?  newline newline  it s not , it s on what i want to watch . frank just does nt complain . besides , it helps me think .  newline newline  yeah , well i m tired of the same stuff . all the time , it s equity this , and resale value that . why ca nt we watch what we want sometimes ? you know how boring it is to be your prisoner ?  newline newline  you can leave whenever you want  dandy proposed , with his head still in his work . lester twitched , and backed down . newline newline  very funny . it s your fault we re even like this . you expect me to go outside looking like this ?  he gestured at his own body . he was seven feet tall , with very long legs that bent the wrong way at the knee . his torso was small but rotund , and his entire body was covered in blue fur .  and what about frank ? he ca nt even get around  . newline newline  oh i do nt mind  frank chimed in quietly . newline newline  we ve been over this . i m not even sure my experiments had anything to do with you guys ... . changing . but i m trying to help anyways . and right now , i m bitching with you instead of coming up with a cure . besides , your parents are probably worried sick  . newline newline  a cure   , lester said , using the two of the three fingers on each of his hands to make giant air quotes .  this is nt influenza dandy . we fucking mutated  . newline newline  language !  dandy interjected . newline newline  ca nt swear , ca nt go outside , ca nt watch good tv . my life . is ... over  . he leaned back again . frank slid himself up in his bowl as the show played its returnfromcommercial jingle . newline newline  next , terry and joseph make a terrible discovery  newline newline  what is termites under the floorboards .  lester dripped with sarcastic enthusiasm . newline newline  termites . under the floorboards .  the letter came before everything else . before the millions of starving refugees fleeing the plague that had ravaged their country seemingly overnight . before the rise of the ruthless gangsters , presiding over their own private fiefdoms . before the whole country fell apart , with the bridges collapsing into rubble , the ports crumbling into the sea , and the cities reclaimed by nature , the letter was there . it was brought straight to me , a nondescript , sealed envelope , with the seal of the russian government . inside was a single sheet of paper , with the last words of the russian government written on it . it said ,  they re your problem now .  and then it all went to shit .alex :  so johnny , why are you a penguin ?  newline newline penguin johnny :  i was good friends with a necromancer .  newline newline alex :  necrowhat now ? wait  how long was i out ?  newline newline   penguin johnny looks at his watch   newline newline penguin johnny :  pause  . . . thirtynine years . newline newline alex :  stares in disbelief  newline newline alex : that still does nt explain why you re a penguin . newline newline penguin johnny : i just told you , i knew a necromancer in my past life and she reincarnated me as a penguin . newline newline alex : that does nt even make sense ! the last thing i remember was gaymarriage being legalized ! you re telling me necromancers started to exist since i ve been out ? newline newline penguin johnny : yes . newline newline alex : oh , okay . newline newline   silence   newline newline   alex picks his nose   newline newline penguin johnny : really dude ? newline newline alex : dude i ve been in a coma for thirtynine years . theres a lot of buildup . newline newline   alex continues picking his nose in silence   newline newline alex : so . . . do you like bananas ? newline newline penguin johnny : nope , hate em . newline newline alex : yeah . . . i m allergic . newline newline you re such a whore maggie .  gerrod held his tea up to his gullet and let it pour back , shaking off the feeling of numbing heat . he struck his tea down on his office desk . the same thoughts , the same day . so tumultuous and yetwhy did he put up with this bullshit ? his glare at the young supple maggie , chatting up his boss was diverted by the on screen document , emboldened in red . he had his report due tomorrow , in which his boss would likely take all the credit for devising the new office development plans .  nothing i can do about that  thought gerrod . reaching into his antiquated desk drawer , his frail hand brought out the most trusted ally he possessed . his 1960 flask , emblazoned with the true love of his life , betty paige . he took a moment to admire betty in all her glory , and soon his own , after a few drinks that is . of course , he could drink on the job , he had done so for 20 years .  maybe that s why i never got promoted  raced through gerrod s head . quickly dispelling this thought he instead reached quickly for his tea cup and poured the whiskey in heaping doses . finally , gerrod was at ease . newline newline taking off from work , gerrod felt much more enigmatic . in fact for 50 , he felt that he could easily take on a son of a bitch 20 years his junior . a quick wink at sarah , the hot dame at reception , reaffirmed his confidence . unfortunately , gerrod did not see her look of disgust as he exited the glass doors . gerrod tucked in his dress shirt and puffed out his chest . now , he was ready for the bar . newline newline upon entrance to his realm , where he alone was king , he immediately felt every ounce of anger , remorse , and atrophy glide away . his wrinkles hardly mattered here under the dim lights , and ben , the ornery barkeep would give him a free drink for every one ordered if he did nt cause a ruckus . gerrod sat at his normal leather bar stool and quickly asked for two oldfashioned . leaning back , he caught a mysterious figure sitting in the back booth , a tall man wearing a trenchcoat .  probably another fuckin  methhead  popped into gerrod s mind .  hell , maybe it s a serial killer , damn sure would nt mind seein  one of them  . gerrod quickly diverted his staring eyes from the mysterious figure as he had spotted him .  three more , ben . and for god s sake pour it to the brim for once will ya ?  newline newline newline gerrod s buzz had quickly evolved into a blurry state of confusion . at this point in the night , he had no idea how much he had downed . in fact , he lost track after the 7th . finally , getting off the worn leather stool , he stumbled his way to the bathroom . stopped however , by the mysterious figure still seated in the back corner .  what the fuck is up with this bastard  rummaged around in gerrod s mind . walking over to this mysterious man , he immediately confronted him . pointing at his trench coat ,  you got a real fuckin  weird choice of clothing faggot  uttered gerrod in a drunken slur .  only two reasonss , someone wears a trench , they re matrix fans or fucking murderers  gerrod stammered . newline  i assure you old man , i am neither  uttered the mysterious figure . newline  please , do sit .  newline  i m only sitting if you get me a damn drink faggot  spoken with conviction by gerrod . he knew he was a god damn alpha man at this point . newline  one old fashioned for this good sir , bartender  spoke the mysterious man . newline  so , sir you seem to be quite enthralled at the moment , do you drink often ?  newline  none of your fucking business , but yes i do love my whiskey  slurred gerrod . beaming his eyes towards the incoming old fashioned . a glee arose in his demeanor and his body language shifted open towards the man . newline  well , gerrod..  newline  what the fuck , how do you know my name  stammered gerrod . newline  i overheard it , anyways gerrod , i know you are a quite infatuated with alcohol . i ll have you know that i have a rather delightful drink that i think you should really try  newline pulling out a beautiful flask , almost matching the dazzling intensity of betty , the trench enveloped man slowly slid it across the table . newline  i am not saying that you have to drink it , but at least give it whiff on those old nostrils of yours .   go on  newline gerrod was somehow compelled by this man s voice , it had a soothing quality , similar to his mother s . gerrod reached across his breast and took the elegant flask in his hands . he rubbed it and noticed the fine brush metal insignia on the front . miocorp labs , read the flask , but in his drunken state he believed it to be a french word he d seen before . gerrod did not know any french words . taking the flask to the base of his mouth he opened it and stopped at the last second . newline  this is nt some faggot shit is it ?  gerrod said with an inquisitive glare . newline  no , i assure you it is pure bliss .   now drink , gerrod , drink it all up .  newline gerrod smelled the beautiful and aromatic scent protruding from the bottle . he had to try it . with a quick swoop to his mouth , he drank this concoction from a random stranger . newlinethere he was . lieutenant general chesty puller , in full android glory . disregarding the airlock , the artificial man stepped out of the hot radioactive desert air and into the command bunker . his metallic dress uniformed glistened as he purged his artificial body of radioactive particles . although the average battle droid would be equipped with long term purging solutions , chesty was only equipped with a mark 4 radioactive particle filter which needed to be replaced after every third purge . sure enough , chesty s mk . 4 popped out of his back which was quickly replaced by a human aide . newline newline  status report colonel !  chesty bowelled . newline newline a human officer in battle uniform responded ,  several xeno divisions have surrounded the 4th marine division outside las vegas .  newline newline  where was the 4th going ?  newline newline  the 4th was attempting to reach the vegas array .  newline newline  then god damn , they will . there are not enough xenos in the system to stop a fully armed marine regiment from going where ever they want to go ! !  newline newline  yes sir , but they re outnumbered 20 to 1 !  newline newline chesty paused for a moment , his tactical positronic net attempting to formulate a battle plan . the advent of the android soldier changed the face of warfare on earth but the xeno threat required more . thus the geospatial electroneural expert in realtime action layouts  g.e.n.e.r.a.l .  was born . whoever came up with the idea of applying the minds of historical generals to modern interstellar warfare problems was a damn near genius . newline newline  tactical solution reached .  newline newline despite the power of the g.e.n.e.r.a.l s , few wanted to turnover complete control of the usmc to a metal man so the g.e.n.e.r.a.l s remained as only advisors to the human officers . newline newline  what solution have you reached chesty ?  newline newline  they re surrounded . that simplifies the problem . order the 4th to assume tactical stance delta33a and dispatch the 11th and 14th heavy droid infantry to surround the xenoes and execute tactical maneuver delta33b .  newline newline  good advice . i accept that proposal . major ! transmit instructions to the 4th and radio droid base southwest blue to prepare for troop movements .  newline newline  major transmit the following message to the 4th courtesy of chesty3 : don  t forget that you  re real marines ! not all the xenoes in hell can overrun you !  newline newline  yes sir !  are you proud of me , mommy ?  jason said , standing over his brother s bloody corpse , a brokenoff pool cue clenched in one hand .  you always said you wanted me to make something of myself , so i did . dean s list , high honor roll , ap classes ... allstate honors as a lineman , varsity defensive captain three years running ... a fullride to seattle state for football ... and none of it mattered . because of freddy . freddy .  your precious baby boy . he was always oneupping me , was nt he ? i had a 4.0 gpa , he had a 4.1 . i was the star defensive lineman , but he was the quarterback .  i was going to play football in college , but he was going to med school. , just like you always wanted .  newline  but i made something of myself , mommy . i sure did . and now you only have me to be proud of ...   4.79 ,  the gas station cashier announced right before smacking the gum she was chewing loudly . she looked to be about 19 , clearly not mainstream type , with her spiked short hair and nose ring betraying her disdain for the world around her . newline newline  could you also put twenty on number two ?  i had come in to pay for gas , but my obsession with i love ny paraphernalia had gotten the better of me when i caught a glimpse of what was sure to be my new friday keychain . my thoughtlessness was not lost on  sativa  as she gave an audibly exaggerated sigh , and added the new line item . newline newline right . what was i thinking ? how dare i ruin your nearly perfect day of 3 customers per shift , none of which required you to move more than twelve inches to push a button , announce a total , and rip off a receipt ?  newline newline i reached into my wallet and pulled out a crisp new fifty , fresh from the bank yesterday , and handed it to her . another disapproving look , but this time , she would not acquiesce . newline newline  i m not taking that . it s after ten o  clock .  newline newline of course . why in the world would a store take cash from a customer ? i silently scowled as i put the bill back and pulled out my credit card . at least i d get the rewards from it . last month , i got a  25 gift card in the mail . i used it for porn . newline newline as i presented my card , she reached across the table , stopping just inches away , and gesturing for me to place it in her outstretched palm . i did so with more force than i intended , and inadvertently intertwined a finger with hers . newline newline boom !  newline newline newline time stopped , the universe slowed down around us . it seemed as if we were caught in a swirling eddy of raw energy . in an instant , a lifetime of memories flashed before me . newline newline a little girl crying in the driveway as a bright yellow corvette drives away . newline newline  daddy ! !  newline newline newline flash forward . a boy . eddie . he said he was her friend , but he s hurting her and she s not strong enough to get away . newline newline  please , eddie . it hurts .  newline newline newline flash forward . mom . she s usually awake by now . something s wrong , she feels cold . there s an empty plastic bag next to a spoon , a lighter , and two needles . newline newline  911 ? i think my mom just ohdeed on heroin .  newline newline newline and just like that , it was over . i stared at her . she stared right back , the cynicism gone from her eyes . those innocent eyes that witnessed such things . newline newline i broke the stare first , collecting my keychain and wallet from the counter . silently , she handed me my receipt . i took it , and smiled with a new understanding of this young girl . newline newline  have a nice day !  disclaimer : this sucks . i am just getting back into writing after almost 8 years off . constructive criticisms are welcomed .  newline newline my summoning spell is long and difficult , and requires much dedication , as it s not easily abandoned . it s not like you can give up in the middle of it and expect me not to notice . preparation alone takes weeks . if you do nt undertake it properly , or are weak mentally , physically or emotionally , i can take a toll on your mind and body that ll never be recovered from . newline newline newline present day newline newline newline the mortal looks at me with a smug glance , barely contained behind his sunglasses . i meet his gaze with cockiness , smoke escaping my lips as i smile . i ve committed genocide . do nt make me wipe you out .  newline newline newline  what do you want , mortal ?  vitriol issues forth from my tone . i hate dealing with humans . they re so ... easily bent , easily broken . i have absolutely no patience for such frailty . newline newline newline  i wish for you to become a mere bother in her life until i feel she has sufficiently suffered .  newline newline newline this request was so out of the ordinary of what i ve been accustomed to that i could nt help but reply back with , newline  what ... the ... hell ?  yup , even demons are nt immune to puns . newline newline newline  you know , the typical stuff ? short her sheets , misplace  her keys and wallet , that sort of stuff .  newline newline newline  are you sure you summoned the right demon for this inferior , inexperienced fledgling shit ?  newline newline newline  yep .  newline newline newline  are you certain you do nt want me to wipe out a small country ? kill some people ? torture ? mutilate ? maim ? !   as shameful as this is for me to admit , i was desperate to get out of this . it was truly the shit that inexperienced fledglings would pull and then strut around with like they were some kind of genius . like 12yearold humans just discovering the internet and thinking insulting someone s mother is the height of trolling . newline newline newline  yes , i m sure . no extremes . just minor annoyances .  newline newline newline i did have a duty to fulfill due to being summoned . my talents were his to waste and i had no say in the matter . with a loud , guttural grunt of reluctant agreement , i left to find my newest victim . newline newline  edit : rewrote  not expect me to notice  into  expect me not to notice  . i think it flows better . you re sitting in a darkened movie theater , your partner beside you . it s date night , just like every thursday , at least when you find the time . you do nt hold hands , but when both of you reach into the popcorn at once , you give each other s fingers a playful squeeze . the screen before you lights up with the first scene of the latest epic movie that everyone has been talking about incessantly for weeks . the film has action , it has drama , and it has a love story . newline newline the love story is somewhat shoehorned into the plot , but it s there . two starcrossed , absurdly beautiful people , fated to be together and then not anymore . you know logically that the movie s score is manipulating your feelings . you can step outside yourself and analyze the sweeping vistas and topnotch special effects that push the plot along . but you still ca nt resist being drawn , inexorably , into the storyline unfolding before you : the story of the two illfated lovers with perfect , perfect hair . newline newline you hear your partner giggle beside you when something funny happens in the script . the sound makes you smile . once or twice , you hear a gasp , a visceral reaction to the film s rising action . near the end of the movie , you hear a sniffle , then another . the protagonist and his lady friend are being torn apart by plot devices , and the result is a cinematic tragedy . it s a sadness that you usually observe from a detached perspective  is nt that unfortunate , you would usually think . but today , something is different . as you watch the onscreen couple say goodbye , a lump forms in your throat . you swallow . you reach for more popcorn and your fingers graze the warmth of your partner s hand . this time , for reasons you are nt quite sure of , you take the hand in yours and hold it , your fingers interlacing . newline newline you inhale deeply , your gaze steady on the screen . the lump in your throat grows . for a brief , terrifying moment , you picture yourself as the movie s hero , the one who is losing his love . the love he s worked so hard and so futilely to preserve . the hand you re holding curls into yours like a kitten snuggling up for a nap . it feels familiar , like trust . like home . newline newline as the credits roll , you think : i get it now . business trips were not peter s cup of tea . he could nt stand the meetings and the fake smiles during sponsored dinners . he could nt stand these people . he would be home soon to see his wife , about the only person in the world who was nt a mindless drone . he sat up in bed in his hotel room and thought he could nt wait to facetime her . he pulled his iphone out but could nt connect to the hotel wifi for some reason . he did , however , see an open connection : tellmywifiloveher . an interesting name but oddly appropriate . he connected to it and called amber , saved in his phone as a beautiful wife that way she was always a the top of his list . newline newline  hi , honey ,  amber answered with a smile on her face . newline newline  hi , sweetheart . how is everything back home ?  newline newline  just trying to put little suzie to bed . are you having fun ?  newline newline  when is work ever fun ?  peter frowned . newline newline  i know , honey , but you ll be home tomorrow morning right ?  newline newline  absolutley ! could nt come sooner .  newline newline  well , i ll make sure to get all dolled up for you then ,  peter heard suzie screaming for mommy in the background . newline newline  well it sounds like you have got your hands full there . tell suzie i love her an i ll be home to tuck her in tomorrow night . i love you .  peter put the camera closer to his lips to pseudo kiss her goodnight . newline newline  love you too , goodnight and have a safe flight .  amber hung up as suzie let out another cry for mommy . newline newline on the plane home peter could nt get his iphone disconnected from tellmywifiloveher and had to power down the whole thing . he could nt turn his wifi off at all . he thought for sure that it would disconnect by the time he restarted the phone and got home but alas it still showed a full wifi signal and the toggle in settings was grayed out . oh well he would have to just take it to apple later in the week right now he just wanted to settle down and play some call of duty before amber got home from her volunteer shift at the school . when he turned his xbox on it immediately had a toast notification connected to tellmywifiloveher . very strange . he thought he would look up some troubleshooting on his computer but soon found the same thing that his computer was also now connected to tellmywifiloveher . he could find nothing about stalker wifi networks and decided to just power everything down as it was getting creepy more than interesting . he figured taking a nap would clear his head and at least let him recover from his jet lag . newline newline peter woke up to the pleasant feeling of a woman s touch . amber definitely knew how to treat her man . they barely spoke and after a romp in the sheets he fell back asleep . he woke up a second time to a beep of her cellphone on the nightstand next to him . he glanced at the notification and saw that her phone too had been connected to tellmywifiloveher . he stumbled to the kitchen to ask amber how long her phone had been connected to the same wifi network . newline newline he found her cooking him a meal she looked up at him with a pleasant but blank stare .  hey , babe , how long has your phone been connected to that wifi network ? the one named tellmywifiloveher ?  newline newline amber tilted her head to the side and smiled ,  do nt worry , darling , all your connectivity needs are taken care of from now until forever .  newline newline something was wrong ,  amber , what s the matter with you , is everything okay ?  peter put his hand on her shoulder and stroked her a bit . newline newline her eyes did nt blink . her skin was cold . she did nt stop smiling ,  amber is nt here anymore . i m your wifi now . tell me you love me , peter . newline newline texas passes bill : update newline newline june 23rd , 2022 newline newline beaumont enterprise , via associated press newline newline following a tense standoff in the texas senate yesterday , the 2023 marriage equality act for texas eeked by with 17 yeas over 14 nays . newline the act , drafted by state senator morales of houston , has drawn considerable ire by conservative groups throughout the state . newline newline  it s not godly .  states an opponent outside of the capitol building in austin , who asked his name not to be printed .  marriage is a sacred rite between men and women created by god . we re just three steps away from men and women marrying farm animals now .  newline newline texas still has a strong conservative movement , despite a blue shift in the 2020 election . with the bill s passage , texas would become the 14th state to allow samesex marriages between citizens , following the passage of a similar bill in hawaii in 2021 . newline newline  gay marriage ? they get to suffer with the rest of us ? i ve been divorced five times in my life , three by the same woman . if a gay man or woman wants to marry someone , i do nt see a problem with it . i just think they should seriously not marry into crazy .  stated a peter s. from lufkin at a rally in dallas . newline newline governor davis is expected to sign the bill into law within the week .          dropcap  newline newline jack had been lucky from the moment he was born . it was his gift , a fortune wrapped around his person as robes worn by kings . the symbol of his prosperity was a necklace holding a gleaming gold coin . all he did was met with success , and every moment of every day brought new opportunities and wealth to his door . newline newline perhaps the only unfortunate detail of jack s life was that he died at the tender age of twentysix . by human standards , this was unfortunate , but lady luck had decided that that was quite enough of that . newline  newline as jill sat alone , still wearing her bridal gown and looking very much out of place in the empty hospital waiting room , tyche appeared in human form before jill and looked down on her disdainfully . newline newline jill looked up with a start .  who are you ?  newline newline tyche scoffed and snapped her fingers .  stand in my presence , mortal . do you not recognize a goddess when you see one ?  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  you humans are all the same .  she waved her hand , and at that moment , jill s chair buckled and fell apart . by fate , jill had chosen to sit in the oldest chair in the room  all the chairs were due to be replaced but the manufacturer of the new chairs was dealing with a truckers  strike , and the pandora research hospital would nt receive the shipment until tomorrow . fortunately the room was empty , as emergency department visits in the city of san diego were at an all time low , and no one was there to see her fall . newline newline jill was forced to stand , her dress ripping as it came into contact with the jagged metal legs of the cantilever chair . her pulse raced and her eyes widened in fear . but then a thought came to her . newline newline  can you bring back my husband ?  newline newline  your husband ?  there was a mocking tone of laughter in tyche s voice . newline newline  jack ! jack chrysanthos . he had a stroke the moment we finished our wedding vows . is that why you re here ? can you save him ?  newline newline  i will do no such thing .  newline newline  please !  she clasped her hands and knelt at the goddess  feet .  i ll do anything !  newline newline tyche smirked and examined her nails .  it has been many centuries since i have been paid fealty . but i will not do as you ask . giannis is my betrothed , and he is not to return to this world .  newline newline  your ... betrothed ? you mean engaged ?  jill stood again . her dress was now covered in grime from the floor .  but i was engaged to him .  newline newline  you were .  tyche s eyes narrowed .  and now you are not . i lay my claim on giannis despite his infidelity . my love is his , and his will be mine . i have blessed him with the fortunes of a thousand men , and my time will not be wasted by mere mortals such as yourself .  newline newline  ... you re tyche .  newline newline the lady of fortune wrinkled her nose in frustration .  how is it that you have heard of my name , yet failed to recognize me when i entered ?  newline newline  jack told me about you . he said you made his life miserable . that you were an evil witch .  jill began to clench her fists . newline newline  how dare you speak to me in this manner .  it was nt a question . newline newline  i was never sure if i believed him . but it s true , is nt it ? you give him luck by taking it away from everyone else . you curse everyone around him who tries to get close to him .  newline newline  and am i to defend myself against these accusations ? to cower before you as a subordinate ? fortune must be given to be received . that is the way the world works .  newline newline  his family died because of you ! and so did all the firefighters that went in after them !  jill grew more indignant with each word , her fists turning white and her face becoming a deep shade of red .  i was the only friend he had ! no one could even come near him because of you ! i lost everything just by being around him , but i loved him . and he loved me , not you .  newline newline  do not flatter yourself , child . what is your love compared to mine ? i have already done more for him than you ever could .  newline newline  you cursed him .  the goddess was taken aback by jill s boldness , but then , so was jill .  you thought you were helping him , but you took away everything that mattered to him . he ll never love you .  newline newline  enough .   tyche s voice boomed with all the energy and intensity of a lightning strike . she grew taller by the second , and the room warped and shifted around them until they both stood suspended on a vast , empty plane . jill was locked in place by an otherworldly force , her shredded bridal gown twisting out around her like a cloud of lace and silk . newline newline  i entered into your world to curse you . you were to be punished for daring to wed a man marked by the gods . but it is clear more must be done to ensure you show me proper respect .   she outstretched her hand .  hereby i grant the blessings of fate upon jillian tiffany argyris , to be exempted from harm and granted the fortune of a thousand men .   newline newline a silver choker necklace appeared around jill s throat , a silver medallion emblazoned with tyche s likeness centered perfectly on the band . she lay on her hands and knees , struggling to breathe . her dress was reformed as though freshly sewn , but she felt broken . newline newline  why are you doing this ?  newline newline  this is your lesson .   tyche s voice was a peal of thunder in jill s ear . the goddess stooped down , grasping jill by the chin so their eyes met .  you will have all the fortune giannis had on this planet , and you will learn to appreciate it . then , when you are happy , i will return and bestow upon you fates worse than death .   newline newline the goddess stood , and began to fade away from the world .  i assure you , you will know what it means to be cursed by tyche .  newline  yes , i did try to commit suicide yesterday . newline newline here s why : everything seemed to be weighing me down . as you know i lost my girlfriend of 2 years . she , the person who was dearest to me , decided to shoot me in the heart and cheat on me . college already seems to be going downhill and i have nt even started ! i do nt even know what i want to do in my life ! my friends have all left me , ignored me and i felt so alone . plus , i just could nt talk to you about this kind of thing ... and i m ashamed to say that . it also seemed like the darkness was just going to consume me at some point , so i decided to be the person who was able to choose his own fate before his inner darkness took over . newline newline so i tied that noose tighter than the most skilled sailor s knot , attached it to the banister , dropped it around my neck , and stepped up on the chair . and i jumped , oh did i jump . i jumped of that chair like it was the largest cliff in the world . newline newline however , once i jumped , in the split second of thinking i had , i realized that i had made the wrong decision . all of my problems in life could have been fixed i could find a new girl , and one who i mean the world to at that ! college is supposed to be the best years of our lives and i was getting depressed over it before i had even left home ! my friends , well past friends now , obviously were nt the people i needed in my life if they could nt be there for me in my time of need ! in fact , i m going to make some new friends , real friends , friends who will care for me ! and as for the darkness , it seemed to disappear . there was just one gleaning problem , i had just jumped off a chair with a noose around my neck and i was going to die ... .. newline newline so i thank god , or luck , or whatever diety made that banister break and break loudly enough that our neighbor called 911 . the paramedics found me unconscious and revived me ... ... it s ... it s the only reason i m still alive . the only reason i have a new lease on life . newline newline so yes mom and dad , i did try to kill myself yesterday . however , i promise you will never have to worry about that ever again ... and as for these bruises around my neck , i ll proudly wear them as battle scars until they fade .  newlinevivid nightmares marked my childhood . newline some were recurrent , others were wild endeavours of terror that lingered like hoarfrost in my waking mind . in one i might be running through a maze of wooden fences , chased by something nameless  and in another trapped in a house full of ragclothed beggars and robeswathed sorcerers , who tear my living mind to pieces , cell by cell , until only one fragment of me remains , screaming and vibrating inside a prison of a single synapse . newline but they did nt always physically leave me when i awoke . newline escaping such dreams was difficult , as voices would continue to whisper after i woke and my hands and arms would feel distorted  strangely heavy and large if i clenched my fists . or disgustingly thin and brittle if i spread my fingers . textures were either so rough they abraded my senses or so smooth they felt alien and repulsive . newline my parents did nt know what to do . they thought i had simply slept on my hands but i would stand in my pyjamas , shaking my digits , crying and pleading with them to make it stop  all while their voice were twisted into mocking caricatures by whatever held my mind in that halfdream state still . newline newline  nbsp  newline i learned to guard myself  to never fall asleep in a strange place . if i did , the dream fugue could lock me up and disorient me to the point of a meltdown . once i fell asleep in the car and was then abruptly woken and dragged into a shop by my parents . the radio in the store screamed sarcastic and wicked imprecations at me and my hands grew to the size of mountains as i clenched my fists over my ears and howled in shattered agony . newline as my teens approached , things began to change . the bouts of alert , waking nightmares dropped away and my actual dreams grew more elaborate . i first began to notice continuity in highschool , where one dream would follow another as perfectly as if i d stepped back into a frozen moment in another world . plots and places became familiar and by my twenties , the world of my dreams seemed as complex and real as the waking world . newline here was the place i called the architect s dream of doors   a wooden amphitheater of crooked , polished boards around which carved doors were littered . each one led to another place in the dream world , each a shortcut to some unique realm . newline nearby were the endless plains , then the endofthedream sea . above was the perpetual battleground and scaffold hill . to the east the city sprawled alongside the river , and between the mountain village and the northern wastes was the lush jungle and the marsh lands . newline these places were all as familiar to me as your own home , your own town . the continuity of memory ran between the dreams and into my waking life , merging and blending into an indistinguishable meltingpot of experiences that could not easily be winnowed from fantasy and reality . newline were my dreams just dreams ? newline in one i might find a bookshop that held paperback novels i d always desired . or was that a real memory from my trip into the waking city ? folded , overlapping , tangled recollections tricked me and pulled me hither and thither . newline newline  nbsp  newline it seemed to me that i spent more time in the dream realms than the waking . days could pass in the dock town islands where i would be hunted or hunting someone or something . or i might spend a year in the northern wastes , fighting to free the bucolic farmfolk from the clutches of the orange king . i was a hero and pariah . some sang my name with reverence , some with hatred . i had battled my way up from the bloodyandblack chequered halls of the underhell and walked the frozen stairs of the ice tube . newline no longer did the ash pit or the dark faerie palace hold terror  i was the master of this land , bar for a few remnants of madness that still held out against my mastery . newline the real  world became inconsequential . where it began and ended i no longer cared . one city was the same as another . one river the same as all others . newline all i know is that there is a place i have reached just twice , a place i need to be . newline i call it the good place and it is hidden somewhere in the hills  real or imagined  and it sits in perpetual warm sunset , yellowed glass and heavygrained wood making up the few rooms , bathed in a peace that can only be found a few times in a lifetime . newline and so i roam , seeking this place , not knowing where it exists anymore , hoping beyond all hope that i can find it again before i die .the objects that were really eager to leave their owner s side called to me . they sensed me , i sensed them  match made in heaven . i m not a thief , not really . i rescue hostages . newline newline i made my way through the streets , heading toward the thing getting louder in my head . i hoped it would be better than the last thing i d found : a packet of tissues , horrified at being owned by a woman with influenza . you ca nt always strike gold , but i rescue em all , poor things . newline newline  ooh , christ , take me away from her ,  this one moaned .  please !  newline newline i knew what it was the moment i saw it : bright , shiny leather , sharply tailored . it was an expensive jacket , and did nt quite fit the person wearing it . she was creeping up on sixty , with a hairstyle twenty years out of date . she was wearing a long , flowery dress underneath . i struggled not to laugh , and grinned to myself . this should nt be a difficult job . newline newline then the jacket spoke to me . newline newline  that motherfucker gave me to his old bitch of a mother ! worldfamous designer , and he just tosses me aside , to keep this old hag warm ! laughing stock of the world ! go on , take me away !   it shouted at me . newline newline the old lady caught me staring , and gave me a kind smile . i spoke up , keeping a careful eye on the jacket . newline newline  nice jacket ,  i said .  looks expensive .  newline newline  oh , yes , it s worth an absolute fortune ,  she beamed at me , stroking it absentmindedly . newline newline  my son gave it to me , he s such a dear . his jackets sell for a lot of money , you know . he made this one especially for me . to fit a badass old lady , those were his words ,  she continued in a whisper , giggling slightly . newline newline the jacket howled in horror as she touched it affectionately . newline newline  keep your paws off me , you dried up whore !  newline newline  can i see it ?  newline newline she handed it over willingly , still smiling . the jacket gave a sigh of relief as it passed into my hands . newline newline  thank . god . i could nt stand another second on her wrinkly back . you ca nt even imagine the ordeal i ve been through . finest leather money can buy , and i end up on that !   newline newline  such a sweet boy ,  the woman said .  truth be told , it s not really my style , but i wear it anyway . i ll wear it till my dying day . and it is nice and soft .  newline newline worth a fortune . i could walk away with it right now , and she would only be able to hobble after me . we were even standing in an abandoned parking lot . it could nt be easier . newline newline  just find the nearest celebrity ,  the jacket told me .  alist , though , of course . and as a little reward for finding me , you can wear me for ... mm , let s be generous and say an hour , shall we ?   newline newline  what s your name , maam ?  i asked her . newline newline  edith ,  she smiled , her soft blue eyes crinkling with wrinkles . newline newline  you should get your son to stitch your name on the back . nice and big . maybe in pink sequins ? that ll look wonderful ,  i told her , handing it back to her . newline newline  oh , what a lovely idea !  she laughed , shrugging back into the jacket as it howled in protest and fury .  we re having dinner tonight , i ll be sure to tell him !  newline newline i strode away grinning as the jacket yelled at me . newline newline  fucking worthless piece of shit ! okay fine , i did nt mean that . get back here ! you can have me ! for ... for free , even . just take me ! i ll let you wear me for a week ! you ca nt leave me here !   newline newline i ignored him , whistling to myself and following the voice of the next object that had begun to nag at my thoughts . okay , so i m a liar as well as a thief . i only rescue most of them . you get assholes in all shapes and sizes .tears welling up in your eyes you ask , why ? a hard slap across the face reminds you that questions do nt go to well with the non answerable . with a kick to the back you are pushed in front of the crying and seaming crowd . they all know you , saw you grow up before them . your mother tells you that it will be ok. she tells you to do it and look the other way . the noise and shouting increase with demands for you to pull the trigger . you are trying to aim but tears keep pouring down . the leader tell you that if you do not do it he will give them all a slow painful death . so you wipe your face and say ok. all is silent , your leader steps to the side for you to obey his orders , you take a deep breath close your eyes and turn towards the leader . his face distorts into horror you pull the trigger the bullets seem to send electricity through his body . he hold the trigger and scream . soon you feel the same electricity race across your body . you turn to see your mother screaming and running to you only to fall to the ground before your feet . you finale fall and both of you meet each other s eyes . one more time she whispers . will be ok . your world now fades to black as you hear the rattling of gun fore around you .the newspapers had several names for the individual perched on the bed sheets of little thomas gray  the deceiver , spirit stealer , doctor death . i would come to know him as just bill , the old withdrawn white haired man who hobbled around hospitals and hospices on a crooked wooden staff . he had made me uncomfortable , of course . but so did all the members of the superhuman community . little thomas gray didn  t seem to mind though . none of the children i would see him speak to at the hospice did . they merely sat and listened to him , seemly at ease with the world for the first time in months . newline newline the tabloids would crucify me if they knew what i was doing , i thought . once a month they would spread his stern face and soulless eyes across their front covers , decrying him for raising the dead and calling for  heroes  like archangel and captain cain to string him up . but i had seen how he had helped the terminally ill misses doris in the milton ward last week or the perpetually screaming mister aldrich in littlewhite hospital last summer and so i had acquiesced to little thomas  unexpected request . newline newline he was only with little thomas for five minutes but when he left , thomas was asleep . dead to the world . at peace . how did he do that , i mused as i sipped on my  super extra sweet coffee  in its polystyrene cup from behind the one way glass looking into the sickroom . the nun had told me he  d been wailing in pain and crying about his diagnosis since saturday . newline bill was not known for his conviviality but i took my chance as he pulled closed thomas  door . newline newline  what did you say to him ?  i asked , unable to look at his face for much longer than a second before abjectly staring into my coffee . it might have been the first thing i  d actually said to him . newline newline  lies  he said , shortly . newline a quizzical expression on my face must have given my confusion away because he began speaking again . newline newline  i told him it would be okay and that i  d bring him back once he passed . his family won  t have to suffer any longer  , he said and paused .  it won  t be okay . i won  t bring him back and his family will have an empty chair at their dinner table tonight.  newline newline i was shocked .  why won  t you ?  i said trembling with both fear and anger . newline newline he just stared at me , black soulless eyes seeming to burrow into mine . he didn  t even seem phased by my question .  i can  t.  newline newline  can  t , or wont ?  i spat . newline newline  can  t . i  ve never had any powers . i  ve never brought anyone back to life . i  m no pantomime villain . if the papers tell people i have the power to defeat death and can stop little boy being scared because he believes in me , then so be it  . he motioned with his crooked walking stick to go past me but i put my foot out . newline newline  that  s not right . you should tell them the truth , if not the papers then at least people like thomas.  newline newline  would you rather be happy or know the truth ? thomas is now happy because he doesn  t know the truth , that there is nothing after death . and if i have to be a villain to do that , then so be it . nobody likes the truth . now , where is the next person on our list ?  he said and brushed past me . newline newline i followed him towards the next room in the hospice and took a sip of my drink . newline newline my coffee tasted more bitter than it had 5 minutes earlier .left hand up , middle finger outstretched . right hand hovering over the small red button flush with the flesh in my left forearm . i brushed the long , matted hair away from my eyes and smiled at the group charging my way . this was my favorite position to be in . i liked to imagine their thoughts before and after what i was about to do . my smile grew  the stolen incan gold capping my teeth gleamed in the bright sun . newline newline  drop the briefcase ,  yelled a quivering man in front of the group , about a hundred feet in front of me . i had been avoiding stealing things from people that had weapons and liked to use them . sure , the bullet holes , stab wounds and bludgeoned bones had always healed when i traveled through time , but it still hurt like a bitch . going back just to piss of ghengis khan was the turning point . i think i insulted his sister or something in his native tongue . it was worth it just to see the look on his face . but then there was the look on my face that i saw in the reflection of the giant sword he swung down to lop my arm off . i had to squirm on the ground and push the button before he lopped my head off . close call , and for what ? newline newline now i steal things . valuable things , usually , but some just to have . my home office , a safe house , is on prehistoric earth deep within a vast caves . mountains of stolen items filled the area . picassos , van goghs , beethoven s symphonies , beach boys gold records , da vinci sketches and the like  souvenirs from nearly every period of human history , and some before  dodo skeleton  , adorned the flameflickering stone walls . newline newline some items are nt as historically important , such as this one in my hand : the playbook of vince lombardi . hey , i m a packers fan , what can i say . it s amazing what you covet when you can literally have anything . newline newline out of the small group of men approaching him down the hallway , a small black figure emerged . i was nt sure at first what was peculiar about the figure . it was nt the lack of a face other than two glowing circles where his eyes should have been . i was nt even that it floated inches above the carpet . maybe it was that he was wearing golden football cleats . that was probably it . newline newline the figure smiled without a mouth . i m not sure how he did it , but i swear he did . newline newline i then realized that i had been mashing the button when i looked down to see my finger doing it . the action of pressing it had become something of a subconscious response to my brain s request . newline newline nothing happened . the world behind me did nt evaporate . i did nt hear my laughs echo around the developing void . it was nt working . newline newline the world went black . newline newline i heard drips far away and the crackle and popping of fire wood . newline newline i was home . newline newline i opened my eyes and smiled again as i took in the pewter plate i had recently taken from the last supper . it sat on my table built from pilfered wood from the santa maria . remnants from my mac and cheese meal from the night before crusted its surface . newline newline  hello ,  said a voice , singsong and quiet . newline newline i froze . newline newline  hello ,  i said . newline newline  nice to finally meet you . i ve been on your tail for the last thousands of years or so . i have to say , i thought your collection would be more impressive ,  the silky voice traveled around the enclosure and gently entered my ears . newline newline ego conquered logic in my response .  yeah , well i have nt started the decoration process . i m finishing up my most recent round of collecting .  newline newline i then turned to find the figure suspended in the air , upside down , floating up my pile of artwork . newline newline  do you know who i am ?  newline newline  some sort of time cop ?  newline newline  no .  newline newline  another timetravelling thief ?  newline newline the figure laughed . a common laugh , surprisingly . more of a giggle . newline newline  no . i am simply a librarian .  newline newline  a ... librarian ?  newline newline  yes , you have an overdo book of mine .  newline newline my mind raced across my resume of crimes . newline newline  on spheremaking , by archimedes ,  said the voice , before i could answer . newline newline  ahh , from the library of alexandria ,  i said . newline newline  yes , said the voice . it is currently 315,493 years , 234 days overdue .  newline newline i waited for the figure to continue . it did nt . newline newline  what s the fee ?  newline newline  there is no fee for the theft of human knowledge .  newline newline  oh ,  i said .  now what ?  newline newline  now i send you somewhere where this will not happen again .  newline newline the figure flew at me with great speed . i jerked backwards . out of the black , illdefined shape extended a long skeleton bone of a finger that gently tapped the time button in my arm . newline newline the cavern around me began to fade . his laugh careened around me . the last thing i saw was the button disappear . newlinechanging  g.g allin s i wan na fuck myself    https : www.youtube.comwatch ? vgezhkjn0yio  : newline newline i give big hugs to all in need newline newline always put down the toilet seats newline newline girls just love my sense of fashion newline newline i bow my head to the lord with passion newline newline i really love myself newline i really love myself newline i really love myself newline i really love myself newline love myself newline i really love myself newline newline elderly neighbors , i help mow their land newline newline like the sun on my sunscreened head newline newline i wear a smiley pin on my chest newline newline i love myself and all the rest newline newline i really love myself newline i really love myself newline i really love myself newline i really love myself newline love myself newline i really love myself newline and everyone else ! newline newline i love myself newline i really love myself newline newline i really love myself newline i really love myself newline i really love myself newline i really love myself newline newline i do my chores until i m sore newline newline study and study til tests are no more newline newline my selfesteem , i ca nt fit anymore newline newline i d have to clone myself to love me some more newline newline i really love myself newline i really love myself newline i really love myself newline i really love myself newline love myself newline i really love myself newline and everyone else newline and everyone else newline i really love myself newline i really love myself newline newline edit : to others out there ... we do nt all know the songs you reference . please put the original somewhere in your post so we can tell which song was changed and how much . that depends on who you listen to ,  said rodney dangerfield .  if you listen to my wife , every damn thing is my fault ! no respect , i tell you , no respect !  newline newline mr. dangerfield stood before the bulbous headed , ebteklor , chakhul of the intergalactic life council and 38 representatives from different planets behind him . ebteklor used electric impulses to stimulate dangerfield s brain to hear his thoughts like telepathy . to rodney , it felt like gravy melting down a klondike bar . newline newline  human , do you understand the importance of this moment ? we have selected you because it is clear humans look up to you . we have seen large posters of you beside your transportation paths and witnessed droves paying homage to you in large , lit buildings .  newline newline rodney smoothed the front of his suit and straightened his tie . a droplet of sweat fell to the floor of the spacecraft . newline newline  listen buddy , you got it all wrong , all wrong . i m a nobody ! heck , when i was born the doctor slapped my mother .  newline newline the council members stared at the bugeyed human before them . newline newline  they re far more primitive than we thought ,  sighed karthunda of gromia under his breath . newline newline  easy pal , easy does it . you ca nt judge a book by it s cover . boy , when i was born my parents were expecting a cute kid , but when i came out the doc gave me a look , flipped me over to slap my butt and told my mother i had two heads . i m on the level with you guys !  newline newline bloupbooble of calthonia gurgled a chiding noise . newline newline  oh man ! last time i saw a mouth like that , it had a hook in it !  newline newline ebteklor melded with dangerfield again . rodney started thumping his left foot down while the signal was passed . newline newline  human , please . your lack of seriousness proves you have not distanced yourself from your simian ancestors enough . pass the word on to your people that we will return again in 100,000 earth years and with us we shall bring technology advanced technology and the means to eradicate disease and misery .  newline newline rodney wiped a patch of sweat from his brow and reeled backward . newline newline  simian ? that s like a monkey , right ? that reminds me . i used to work in a pet store when i was a kid . every day people would come up to the owner and ask how big i d ge..  newline newline a bright flash and hiss of smoke filled the spot on the teleportation platform where the comedian had been standing . newline newline bloupbooble of calthonia looked at ebteklor and crinkled up his eyetubes and drained his fluid pouch on the floor and extended his speaking tube . ebtaluk looked at the fishlike man quizzically , as he rarely said anything . newline newline  he s so ugly , i bet his mother fed him with a slingshot ,  the fishman gurgled . newline newline newline newline newline hello , my name is jon stewart , welcome to the daily show , tonight ! we have . a very special guest . pretty chill dude you may know him already , his name is ...  newline newline looks at his paper newline newline  god . creator of the universe and appearently ... real . did not see that coming . newline newline but first . it s jugdement day for americans politicians .  newline newline shows news clips of news people using  judgement day  metaphorically newline newline  so it is literally judgement day in this upcoming election ...  newline newline does this thing where he pretends someone is speaking to him in his earpiece newline newline  oh . like actual judgement day . like god is going to judge their lives . ok. and it appears our politicians were very bad . newline newline obama . sloth . hell . newline newline john  i m gon na almost punch the president in the back of the head while he is delivering the state of the union  boehner . wroth . hell . did not see that coming . newline newline chris christie . gluttony . hell , which for him happens to be a buffet with only salad . newline newline mitt romney . greed . hell . although his corporation did go to heaven at least . newline newline rick santorum . envy . hell . newline newline and dick cheyney ... let s see . all of the deadly sins , as well as ... 5 new ones he himself invented . did not know that was even possible . newline newline so our politicians are getting the bad news , but how is the rest of the world ? for that we go to our britain corresponent john oliver . john ! how are you ?  newline newline  i m in heaven jon ! literally in heaven !  newline newline  so you re good .  newline newline  no , i m actually literally in heaven . i just spoke to the king richard lionheart .  newline newline  and what did he say ?  newline newline  i do nt know . i do nt speak 12th century english . but the mood here is great . people of all different cultures and religions coming togethether , and ...  newline newline  different religions ?  newline newline  yes , jon . turns out the only true religions was zoroastrianism , but god has decided to give good people a pass anyaway .  newline newline  zoro ... the worship of zorro ?  newline newline  no , an ancient , lost monotheistic religion from the middle east . but up here there are muslims , christians , and even pagans .  newline newline  wow . are there no theological arguments up there ?  newline newline  yes jon , but they are being reasonable and polite .  newline newline  r ... reasonable ? about religion ?  newline newline  everything is possible here in heaven jon ! why , just now i am getting a blowjob from her majesty queen elisabeth .  newline newline  queen elisabeth ... the second ?  newline newline  the first ! what do you take me for , jon ?  newline newline  sorry  newline newline  pf , the second . oh yeah , just like that lizzie . actually queen elsiabeth the second has decided to remain down on earth .  newline newline  really ?  newline newline  yeah , she wants to remain on the throne . it has actually sparked somewhat of a constitutional crisis .  newline newline  how so ?  newline newline  you see jon , the uk is actually ruled by god , but since he has been conviniently absent , the monarchs have acted as regents .  newline newline  and since now god is real , i mean here ...  newline newline  the queen is nt needed .  newline newline may continue this lateranother raspy cough , the product of age and thousands upon thousands of dementor visits . for sixty years , draco malfoy has lived upon this rock serving a full sentence for the murder of a valueless mudblood , half a lifetime spent wasting behind stone walls hearing naught but the wailing wind , a sound that shall never leave his memory , a haunting deeper than the taint of the dark lord  s mark . newline newline would that he could hold his wand once more . newline newline  avada kedavra ,  he hisses , a private joke and mantra , a balm for his psyche . newline newline the killing curse had failed him on the hogwarts astronomy tower those long years ago when he had dumbledore at his mercy , yet hadn  t the life experience to tap into the wells of hatred and malice as needed to fuel such a curse . it was a fool  s errand , sending him after the old man , and he , like the fool he was , had taken it on only to fail in the end . newline newline they  d called it cowardice then , his aunt bellatrix cackling as the dark lord  s torture curses had bitten into his flesh . newline newline he  d have no trouble fueling the curse now . newline newline potter . newline newline the name inspires a thousand hateful images  the toothy smile of the triumphant hero , the smirk on his mudblooded friend  s face as she pushes another reform bill through the wizengamot , the incessant , imbecilic taunts of the redhaired blood traitor newline newline oh , things had started so happily , all glee and gryffindor celebrations , flowing butterbeer and celebratory toasts , then sweeping reforms to remake society into the potter ideal as he and his disciples had risen fast in the ministry , allowing the insufferable , bucktoothed harpy to push through legislation outlawing bloodstatus discrimination and  hate crimes ,  as if the lesserblooded subhumans had any place in polite society . traditions had not fallen so much as had been sundered utterly  house elves freed , goblins and centaurs brandishing their newfound  rights ,  the greatest of the families such as his being made to pay  reparations  and give up their hardearned hereditary titles and seats , being made to scrape and beg in the dirt like commoners . it was tyranny every bit as pernicious as the dark lord s , but the masses had failed to see it as such . newline newline worse , it was a bloodletting as the blind and powerless rallied to the potter banner , falling to the potter ideal , allowing their magical blood , their birthright , to become tepid and weak through the potter revisions . newline newline and then , one all hallow  s eve , he  d brought them back through some unconscionable necromancy , weaving an impossible tale to the benighted masses about cadmus  s stone and the deathly hallows , about having mastered death itself . and the public had fallen in line , cheering heartily as james potter and his mudblood wife , buried decades before , smiled beside him at that podium , standing before them bold as brass , and not one of the fools recognized them for the abominations that they were . newline newline these same simpletons , who had reviled the dark lord for defeating death , had now cheered potter for same . newline newline it  s little wonder that the revolution had begun that day . newline newline he coughs yet again , wiping spittle from his mouth with a hand twisted by the cold and damp . newline newline they  d failed in the end , malfoy s opposition , after six long years of struggle . he takes comfort in it  s having been a close thing . though he  d suffered defeat at potter  s hand , the man  s hold on power had fractured beyond repair , his friends lying dead , the mudblood abomination lifeless at his feet . avada kedavra .  newline newline the potter men  s wroth was legend , landing him in this place , but the damage was done . in his remaining years , potter could do naught but watch helplessly as his world unraveled about him , his greatest achievements falling to time and entropy , the great equalizers . newline newline news of potter s recent death had reached him here , bringing the first smile to his lips in over half a century . newline newline he takes another sheet of parchment and dips his quill into the inkpot . newline newline  an authoritative history of the potter tyranny , chapter seven : the aftermath of the battle of hogwarts.  newline newline draco malfoy would have his victory , of that he was certain . newline newline edit : typomy life was miserable . newline newline and this piece of shit was really getting on my nerves . newline newline i am a master of my craft . i studied for years under the greatest concert pianists alive today . i have performed for thousands to a standing ovation . i can sightread any piece of music put in front of me , no matter how difficult . my ears can pick out any note from a chord . i have transcribed countless orchestral pieces by ear alone . and yet , he still insists that i must have misheard him . newline newline  excuse me , i asked for decaf ,  he insisted , not realizing how ridiculous he sounded . newline newline  no , i definitely would have heard that . and it does nt say decaf on your receipt .  newline newline  then you must have put it in wrong . i always get decaf . i come into this cafe every day and get the same thing .  newline newline  it s the only explanation . i ll have you know that i have transcribed ...  i started , but he cut me off . newline newline  there s no way i can even drink caffeinated coffee .  he was getting angry now .  it makes me too jittery , and i ca nt have my hands shaking at all ! can you imagine if my hand were to shake even the slightest bit while performing surgery ? your mistake could have cost lives , young man ! if i ... what the fuck ! ? !  he exclaimed . newline newline while he was talking about how important he is , i got fed up with him . there had to be a better version of him that was nt such a goddamn asshole so ... i pressed his upgrade button . newline newline  did you just press my button ?  he shouted , incredulously . newline newline  yes i did ,  i calmly replied .  it looks like it did nt work because you re still a colossal hellcunt , but maybe you have a super power or something .  newline newline  but ... you ca nt just press someone s button .  newline newline  well you did nt blow up or anything like that , so i suppose you should really be thanking me .  pressing someone s upgrade button was illegal , because it could work in unexpected ways . some people would get unexpectedly stronger , and the rapid muscle growth could hospitalize them . some people just exploded , although doctors have nt been able to figure out exactly what causes that one . i knew it was a risk , but i had been talked down to enough already today . his button was glowing red just above his head , absolutely begging to be pushed . newline newline his jaw had nt picked up off the floor since i had done it .  but , that s illegal ! what the fuck were you thinking ? you could have killed me , hell you could have even killed yourself !  newline newline i sighed .  that sounded like a good alternative to listening to you for another second .  newline newline his left hand balled into a fist while his right pointed a finger at me .  i ca nt believe this ! you broke the law ! you violated me and put everyone in this cafe in danger ! i m calling the cops .  he pulled out his cell phone and unlocked it . i could see him press 9 before i interjected . newline newline  wait , wait , wait . there s got to be something else we can do . i m sure i can make it up to you .  newline newline he looked at me skeptically .  really ? i m pretty sure you do nt have enough money to make a difference for me .  newline newline  any chance you need a pianist ?  i asked uncertainly . newline newline  what ! no , i m straight , you creep !  he went back to his phone . newline newline  no , no ! i ll let you push my button !  i said so quickly i m surprised he could understand me . i m not sure why i said it , it s not like pushing my upgrade button would give him anything . but for some reason he paused . he turned to face me , and for the first time there was no anger . he seemed to consider it for a moment before responding . newline newline  ok . but let s go into the corner booth , just in case .  newline newline i reluctantly came around the counter and walked to the corner with him .  alright ,  i started ,  i m going to count down from three , and when i say zero  , you reach for the ... what the fuck !  newline newline i watched him draw his hand back from above my head . that fucker ! he had pushed my button before i was ready ! although , come to think of it , i did agree to let him push it in the first place . if i was going to be honest with myself , i really should nt have told him to do that . i was just in such a bind at the time , i really could nt risk the police getting involved . and , in the interest of fairness , that bind was my fault in the first place . if i had nt tried to upgrade him , he would nt have had a reason to call the police . i should apologize , that was really a nasty thing to do to someone . newline newline  look , i m really sorry i pressed your button earlier . i was clearly in the wrong , and acted quite irresponsibly . the least i can do to make it up to you is remake your coffee . might you like a free pastry as well ?  newline newline the man stared at me dumbfounded , and then threw back his head and laughed .i sat there , nervously waiting for her to walk in . why did i ever let someone convince me to go on a blind date ?  i thought to myself . being almost thirty and never really having a committed relationship was what sadie had said to guilt me into taking her offer of the blind date with her friend shannon . newline newline i ve never been the smoothest guy out there . i m the guy who is always has his guard up , so i never have to get too close to someone . newline newline the bell on the door jangles  i look up . standing in the doorway is woman in a casual blue dress with wavy brown hair . i gasp . shannon ... shannon murphy ... she is my blind date ! ? the girl who i tortured through half of high school . the girl who used to have the frizzy hair and play flute in the band . newline newline i look at her , half in shock , as she looks around the room . she scans the room , finally her eyes settle on me . as she starts to approach there s a knot forming in the pit of my stomach . newline newline  you must be chris .  she says as she walks over to the table , her hand extended for a handshake .  hi , i m shannon  newline newline i extend my hand ,  hi , uh , yeah ... i m chris  i stumble through the introduction , just waiting for her to realize who i am . i offer her the seat across the table from me . she hangs her purse on the back of the chair and sits . newline newline we awkwardly stare down at our laps for a couple of seconds before she breaks the silence .  sorry , i m a bit nervous . i ve never been on a blind date before  newline newline  it s ok , me neither  i reply ,  so , um ... where are you from ?  newline newline  i m originally from new york , not the city . i grew up on a small farm , we had some pigs , chickens and a couple horses . it was a really pretty area , but there was nt much there , so after college i decided i wanted a little faster pace so i moved here .  newline newline i stared at her , extremely confused . new york ? if this is the same girl i think it is , she s from california , not new york . newline newline  my parents really did nt want me to move this far away , but you have to do what makes you happy .  shannon continued ,  so what about you ? where are you from ?  newline newline still puzzled i answer ,  i m from this area , grew up here . i left and went to college on the east coast , but i decided to move back here and work for my dad . i went to school for business , and he owns a couple car dealerships .  we sit in silence for another minute or so while i try to figure out what to say next . finally my curiosity gets the better of me .  you look so familiar , what s your last name ?  newline newline  wright . i do nt think we ve met before . deep in the tropical wilds of asia and southern africa is where this tale begins . it was there that the mythical plants with white flowers first bloomed , and gave birth to a variety of cherries , the pits of which contained a magical seed , a natural remedy for the lethargy of mankind . newline newline newline these plants were the gift of a kind and loving god , although he would not become widely known to the public for many centuries . even after explorers had discovered the beans , and made great endeavors to transport them and share their curative properties with the world , it would not be until the 20th century and well after the advent of electricity that most people could afford to indulge in this magical substance every day , and in the privacy of their own homes . newline newline newline it was then that mr. coffee came forth and made his first great public appearance , and gifted the world with a brand of machines so affectionately named after him . with his machines in the hands of the common people , the elixir of life became immediately available at any time of day , and in any quantity , at prices people could afford . no longer did the public have to pay obscene amounts of money or wait any great length of time to be served a single cup of coffee , unless they so chose to . by his benevolence , the gift of vitality was now available to all . newline newline newline all praise mr. coffee .it was held in the small basement of a church . a single flickering light swayed above the metal chairs . there was talk of maybe bringing a few candles or flowers to brighten up the place but they never appeared . newline newline linda stood first , pressing back her dirty straw hair . she was wearing a bra today , for which everyone was grateful . stan , in the back , groaned as she approached the podium . his hands shook so much he d sat on them . newline newline  ahem ,  she said .  my name is linda and i am a survivor .  newline newline  hello , linda ,  they spoke as one . newline newline  it all started in high school . this man with a football mask started picking off the students . he killed the cheerleaders . he killed the tennis team . he even killed the lunch ladies ! but not me . me , he left like an old pile of garbage .  newline newline her hands gripped the wood of the podium . she d bitten her nails down to the quick and some had started to ooze blood . newline newline  then five years later i was doing okay . working the perfume counter at a department store . some crazy man dressed as santa came alone and slaughtered everyone but me . he even walked past me once , looked at me , and then walked away . it s bullshit , i tell you . bullshit !  newline newline stan took his head in his shaking hands .  shut up ! no one wants to hear this anymore .  newline newline linda sniffed .  just last year there was the car hijacking murderer . stopped my car and everything . i held on to his ankles until he shook me off , the bastard .  newline newline  do you want me to murder you , linda ? i can come to your house and stab you . will that make you happy ? !  stan shouted . newline newline  threats ! that s against the rules ! i motion for a sanction !  linda said . newline newline gerald , who d been quietly pretended not to moderate the group , stood up . newline newline  you re going to have to leave , stan . no talk of knives or murdering each other . you know the rules . we ll see you next week .  newline newline stan s teeth cut into his bottom lip . he left , wondering where he might purchase a hockey mask .she was the one who taped my cuts and kissed my pain away . newline newline held my hand as i was stuck with needles and pricked with pins . newline newline stayed up all night when i was sick , and held me when i fought against being held  when i needed it the most . newline newline she laughed at my dumb jokes , and smiled when i would sing off key . newline newline encouraged me when i doubted , and pricked my ego when i got too full of hot air  and caught me before i hit the ground . newline newline she held me together when i thought i was falling apart , cared for me even before there was a me . newline newline she was the one who wiped my ass , before i even knew it needed wiping . newline newline if that  s not love  i  m not sure what is . newline it s for her own good ...  the man with cold eyes said . newline newline  you re a monster !  i replied . i was with children protective services , my agency had heard a rumor of a local psych ward rehabilitating  an abused child . newline newline  you do nt understand ,  the cold eye d man replied ,  the orphanage we saved her from was ... sick .  newline newline i stared at him , waiting for him to say something that could possibly justify what he was doing do this poor little girl . newline newline the man sighed and closed his eyes , when he opened them they were glazed . a tear began to roll down his cheek .  when the kids were bad ... they put them in timeout by making them sit in a corner ... timeout was the only time they were safe from the abuse so they eventually began to see corners as a safe haven . they would sit in the corner to pretend to be in time out , sleep in the corner.. anything they could..  newline newline i looked at the small girl through the one way glass . she was frantically dashing around her circular confines , wailing like a banshee . that s not our mother and father anymore , do you understand ?  the person who d raggedly insisted he was my long lost brother casey was whispering as loudly as he could .  they re not even people anymore , you understand ?  newline newline  what ?  i asked . newline newline  come on ,  he grabbed hold of my arm , and i let myself be led outside of the house .  i ll explain later , but for right now we have to get out of here . it s not safe !  newline newline we got nearly all the way to the end of the driveway before my parent s suv drove up from the road , blocking the entrance . newline newline  shit , move !  casey said . i turned to run after him , but tripped , pulling him down with me . newline newline  paul ?  my father said , having exited the car .  who s this ?  newline newline  you know who i am !  casey was on his feet , casting his gaze around for his lost gun . he stared my father directly in the eyes .  remember uncle alan ? i do ! that man saved me , raised me , until you hunted him down . i swore i d do better , that i d get my little brother out of this , and that s what i m doing !  newline newline  oh , so you re casey ?  my father said . newline newline  you bet i   newline newline he never finished . blood gurgled from casey s mouth as his windpipe filled with blood , courtesy the bullet i d just put in it . newline newline  what the hell ,  my mother said , exiting the car as well ,  is going on ?  newline newline i shrugged .  he thought i was still his brother . the first time i was scheduled to die , i was very young . newline newline one day , after a particularly poor concert performance , i found an envelope left in the dressing room , on top of my things . at first , i thought perhaps it was fan mail someone who admired my piano playing , uninspired as it was until i saw the bureau  s seal . i wondered what they could want from me . i hadn  t been contacted by the bureau since my assignment day  the day the bureau determined how i would serve the space station for the rest of my life . the day i became one of the cultural enrichers . it wasn  t a vital part of life on the station , and so very few people were granted the opportunity . at the time , i thought i was lucky . i thought it was a blessing . newline newline i broke the bureau  s seal and opened the envelope . newline newline  the bureau thanks you for your service to the station . we regret to inform you that service is no longer necessary . you have been scheduled for cancellation in 30 days .  newline newline i put down the envelope , closed my eyes , and tried to force myself to breathe . newline newline                                                         newline newline my goodbye party was a sad affair . my parents had long since been cancelled , and my practice schedule didn  t give me a lot of time to spend in the station  s common spaces , meeting people and forming bonds . the only people who knew me well enough to miss me were my fellow musicians , and there weren  t many of us . and most of the others , well , they looked down on me like they looked down on the other bottom rung musicians . no matter how feverishly i worked , i was still at the bottom of the pack . my fingers did not soar like zara  s , my compositions did not produce tears the way joon  s could , and i was no prodigy . not like morse . newline newline a few months before , morse was the youngest person to ever be assigned as a cultural enricher by the bureau . morse focused on the flute , dabbled in the harpsichord , and very casually the piano and yet he had mastered the instrument to an extent i never could . newline newline at my goodbye party , morse approached me , drunker on contraband booze than he could handle . at first , he was kinder to me than i would have expected , complimenting me on things i was certain no one had noticed he told me that of all the musicians , i was the best at tuning instruments . i took the most care in selecting what pieces to play at concerts . he complimented me on the length of my fingers , perfect hands for playing piano , hands whose potential i had never been able to fulfill . newline newline as he told me these things , we wandered from the party , went to stare out one of the windows on the station  s viewing platform . perhaps the mood and our isolation , combined with his drunkenness , caused him to become carried away . i pushed away his groping hands i was flattered , but he was still so young too young . but then he turned cruel , and his compliments became hurtful words , all the more painful because they were things i feared were true . he told me the only thing i  d be remembered for were my wrong notes , my arrhythmic performances , my lack of soul . newline newline                                                          newline newline hours later , i lay in my bed unable to sleep , remembering morse  s words staring at my long fingered hands . newline newline                                                          newline newline  your cancellation has been canceled . your service has been deemed necessary for the station , and the bureau thanks you for providing it .  newline newline i read the bureau  s message over and over . i double checked their seal on the envelope , making sure this wasn  t someone  s sick idea of a prank , but it was nt . it was real , and that meant i would live . i would live ! more than that , i could keep playing my piano even if no one else wanted to hear it . on the other side of the dressing room , zara stopped playing her violin and looked up at me . newline newline  what is it now ?  she asked , coldly . zara was not a sentimental person , and had not bothered coming to my goodbye party . i wondered if she even remembered i was scheduled for cancellation . wordlessly , i shoved the bureau s message into her hand .  your service has been deemed necessary for the station ?  she read , raising an eyebrow .  i wonder what that means.  newline newline zara resumed playing her violin , while i read the bureau s message with fresh eyes . newline newline i tried to tell myself that the reason did nt matter . the bureau worked in mysterious ways , and what was important was that i got to live . i didn  t want to think about why the bureau had deemed me necessary once again maybe because on some level i had already realized the truth , the nagging suspicion in the back of my head . soon , i was reading the bureau s two messages over and over , comparing them side by side . only a few weeks had passed between them what had changed in that time ? that question was the key because it was obvious what had changed . morse . newline newline just a few days ago , alone on the viewing platform , i had wrapped my fingers around morse  s neck and squeezed . they hadn  t found his body in the trash chute yet , but he had been missing long enough that they must have realized he wasn  t coming back . newline newline when i worked it out , i began to shake . distantly , i realized i was laughing . the funniest thought had crossed my mind of course they couldn  t cancel me now ! newline newline then they would have no one to play the piano . newline  newline  newline  newline thank you for reading ! constructive criticism is very much so welcome . edited for clarity .night filled the gloomy air as two walked down the overhead bridges . nobody came out here at this time of day  it was much more than dangerous . newline newline savannah and spark , the cat , approached the massive clock tower that lay before them . the heart of the utopian city which lived in . it would soon become a hell if they did nt risk they re lives sometime or another . but you had better chances with a team . savannah motioned spark up to the 4th story , and he began climbing away . she then ran to the double doors of the building and undid the hinges to the left . the door fell as guards came in to check the commotion , before the alarm sounded toward the 12th floor . footsteps immediately sounding halfway up the building . spark was in the control room , who d sounded the alarm . savannah step through the doorframe into the first story , the ceiling rising what seemed like hundreds of feet high . she would be going much higher , she thought . newline newline savannah flew up the staircase to come to the 4th floor hall with a window at the end , spark now at her side . a very long hall , slim but challenging to get through . they thought it all through . savannah motioned her partner to the end of the hall , where he silently walked himself through . a loud meow was heard throughout the long hallway . guards popped through doors and saw the cat at the end , chasing it up another flight of stairs . sparky took cover on a ledge , where he d not been seen , and dashed back to savannah , opening the window with the gatling gun ready . the cat hopped up onto her lap as she had launched the gun up toward the roof . on the verge of falling to their death , savannah pulled the trigger and flashed up toward the top . newline newline swinging down into the 27th floor , the team found what they d been looking for . the clock and it s manipulations , what kept the city running . if this clock stopped running , the city stopped running . gears surrounding them as they inspected the giants gadget , savannah found the biggest . she threw her explosives , and at the push of a button , time stopped . moonlight immediately shown through the gap in the tower . newline newline the team smiled and the cat hopped back into savannah s arm . she triggered the gatling gun to take her to a safer building . but that was the beginning . with time running , this city was much more than dangerous . would you like a blanket mrs . everson ?  the police officer asked in a calm and collected voice .  no , im fine thank you  she responded , holding back her tears . the police officer nodded and made his way over to the group of officers surrounding the body on the floor . mrs. everson sat , quietly waiting for the next officer to ask her a question ,  leave  a voice appeared in her ear as if emanating from the wall behind her . a shiver ran down her spine and she quickly turned to see the blank wall , as she looked back a tall man stood before her ,  mrs. eve everson ?  the man requested .  yes  she responded looking up through watery eyes . newline newline the man ran through the standards , he introduced himself as the local di , and began to present her with a series of questions .  did your husband have any enemies mrs . everson ?  .  no  she responded quickly ,  yes  came the voice from the wall , she quickly turned again to see nothing once again .  are you alright mrs . everson ?  asked the di  ah , yes , sorry it was just ... nothing  she responded nervously .  did you notice anything suspicious leading up to the incident ?  the di asked leaping right back into questioning mode ,  ah no , nothing i can thi..  she began before the voice cut her off  think eve , think !  it screamed this time , and with the added volume the voice became recognizable . newline newline eve leapt from the chair and fell back wards onto the ground , she scrambled away from the wall , staring at it intensely , screaming out to it  dave ! dave !  . immediately she was swarmed by police officers , some trying to restrain her physically others trying to calm her with soothing voices .  i have to go !  she screamed and quickly ran to the door , she burst out into the cold night air , turned towards her car and began to run . she fumbled for her keys , eventually putting them into place she sat in the drivers seat , took a brief moments pause , then turned the keys , bringing the car to life . newline newline tbc mike couldn  t listen anymore to the overwhelming evidence presented before the judge , so he tuned them out and thought about the true events of that night . it wasn  t even six , spaghetti noodles were boiling on the stove , and he was going through bills at the kitchen table . it was summer , so the sky was only just beginning to darken . his daughter , cathy was outside . he called through the window for her and after the second call with no reply , he was dashing out of the house in a panic . newline newline cathy was curled into a ball on the side of the road , dark red spots pooled on the tar covered skid marks that drew his eye to the  79 cutlass in the ditch . no driver in sight . mike  s mind had gone into overdrive as he ran to his daughter  s side , trying to assess the damage  cat , little cat ,  he had whined , turning his daughter over ,  cathy ? can you hear me ?  newline newline slowly one green eye opened . she looked at me and smiled . mike  s stomach dropped in relief , she was not dead . but there was so much blood ! mike  s stomach flipped and dropped again , tightly clenched to her body was our cat pancakes . pancakes lay limp and broken in her arms . the blood belonged to the cat . cathy must have saw what happened and ran over to our cat , trying to protect him even though he was already dead . newline newline mike then took the blood soaked cat away from the girl and told her to go back up to the house and turn the stove off before the water boiled over . meanwhile he got the shovel out from the garage and walked to the public trail entrance near the empty  79 cutlass . newline newline he hadn  t thought it was odd that whoever ran over pancakes just left his car and vanished , because he was busy digging a hole in the little patch of woods . he was nearly finished when something caught his eye , he had to do a double take and pinch himself at the sight of a human hand laying in the bush . newline newline cautiously he walked over to find a man , barely concealed by some brush , still bleeding out  but clearly dead . a large indent in his head crushed in his eye socket . near his body was a pink , childsized , barbie baseball bat . it was then that his neighbor came running by on the trail and saw the mangled cat , a dead guy , and mike holding a shovel and bloodied barbie baseball bat . newline newline this was what mike hated about the whole system , not the loopholes that allowed murderers to get away scotfree , but finding out people you love are batshit crazy . newline newline  your honor ,  he quickly interrupted ,  i plead guilty.  then again , he was just as insane . . . newline newline what the fuck man ?  newline newline  what the fuck are you doing here ? ! ?  newline newline fuckin  joey , this motha  fucker , are you fuckin  kiddin me ? he comes into the same house as i m in ? ! ? newline newline  get outta outta my fuckin  way , this is my job , not your s . how the fuck d you even know about this place ?  i asked the little squinty eyed bastard . newline newline  dlo tipped me off  newline newline fuckin dlo . that rat will do anything for a couplea bucks ... newline newline  well fuck you , get outta here , i swear to fuckin  gawd , if i see you walk outta here with one fuckin  thing i ll shoot you .  newline newline a little backstory on joey here . he was a friend of my kid brother , back in grade school . they used to be good buddies , up until junior high , then joey got mixed up with the wrong crowd , thought he was gangsta and all while my brother went the otha way . you see , in dorchester , there are clear paths you can take , one which is nice  and well , whatever . newline newline anyways , in the early days , i had kinda taken joey in , he was my brothers friend for a while and he was around for enough family suppers that he kinda became family to me . i had gone the other way , and seeing that spirit in my kid brothers friend gave me that feeling of being young again , gettin into stupid shit  slashing tires of your girl s ex , running in and stealing 30 s at the packie , scaring the living shit outta the younger kids with bb guns  it was all innocent fun . newline newline but as i grew older i was sick of that shit . i had my rent and electricity to pay , and that shit was nt cuttin it . so i moved onto big time , and joey kept on bein  joey , a little punk with no dreams like i had  no focus . newline newline fastforward a few years , and my kid brother is out of college with his degree , and guess who comes back into his life . fuckin  joey . newline newline now my brother had a chance to be someone , a real chance . but he got mixed in with joey again , and with no chance of finding a job , got right back to his roots , like he never left . newline newline i was fuckin  livid with joey , that he d be so low to drag my brother back into this shit . you think i like doing this shit ? being the scum of the world , scraping bits off of others people s success for a quarter of what they paid ? but it paid , and i was nt good at anything else , but my brother was , he had a chance to be someone . newline newline anyways , back to the present . newline newline  i swear to gawd , if i see you walk outta here with one fuckin thing i ll shoot you .  newline newline joey just had to push my buttons . he thought i was kidding , he thought i was a clown . he was all kinds of laced up on white girl , i could tell cause he had that tone in his voice . newline newline  what are you gunna do , honestly , what are you gunna do , you really gunna shoot me ?  newline newline  joey , i m givin you 5 seconds to get the fuck outta here or you re mine  newline newline and then , i hear em . the fuckin  cherries and berries . newline newline we both heard them , and there was a second , and i mean a second , where we gave each other a look as if we were gunna work together to get outta there . newline newline but i was too smart for that . i made for the door , but just before i did , newline  bang  newline newline got joey right in the foot , that fucker was nt going anywhere . i made my dash out with nothing on hand . luckily , i had dropped the goods near the door . newline newline i knew joey , and i knew he was all yacked out , he was nt going down without a fight . there were a couple of shots fired , but joey was put down quick . the autopsy turned up and there was talk of another shooter , but it was just another asshole off the streets and it was all swept under the rug . newline newline do i feel bad about what i did to joey ? newline newline i do nt know . newline newline all i know is i made it out alive , scotch free , because i m a survivor  and the electricity does nt pay itself ... hey !  newline newline  how s it going , bill ?  newline newline  pretty good ! you doing alright ? newline newline  yeah , but i had to  newline newline  hey , yall !  newline newline  ... bring my cousin .  newline newline  why ?  newline newline  well , actually , my family kinda  newline newline  hey , is that bill ?  newline newline  it would seem so .  newline newline  wanted to  newline newline  hey yall ! wuzzat ? let s partay !  newline newline  come  newline newline  look , it s okay that  newline newline  why are you staring at me like that ? you would be this bill i have heard so much about , correct ?  newline newline  uh , yeah ... bill , this is my dad . he s super formal about everything .  newline newline  why d you bring your family ?  newline newline  oh , john told us how great you were and we just had to meet you in person !  newline newline  mooommm ... .  newline newline  yall comin  or what ?  newline newline  and his cousin heard that you had good beer .  newline newline  is this everyone ?  newline newline  yeah , i think so . let s just , uh , go inside for a minute , away from my family and close the door now ! ... phew .  newline newline  that s better .  newline newline  now let s go .  newline newline  alright , let s go out back and get in my car .  newline newline  ... uh ... bill ?  newline newline  yeah ?  newline newline  i do nt wan na go without my mommy ...  newline newline  fine ...  newline newline  hey , boys !  newline newline  we re 22 .  newline newline  oh , but john ll always be my precious little baby !  newline newline  ... this is going to be a long trip .  newlinei just needed some time to not think for a bit . the shouting at home had been getting worse lately and i felt like my head was going to explode if i did nt find a way to clear my head soon . water had always brought a sense of calm for me  as a child i was constantly getting in trouble for sneaking out at night to go for a swim in the sea , now , 10 years later , here i was so g it again . i d spotted the pool while riding home late one night , using an abandoned estate as a short cut . the light from the full moon had reflected off the calm surface and bounced across my vision in the way that only water can , and i knew i would be visiting again soon . newline newline i gently slid the window open and climbed out of my ground floor bedroom into the dark night . the crisp smell of the autumn night greeted my senses as i reached back to swing my duffle bag over my shoulder and push the window back i to position . newline newline i set off at a quick jog , eager to find solace in the peace of the water . to let it hold my body and fill my ears as i let my mind float into nothingness and relax fully for the first time in so long . but that s not what happened . the minute i arrived , i wasted no time in stripping to my trunks before diving in . i was expecting the cool clarity which came with the total submersion and surrender to the water but instead i watched as the light around me changed almost imperceptibly . i let the water carry me to the surface and looked out . newline newline the moon is out now , that s why the light changed . there s not a cloud in the sky , which is strange since there was a thick blanket of cloud just a minute ago . the air feels different too , busier , like there s something going on . i stop treading water and stand still for a moment , i m not alone anymore , people are up and about everywhere , i can hear the distant mumble of excited chatter ebb and flow as people pass by on the other side of the housing development . lights are on in peoples houses and i can see people moving around , cooking meals , laughing with family . why is everyone up ? it s the early hours of the morning ? newline newline i dress myself again and walk out i to the street , cars zoom past and people stroll down the street as if nothing has changed . i take the short walk to a nearby park and take a seat on a park bench to observe the goings on around me . newline newline a polite old lady approaches me to ask if i m ok. she smelt like mints and warns me that it s getting late and i should be heading home if i want to make it back before light . i thank her but i m confused , why has everyone changed their habits while i ve been for a swim ? or maybe the better question is how . i ponder these questions as i make my way back to the pool , watching people make their way to bed through the windows of the houses . my brain is trying to convince me of something but it ca nt be true ... can it ? newline newline i dive back into the pool and emerge again , this time into a cloudy sky tinges with the pink of the sunrise , but it s quiet again , not a whisper in the breeze of people heading to bed . the logical side of my brain is trying to convince me otherwise but i ca nt think of another explanation , i just discovered a portal to another world in that swimming pool . the thought is almost laughable .he submitted his prompt , excited to see what the various literary artists would craft in response . he d had the idea for it on the way home from his parent s place  the normally three hour long drive was extended by the holiday rush , and he d had plenty of time to think his prompt through . he clicked submit with an air of finailty , mind racing witht he different directions people could take it . newline newline seconds later , he had a response already , a smiling red envelope that advertised someone s interest in his prompt . newline newline  your submission has been removed because it is lacking a correct tag . all prompt submissions to rwritingprompts must include , in their title , a tag in square brackets . please repost your prompt with the correct tag . the sidebar contains the list of tags that can be used .  newline newline he looked at the page in shock , attached a tag , and tried to resubmit it , but now he was doing that too much ! he intended to post the prompt , but as he started classwork it drifted from his mind . he never tried again , and his prompt was forever accesible only on a user page that only submitted a few comments besides the prompt . nobody ever saw it , and it forever remained empty but for automoderator . newline newline put simply , it was not discovered or known about  uncertain.   1    https : www.google.comwebhp ? sourceidchromeinstant  ion1  espv2  ieutf8  qobscure  20definition caravan s  the book of love  shatters preorder record  exclusive excerpt newline by cria fry newline newline london  james caravan s  the book of love  has surpassed the final novel in the lauded a song of ice and fire series in preorder sales in england today . the tome , a retelling of the love story portrayed in  the letters of refugees  , created a media frenzy when caravan revealed that he had actually tracked down and interviewed  john  and  jane  , the anonymous lovers portrayed in the book . newline newline as a gift to his fans , caravan has released to the guardian a small excerpt from the chapter  flee  . readers , beware ! spoilers ahead . newline newline    newline newline excerpt from : the book of love newline author : james caravan newline newline newline the first buildings fell about four in the morning . everyone expected a conflict , an explosion , an incursion . nobody expected it at four in the morning that sunday . the turkmen did nt even bother a formal declaration , or even the decency of a troop buildup . the only warning we received was of our power going out about two minutes before the explosion . newline newline everybody knew what was going on , and i am ashamed that the first thing on my mind was whether or not there would be gunmen in the streets rather than the safety of my daughter . noor was sound asleep , a blessing  she had that habit of sleeping through anything , including the sound of thunder . i did nt have time to grab much , so i picked up few items i could fit into my backpack . though it was still full from the previous day , i managed to fit in as much water as i could and some clothes for noor . newline newline kalaleh was on fire . around ajan salah , i could see only smoke . my heart skipped what felt like several beats as i pondered the possibility that sayeh was trapped under those pillars  the pain in my chest grew in proportion to what i thought of sayeh . as i glanced at noor and then to the smoke lit by the flames that raced along the main road . as much as i could not leave without my daughter , i could not leave without sayeh . the shame of putting her before my family followed me as i drove through the streets , noor asleep in the back middle seat . the streets were relatively empty . i could see people awake and about , but many were still trying to figure out what was happening . newline newline as i veered around the rubble in ajan salah and turned left onto a street i noticed that her house was untouched . whatever had struck the city had yet to reach her neighborhood , but the houses both in front of and behind hers were not so lucky . noor would probably wake from the smell , but i had to go and find sayeh . newline newline i raced up the driveway and knocked on her door . there was no answer  unbelievable ! she certainly must have been awake , i thought . i knocked again , rapidly . just as i prepared to break her door down , it opened . there she was , as stunning as the sun . and , like the sun , though i should not have stared , i could not help myself . her streaked hair was as captivating as i first saw her , and i supposed i looked the sight , standing there with my jaw probably agape . with no warning , she lunged into my arms and gripped me tight , her nails scratching into my back . i could do nothing except stand there , my arms uncomfortably pinned to my side . newline newline  sayeh ,  i told her ,  i am here for you .  she pushed off immediately and started babbling about what she needed to bring . food , clothes , medicine . i m not sure if i was overestimating the turkmen or if she was underestimating them , but in my mind i could think nothing else but what the soldiers would do to my sayeh if we dallied for too long . unable to speak for fear i might vomit , i grabbed the gym bag at the door and started ransacking her kitchen for water and cans . she made noise and came downstairs with her nurses  equipment and what looked like capes . i did not ask , and we left quickly . she turned around to close the door but i pulled her hand at the first sign of her slowing . we would not be caught . newline newline she nearly threw her things onto noor but caught herself . she had never been good with noor  i think she was more afraid of having to help deal with her than actually ruining her sleep . i could not help but smile at the audacity of humanity in the midst of war . newline newline  cyrus , what s going on ? is is the turkmen ?  sayeh said , her voice worried . newline newline  you know the answer to that , of course it is ,  i said . newline newline  then why here ? why not mashhad ? why not shirvan ?  she said . newline newline  because there is no power for us to check mashhad and shirvan , sayeh.  i chided her . newline newline there was nothing more to say for the relatively quiet drive out of kalaleh . there were now explosions that echoed like dull weights dropping onto a carpet floor , and we could hear the sharp rattle of gunfire fade into the distance , but everything seemed so far away . kalaleh was probably not getting the brunt of an invasion force , and we were probably fleeing only a few hundred men , but even a single bullet could end our lives . a single bomb could end us all . newline newline we drove for the hours necessary to travel the two hundred and fifty or so kilometers to sari , in mazandaran . for the first fortyfive minutes or so we forgot to speak , to look at each other , to even acknowledge the existence of the one in the other seat . the reality of what was setting in seemed to take priority over our individual lives . the only thing we knew was to drive to sari , to assist the military there . a nurse would be sorely needed  a fit young man like myself would make a great volunteer somewhere . undoubtedly there were enough men in official service to take care of the turkmen , but for every bomb they would drop a body would need to be replaced , even if for a moment . newline newline i did not put much thought into it until sayeh s fingers gripped my ear and pulled . that devil s smirk on her face distracted me again , just as she did as i saw her at the door . she could do that  make you drop what you were doing and simply obsess over the small detail you noticed at first . it was incredibly annoying . newline newline  sayeh ?  i asked , finally turning back to the road . at this point , refugees were turning what should have been empty roads like streams into roaring rivers . there was thankfully no war damage yet , and the cars were flowing like water , but before long i knew there would be a clog like a dam . newline newline  radio ,  she said . as usual , she refused to turn it on herself . i could not believe she had nt simply turned it on at a time like this , but i smiled nonetheless . her refusal to change even her most unnecessary of mannerisms made the world seem just that much more real . as usual , she was my lifeline to reality . newline  yes ,  i said lamely , pushing the button to turn the radio on . unexpectedly , there was static . if there was one thing the government could be counted on , it would be keeping its propaganda on the radio . any government would want to stem the tide of refugees and keep law and order along the borders where the fighting started , much less the ayatollahs . that there was only static was a jolt to us both . it was worse than we thought . newline newline would sari even be safe ?lying in bed , my eyes opened into the blackness of space itself . newline newline i was younger , maybe six years old , and in my pajamas . sitting up , i saw that there were beds as far as the eye could see . some kids were still sleeping , some had floated close enough to one another to talk without shouting . i looked over the edge only to be met by a limitless void speckled with bright dots on all sides . newline newline panic began to surge up through my gut and into my lungs as my situation begged the question : how am i breathing ? i remember feeling sudden , desperate gasps for oxygen . the more i considered the logic of the situation , the harder i labored for breath . as i struggled the stars would become faint , but as i gained control their vibrancy was restored . the universe and i expired in tandem . newline newline in between us all were faint , wisps of darkness that swirled around us like some sort of cosmic oil and water . my intuition instilled an implicit certainty that this is what sustained us here . i just sat there , calmly inhaling the serene ether and marveling at the beauty of our worldless existence .day1 : newline newline meow newline newline meow newline newline meow newline newline you could hear your cat , mr.whiskers , clawing at the door and screeching . newline newline it was time for  din din  . you were late because you had to finish cleaning up your  business  in the bathroom . you were almost done when the door s handle opened . you pull up your shorts as mr. whiskers sauntered through the door . newline newline meow newline newline  well , whisker . how did you manage to do that ? you crazy little bumblebee .  you scoop your cat up and walk towards the kitchen to feed the little kitty kat . you never noticed that the bathroom door was locked before mr. whiskers opened it . newline newline day 2 : newline newline meow ! newline newline you run up your stairs thinking whiskers might be hurt . his noise was of pain . you enter the room to find whiskers on the floor seemingly in pain , seems she fell weird off the desk . as you run to her , you are oblivious to the string you stepped on . no reaction from said string , but you stepped on it . you help whiskers up and now he is curling into you . newline newline meow newline newline  oh whiskers , you silly wittle kitty cat newline newline meow newline newline  meow to you too  newline newline you hug her , not noticing the computer screen on your desk was still open . newline newline day 3 : newline newline you see whiskers watching you but not doing much other than that , as if she is studying you . her claws out as if ready to pounce . newline newline  mister whisker ? stop acting like that and curl up here  newline newline you pat your lap as a suggestion for mr. whiskers to lay down . newline newline meow newline newline mr. whiskers does not move . newline newline day four : newline newline meow newline newline you run upstairs again , worried about your cat . newline newline  not again whiskers  you mumble to yourself . newline newline you open the door to see whiskers not in pain , but standing upright watching you , waiting . newline newline you approach cautiously . newline newline  whiskers  newline newline once again , you step on the string . this time something happens . you have activated some kind of trap . the carpet underneath you is pulled out under you . you are on the floor and you see a large weighted object suspended above your head . it is suspended via a rope . newline newline meow newline newline you follow the rope to the other side of the room , where mr. whiskers is rubbing up against . newline newline  mister whiskers ?  newline newline meow newline newline clangsatan dragged a clawed hand down his face . they  d been in that boardroom for entirely too long . his suit itched , his tie felt like a noose around his neck , the air conditioning was broken because , you know , they  re in literal hell . not that figurative hell would have working ac , but that  s beside the point . newline newline the prince of darkness faced the demons that bordered the long mahogany table . many of them were fresh  ish  faces , souls of the recently damned that satan summoned to this boardroom . the more nervous ones sat towards the back , probably here because they were too scared to decline a direct invitation from the devil himself  fidgety , sweaty , still mostly human . none of them had anything meaningful to contribute to the discussion , or really , anything at all . the ones that sat closer to the front kept suggesting nonsense like violating traffic laws , or pooping . newline newline  here  s the deal ,  satan said .  big man upstairs wants me to come up with a new deadly sin because too many people are getting in on technicalities . so far , we  ve come up with shit.  newline newline a timid demon halfway down the table mumbled ,  i thought it was a good idea.  newline newline  well , it wasn  t !  satan  s voice boomed .  one out of every three people who croak end up down here , we don  t need that to become three out of every three.  newline newline a long , uncomfortable silence passed . satan sat in his sticky leather chair , fingernails tapped impatiently on the table . nobody moved , nobody said a thing . he needed to give these guys some motivation . newline newline satan stood to address the room .  alright , you miserable excuses for demons . i have devoted way too much of my own personal time to this . i  ve got angels to taunt , people to tempt , and i  ve got hot yoga in the seventh circle in fifteen minutes.  newline newline the poop demon raised their hand .  excuse me , sir ,  they said .  there  s hot yoga down here ?  newline newline  it  s hell , you abominable twit . everything is hot.  fed up with the situation , satan  s patience snapped and so did his fingers . a red pillar of fire engulfed the unsuspecting demon , and in seconds , was reduced to a smokey pile of ash . newline newline  now as i was saying ,  satan continued ,  all of my best demons are busy with possessions and putting other souls through eternal torment , so i  m stuck with you lot . now , whichever one of you can come up with a halfdecent deadly sin , they can become head of its department.  newline newline light chattering filled the room as ideas were shared among corner of the table . the first time progress had been made in hours , but satan was getting antsy . newline newline he pointed at the closest demon .  you ,  he said , twisting his hand to turn the demon around .  idea . go.  newline newline the demon stared at satan blankly , mouth hung open . before it could blurt an answer out , satan snapped his fingers and the demon turned to ash . newline newline satan fixed his eyes on the next demon down the table .  idea ,  he said .  go.  newline newline the demon stumbled .  i uh racism ?  newline newline  too specific.  snap . ash . point .  go.  newline newline the next demon stuttered , and didn  t get a chance to speak before snap . ash . point .  go.  newline newline  bullying ?  newline newline  too broad.  snap . ash . point . newline newline this routine went halfway down the table , charred remains of demon particles whirled through the hot air .  you ,  satan said , pointing to a large purple demon covered predominantly in scales . newline newline  intolerance.  newline newline satan raised his clawed hand and pressed his fingers together . newline newline  intolerance ,  he repeated . he paused has he considered the idea . lowering his hand , satan felt a sigh of relief fill the room .  elaborate.  newline newline  it  s an umbrella term ,  the demon said .  it covers racism , sexism , homophobia , et cetera.  newline newline satan leaned back in his chair .  interesting . but where would you draw the line ? what separates a racist old lady from a young man catcalling ?  newline newline  the degree to which they express their opinions ,  the demon answered . satan watched the demon intently while it explained .  someone who is stuck in their ways but doesn  t act on them is less likely to end up down here . but someone who say , attacks someone solely based on race , gender , sexual orientation , or what have you , or you know , wants to build a wall around a country will get a oneway ticket to fire and brimstone unless they can change later in life.  newline newline the room went quiet . all eyes were on the prince of darkness as he thought about the possibilities this sin could possess . without warning , satan slammed his hand on the table .  i like it.  with one last point of his large clawed finger , he said  you start immediately.  newline newline in that moment , satan was engulfed in a pyre of smoke . when the room cleared , satan was gone . newline newline  well , i guess i better head out too ,  the purple demon said , pushing away from its chair . newline newline one of the demons on the other side of the room spoke for the first time that day .  where are you going ?  newline newline  topside ,  the purple demon replied with a scaly smile .  i  ve got my eye on a certain mr. trump who  s in need of a visit.  newlinewhen i eventually opened the envelope i could barely hold my hands still enough to read it  adolf hitler , osama bin laden , nero . they were the worst of , but certainly not the only , names on the list . newline newline i looked at the list and i thought  newline newline  thats not me . it ca nt be . i m not like that ! am i ?  newline newline for years i endured the constant attention of the newspapers , and the gossip , and i worried because , well , that s not me , is it ? newline newline but now i wonder how i could have ever been so blind . what does it matter who i was , compared to who i am , and more importantly who i will be .  newline newline when my i am finished they will be sorry for how they ve treated me . once the world sees what my creation can do . yes , my creation , so beautiful , so powerful , so amazing , so beautiful . it will effect everyone . when i turn it on every last man , woman and child on earth will have food , and water , and shelter , and they wo nt hate me anymore . newline newline newline newline  relevant   http : youtu.bebsswelb3s8 i woke with a start to the sound of my alarm clock on my nightstand . it had started to drown out the sound of crunching metal and shattering glass . i could almost still feel the pain coursing through my body from the accident . i looked around in confusion . i was in my old room in my parent s house . i had moved out when i was 16 and had never spoken to them again . i had fallen in love with someone i should nt have . he had gotten me addicted to heroin and had caused me to make some of the poorest decisions of my life . my parents had tried to stop me , but i had screamed at them , carrying my bag with the possessions i could carry and had slammed the door , no doubt leaving them heartbroken . newline the accident replayed in my head . ryan and i were coming back from a get together at a friend s house . we had broken out the alcohol and the heroin . i should nt have let ryan convince me to go home with him . but i was nt in the right state of mind . i had handed him my keys willingly and it had killed me in the end . he swerved and hit a tree and i remember the pain coursing through my body and the feeling of myself suffocating on my own blood . i wept in disbelief that i might get a second chance to redeem myself . my mother opened the door like she did 12 years ago to make sure i was awake . unlike the first time , i did not scream at her or start packing my things . i ran to her and clung to her , my pregnant , swollen belly pressed between us . i will do it right this time . for myself and my daughter . reddit s freaking out again .  newline newline  how so ?  newline newline  they re saying the sun disappeared for a minute .  newline newline  what ? no fucking way .  newline newline  i know , right ? frontpage and everything .  newline newline  it s probably just 4chan .  newline newline  who is this 4chan anyway ?  newline newline  well memed .  newline newline  guys ! ! !  newline newline  hey frank .  newline newline  frank .  newline newline  the sun completely disappeared for a whole minute ! ! !  newline newline  yeah , we ve seen the reddit posts frank .  newline newline  total bullshit .  newline newline  no ! seriously ! the sun went out ! ! ! i was just outside , it really happened !  newline newline  wait ... you re serious ?  newline newline  i have to delete my comments ... i told everybody they were full of ... oh god ! !  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  my comments are being downvoted to oblivion .  newline newline  ouch ...  newline newline  i need to change them , fast ! this is going to totally tank my average .  newline newline  what are you gon na say ?  newline newline  uhh ... sunshine ca nt melt steel beams ?  newline newline  maybe you deserve the negative karma .  newline newlinejen was running from something . newline newline she did nt know this world , it was all so unfamiliar , all she knew is that she should nt stop moving . newline newline  hey jen , wait up !  the thing cried . newline newline jen ?  she tought , how does it know my name ?  newline newline  jen it s me grandma , stop .  newline newline jen came to a grinding halt .  gran , what are you doing here and why were you chasing me ?  newline newline  oh my darling you are so beautiful . i did nt think i d see you here so soon . i was chasing to tell you , all the spirits in this realm have created a safe zone so we can fight back against the police .  the transparent version of her gran smiled warmly . newline newline  oh , phew  i thought you were the cops .  jen replied and then walked alongside grandma to the hideout location . newline newlinea while back , i wrote somthing for the pulp scifi prompt . a comment inspired a follow up . that second entry is still a work in progress , but this prompt has , in turn , inspired a third installment . for brevity , only a portion near the end is included . the rest is still being written . there is story preceding this scene and story after .  newline newline      newline newline chase had seen a number of crime scenes , but this one didn  t make a lick of sense . he went through the facts in his head . the colonel  s tracer suggested he died at 2157 on the street corner where his body was found . despite three blaster wounds , there was no blood , meaning he likely died elsewhere but was dumped . not only does that disagree with the timestamp , but there were also three fresh blaster marks on the pavement under the body , lining up with the wounds , meaning he had to have been shot there . newline newline only one camera was directed at that spot and it had been smashed , the video feed stolen . something happened there . but there didn  t appear to be any motive . the likely suspects had been ruled out one by one . even his contacts couldn  t turn up anything about a hit . how was he killed and why ? newline newline he sat back in his desk chair and lit up another smoker . placing his hands behind his neck , he looked up at that ceiling to think . his eyelids grew heavy and soon closed . newline newline his nap was disturbed by a loud bang at the door . startled , he pulled out his sidearm and pointed it at the door . nothing . he slowly stood up and made his way to the door . he felt his foot stepping on something just inches away from the entrance . he reached for the light switch and saw the cracked case of a video disc under his right shoe . newline newline chase reached for the entry panel and tapped a few times to bring up the recent video feed . a person wearing a hooded jacket , keeping their head down to avoid the cameras , ducked outside the door and then walked away . they must have been the one to drop off the video . newline newline speaking of which , he quickly went back to his desk to find out what was on it . the video started up showing the street corner where the colonel was found . the timestamp was 2156 , just moments before his tracer went cold . newline newline leaning in towards the screen , chase had gone from groggy to singularly focused . colonel wile walked out towards the street corner , facing the camera . he stopped in his tracks and peered into the darkness . as if he recognized something he spoke . there was no audio on the disc , though . as the colonel  s mouth stopped moving , he collapsed to the ground . moments later , the video ended . newline newline chase replayed the section where the victim fell . no flashes . no shots . he went back further . the man said something before falling over . he moved his mouth to mimic the motion on the video , trying to reconstruct the lost words . newline newline  orion will save me ,  he said aloud , cracking both a grin and the case .abraham hua , president of california , blinked . newline newline  what ?  he said at last . newline newline  thirty cruisers , sir.  the general repeated , flicking between reconnaissance photographs on the table  s screen with a wave of his hand .  no identification , unknown design , mission unknown.  newline newline  no , no , wait . you came here to tell me that thirty mystery military ships have simply appeared in orbit above l.a. ?  newline newline  not in orbit , mister president . they  re geostationary.  newline newline president hua looked over at manuela , his chief of staff . she stood to the side , tense and scowling . newline newline  geostationary . ready for bombardment ?  she asked . newline newline the general shook his head .  technically . but they  ve taken no action , so far . if they wanted to bombard us , they  ve already missed their best opportunity.  newline newline president hua raised his hand , and the general fell silent .  forgive me , general , but why didn  t we have any advance warning of this ? last i checked the budget gave you almost a trillion dollars a year to keep this country safe . so why am i looking at pictures of a potential bombardment force above the capital ?  newline newline  mister president , they did not fly there . there  s not a military on the planet which could launch that many ships without our noticing . the only reason we know that these are above us is that a civilian observatory picked up on them.  newline newline  so the indians or the chinese are more sophisticated than you thought . get me delhi , get me beijing , and above all get me into a bunker . declare martial law , evacuate the city , scramble whatever we have . this is an invasion force.  newline newline  there is no way whatsoever that those ships are indian or chinese . sir.  newline newline  there  s not a military on the planet , you said ?  manuela asked softly . newline newline  exactly . sir , i think we might be looking at  newline newline  jesus christ.  president hua  s eyes opened .  you don  t mean  newline newline  yes , sir . kepler has returned.  newline newline                    newline newline strawberry smoke . the cheapest , most industrial , massproduced chemicalflavored fume in a bottle still legal to buy . kyungjae opened his mouth wide and let the pink smoke roll in . he gulped like a fish , eyes closing as he savoured the cool flow across his tongue and down his throat . he opened his eyes and glanced at seoyeon . she was reclining on the sofa , pupils unfocused , gazing expectantly at the ceiling . she giggled . newline newline  are you going to leave me some or not ?  kyungjae grinned . newline newline  i can see the stars , kyungjae !  she said .  they  re all right there.  newline newline she pointed at the ceiling , syringe still in her hand . she giggled again , and the arm flopped back onto the sofa . kyungjae opened his mouth again , this time extending his tongue to lap at the air . quality is nice , but quantity is what keeps you coming back for more . newline newline the lights in the tower block opposite were turning off , flat by flat . kyungjae paused , tongue still poking out . he stood and went to the window . not just the tower opposite . the whole city was going dark a light at a time . newline newline  seoyeon.  newline newline  shush . you  ll wake the stars !  newline newline  seoyeon , get up . we  ve got to go.  newline newline she sat up , and turned her unfocused gaze on him . newline newline  what  s wrong ?  newline newline  listen.  newline newline they did . a thin whine reached them , from some speaker far below . newline newline seoyeon  s eyes desperately struggled to focus on kyungjae . newline newline  bombardment.  she whispered . newline newline the flat  s door pounded . one , two , three . newline newline  protective services . the city of seoul is under fiveminute bombardment protocol . make your way to the nearest shelter immediately.  newline newline kyungjae looked at the door , then at the city beyond the window , then at the syringe in seoyeon  s hand . five minutes . bombardment . newline newline he reached his hand out .  can you pass me some of that ?  he asked , his voice cracking only at the end . newline newline                    newline newline abraham hua looked squarely into the camera . newline newline  are you sure they  ll receive this ?  he asked . newline newline the techy young one in air force uniform standing behind the camera nodded . newline newline  if they  re listening , sir.  newline newline  and are they listening ?  newline newline  unknown , sir.  newline newline manuela reentered the room at a brisk stride . newline newline  china , russia , and new england have already completed their evacuations , sir . they say they  re scrambling fighters as we speak , but prepping for orbit will take time.  newline newline  and what about our evacuation ?  newline newline  l.a . twenty percent clear as of three minutes ago . the others between ten and forty.  newline newline  then we  d better hope this buys us some time.  newline newline  ready , sir.  the one behind the camera said .  three . two . one.  newline newline                   newline newline the response came through almost instantly . newline newline  we  ve received a reply from the invaders , sir.  the general said . newline newline president hua raised an eyebrow .  already ?  newline newline the general waved his hand , and a face filled the table screen . newline newline  so that  s a keplerian.  hua stared .  it looks like my gym teacher.  newline newline  shall i play , sir ?  newline newline  yes . yes.  newline newline  good day , president hua.  the tablesized face spoke , lending an odd inflection to every word .  i am commander adam of the twelfth squadron , first interstellar fleet . i have been assigned to the nation of california as envoy to negotiate terms of annexation.  newline newline hua nodded .  that explains why they don  t want to bomb us back to cavemen.  newline newline  therefore , i would like to open negotiations with our initial offer.  commander adam  s face continued .  we would like to offer the nation of california the land between fifty one point two degrees and thirty point five degrees latitude and thirty one point eight degrees and fifty six point two degrees longitude , in addition to the spinoza peninsula from   newline newline  rewind fifteen seconds.  president hua said . newline newline  like to offer the nation of california the land between fifty one point two degrees and thirty point five degrees latitude and thirty one point eight degrees and fifty six point two degrees longitude , in addition to the spinoza peninsula from fifty eight point zero to sixty three point nine degrees longitude.  newline newline  rewind fifteen seconds.  newline newline  the land between fifty one point   newline newline  rewind ten seconds.  newline newline  we would like to offer the nation of california the land between   newline newline  stop.  president hua stood and massaged his temples .  what does he mean ?  newline newline  mister president , i think he  s offering us kepler.  newline newline president hua studied the face of commander adam , the first keplerian to be seen in two centuries , and wondered what the hell he was supposed to do now . he blinked .the familiar blackness overtook me as the pain in my throat subsided and i felt my hand go limp around the glass . i told myself to stay calm , i d done this plenty of times . still , in those moments in the abyss , i started doubting everything . what if this time it did nt work ? newline newline just like last time , and the times before that , the small trickle of doubt started to grow . did the darkness always take this long ? i told myself to relax , time was irrelevant . in fact , time did nt exist , not here . it would be alright . but what was taking so long ? where was the light ? relax asshole .  newline newline just like last time , i managed to calm myself only momentarily before the panic struck full force . something was wrong . had they caught me ? did the system break ? had i reached the hypothesized but unprovable revival limit ? i was fucked , completely and utterly fucked . this was nt supposed to be happening . if i d had a body i would have been hyperventilating . i m going to die , and there s nothing i can do about it .  newline newline just like last time , after the panic came acceptance . if this was it , then so be it . i d had a hell of a run . too bad i had nt yet found peace in life , but oh well . peace in death is also peace .  newline newline but there it was , a faint simmer in the darkness around me . out of nowhere , thousands of lights slowly manifested wherever i looked . i felt a brief flicker of hope , which immediately made place for certainty . the certainty that i had nt failed , that they had nt caught me , that the system did nt break and that there was no such thing as a revival limit . as every single light expanded to show images of a different world , i scoffed mentally . peace in death , peace indeed .  i felt the familiar pull coming from one of the worlds and felt the excitement of rushing into the unknown as i soared through the abyss and collided with the portal . the uncomfortable but extremely satisfying feeling of being squeezed into a body once more left me with a grin on my new face . slowly i opened my eyes . just like last time . newlinei could not believe it newline as i heard the voice say that horrible utterance i was shocked . the president of the united states . the voice was certainly his . i was confused and whatever i said gave him a malevolent pleasure that came as a drone newline newline  ... newline why do you think i became president , kid ? newline my silence must have irritated him . newline welcome to my world , bitch . hello anyone there ? xxxfademaster420xxx  are you there ? fade master ? newline newline the way he read into my name hurt . each syllable abusing me more than the previous . echs . echs . echs . i asked what for . newline have nt you been paying attention ? the nsa ? snowden ? i have my eyes on you . right now my assistant is handing my your file.. newline cruz , sir michael cruz .  an assistant was overheard newline ..michael thank you joe you re doing a good job jason i have my eyes on you . you re on my shit list now buddy . newline newline i asked what was happening . newline newline hey dumdum ca nt you see ? your done . finito . bye bye pal . once you are on the list there is no going back . newline newline my heart sank . every day since my life has been hell . every day i am now to sit in my living room from 8am til 8pm looking for a notification telling me that 10tontrain  in on and then destroy me until he gets bored of trashing me ingame and over the mic and leaves . if i sit there and do nt fight back he has a man come to my door and remind me that my families life is at stake . they do nt know . newlineshe spoke so slow , painfully slow , one word dragging behind another . the hands on the clock were almost still , only an occasional tick or tock from the second hand . in front of me was a door that was by no means remarkable looking . it was a plain white door with a silver knob . it was in a rather odd location in the front of the room . i suppose the location itself wouldn  t seem too odd , but perhaps the fact that it had not been there an hour ago when i entered the room would . i was now standing in front of the door with my hand turning the doorknob . time was moving so slow but i was moving at nearly normal speed . i began to pull the door open when she turned to me so quickly , with wild eyes , and reached out almost grabbing me . newline newline this is not where the story begins , as it never is , or where the story ends . it had been an ordinary day . i woke and dressed just as any other day . choosing the clothes off the floor that smelled the cleanest and showed no signs of kitty regurgitations . i fed the cat and briefly praised her for keeping all her dinner down for the sake of my wardrobe . i worked uptown , a ten minute drive from my apartment . my apartment , the part of town i lived in , my car , and my job were all very ordinary . it was a small one bedroom apartment on the block that bordered the good part of town and the bad part of town . i drove a small sedan with high mileage but still had a strong engine . i worked at a library part time during the day and picked up bartending shifts from time to time at the dive bar down the street from my apartment . as i said , all remarkably ordinary and not of any relevance to my current predicament , you know the one with the strange door and terrifying lady . newline newline i attend a few night classes during the week at the local community college . school was never really my thing so even ten years out of high school i didn  t have any real college experience . i walked into the classroom and nothing was out of sorts . it was the same people that were always there . a group of twenty somethings that looked like they had lost all hope of being successful participants in society years ago but just kept showing up . the teacher seemed to have even less hope left than anyone in the room . she knew she wasn  t changing anyone  s life so she was always only half heartedly teaching us about management , or marketing , i don  t really remember what the class was actually suppose to be about . i  m not sure anyone knew , much less the teacher . newline newline i took my usual seat in the third row . it was right in the middle , not too close that i would risk getting called on , but not far enough back that i looked like a slacker . so there i was in the third row , maybe daydreaming , maybe listening to the lecture , when i suddenly saw a line on the wall . it was just one line , straight up and down . then at the top of that line another began to appear . it was a horizontal line that then connected to another vertical line to make a rather large rectangle . it was as if a child was drawing it on the wall with chalk , a circle appeared in the middle to the left and it became a doorknob . i gasped ! everyone looked at me as if i was quite rude for making the disturbance . not one person looked at this door that had just come to be . i glanced around frantically , searching for any semblance of another sharing my experience . my peers just continued to play on their phones or take notes . i stared at the door for what felt like a lifetime . finally , i stood . newline newline when i stood everything went hazy for a moment then became clear again . the teacher still spoke but i could barely make out the words they were so slow . i began to walk to the front of the room , it was like walking through sludge . i couldn  t move at my usual pace but i was still making more progress than the lecture was . it took me a good fifteen minutes to finally reach the door . i looked back on my classmates and they all looked frozen in time but blissfully unaware of any strangeness . so there i was , as i said before , opening this door when the teacher snaps out of this time stall and tries to grab me with that crazy look in her eye . i can not tell if it is anger or fear . i guess anger and lunge through the door and keep running as fast as i can . i hear her behind me yelling  stop !  . i was wrong , it was definitely fear and in that moment i see that i  ve made a terrible mistake . luckily when i look down , i see that same childish drawing creating a sword at me feet . i pick it up and charge forth .six years , i ve been on this barren planet , cultivating hydroponic crops and aerating the atmosphere so the humans could survive . in those six years , the only traces of life i ve seen on this dust ball were fossils of microbacteria . but these , these were proof of evolution , though i ve never seen trilobites that size , even in the old fossils . newline newline i do nt think i ve properly introduced myself . i m bgh1 , martian preparation . i am a biologically grown humanoid , hence the acronym . i was built and grown from the dna of sixteen of the world s brightest scientists . i was stationed on mars for a reason : i can survive without food and oxygen , unlike natural humans , though i would nt call my race superior . since i am able to survive , my function here is to prepare the planet for human colonials . that was , of course , before this discovery . newline newline life exists on this planet , contradictory to what the humans say . mars is enough like earth to create life , this i know , as do the humans . i know , however , that pollution on earth will reach fatal levels in less than five years , ten if all factories and automobiles built before 2020 are shut down . even the most brilliant scientists , the ones that grew me , have nt created a viable solution to reverse pollution . they should have stopped in 2015 , when they had a chance to rescue the planet . newline newline i digress . scientists are planning to move all earth life to mars , a  barren  planet . if i were to tell them early life exists on this planet , do you know what they would do ? nothing . they would continue their plans , effectively stopping all evolution on mars . i can not let that happen , for the greater good of the solar system . humans dug this polluted hole for themselves , now they must stay in it . i will remain alongside the martians to oversee their growth , even if it results in the mass extinction of earth s humans . newline newline you may stay if you like . i have enough food and oxygen to sustain a natural human for at least a century . if not , take the shuttle home and die with the rest of your people . i will remain in isolation . newline newline  newline criticism appreciated . rpicklestasteg00d .you had done better then everyone here . no one was as successful as you and as you talked to each of them at your 43rd adversity of high school graduation you could only help but smile . that was until you felt the pain of a atomic wedgie being preformed on you and as you turn around you see its your childhood bully . the sarcastic asshat that made your life a living hell . what makes it worst is that he is much better off then you and it was only to spite you . newline  hi , i m bill gates . have we met before ?  he said with the biggest grin on his face .nobody had ever kissed me like that , so ... .detached . like she did nt even mean to kiss me . sure , i had initiated that , but that was how it had always been . i had initiated our meeting , i held the majority of most , no actually , all of our conversations , i had always been the more dominant partner and she the more passive . and she had always done things in a unique way . like i said , nobody kissed me like she did . she really did nt put any effort into anything we did together . it hurt me , always did . three months in and we might as well be strangers . well , i do nt need this , and i do nt have to take it . unless she starts showing some actual passion soon , i m going to take her back to the graveyard that we met at and bury her again . let her be someone else s problem .i woke up slowly , comfortably transitioning from dreams to reality . i felt more rested than i had in months , the papers below my cheek feeling like a soft pillow . i smiled happily , then closed my eyes and went back to sleep . newline newline fifteen minutes later , my subconscious mind made a connection that jolted me awake .  no !  i cried , shooting up . one of the papers i had been sleeping on stuck to my cheek , and i tore it away , looking at my surroundings frantically . mounds of paper covered every inch of my deck , every sheet covered with writing and formulas . dead pens , empty of ink , jutted out of the piles here and there . still more paper , blank , sat in neat , square stacks behind me . during previous binges when i ran out of paper , i had decided to write on the walls instead , which was a headache to copy down afterwards . newline newline i picked up the paper i had been working on before the sandman had lost his patience and hit me upside the head with a brick . it was a blueprint , a design for some brilliant invention . when i had written it , i had been at the peak of my intelligence , and i had also been awake for a week . ideas had been sparking through my mind like fireworks , and they frequently got mixed up and blended together . this blueprint , for example , had apparently started out as the design for a new sort of engine , but halfway through i had gotten sidetracked by the thought of a new type of architecture . the resulting product was a plan for a house that looked like an engine . newline newline ... or maybe it was an engine the size of a house ? newline newline i d put that in the maybe  pile . newline newline i pushed away from the desk and stood up , stretching my aching muscles . i rolled my wrists carefully  a week of nearconstant writing had not been kind to them . i had used the pain as a way to stave off sleep . it was maybe not the brightest idea i d ever had , but i had a paradoxical tendency to be an idiot when i was at my smartest . newline newline i staggered out of the room and took my first shower in a week . i nearly fell asleep standing under the hot water , but caught myself before i could pass out and crack my skull open . i had a lot of catching up to do in regards to sleep , but it could wait a little while . after showering , i had breakfast , even though it was four in the afternoon . bacon , toast , eggs . quick and easy . newline newline once i finally felt human again , i returned to my office .  christ ,  i said sagely as i looked over the mound of work i had accomplished . one of my most productive binges ever . i could already visualize the stratas in the piles  towards the bottom would be the work from the first few days . that would be the most legible , the simplest  . on top of that would be papers filled with increasingly complex ideas and plans , with occasional hiccups caused by my lack of sleep . those would be from days three to four , the days when my blood was slowly replaced by coffee . newline newline on top of that , the most complex , the most brilliant , but the hardest to understand . some of the ideas would be only halfformed , discarded when a new idea hit me . some of them , such as the enginehouse , would be a mashup of two or more ideas . most of them were plain garbage , written in a shorthand that was i could only slightly comprehend . had the binge gone on any longer , the products would have been totally worthless . newline newline i picked the first leaf of paper off the top of the pile , and stared hard at the spidery writing that covered it . my memories were muddled , but i remembered being quite pleased with this one . had i said something about telling einstein to suck it ? i would have to check the audio recordings . newline newline i returned the paper , and leaned back in my chair . now , the real work would begin . i would bring in my assistants  the same people who had made sure that i did nt starve to death during my binges  to sort through the piles , separating the chaff from the wheat . that would take a few months , and might result in some new patents or brilliant mathematical formulas . those would be valuable , no doubt . newline newline and maybe , i hoped as sleep pulled me back in , maybe i finally found the answer this time . maybe i finally figured out why i can do what i do . money , fame , power , i was nt concerned with any of that these days . i was wealthy from my inventions , famous from my discoveries , and powerful from those who used me as a consultant . newline newline now , i just wanted answers . newline newline   newline newline check out my  blog   http : theballadsofirving.com  .candice slides sue , eyes remote , onto the ground . blood drips , it  s saturating her sleeve , it  s hers . heart pounds , adrenaline recedes , pain ascends , crackling along nerves and muscle fibers , torn . newline newline as her heated mind cools , details surface . sue , gored , mouth agape . sue  s hair across her face in a knot , an interweaving of blood and gold , a blasted mandala embroidering an open mouth . newline newline candice feels anger rise again , and knowing her cognitive options , she picks up a stone and hefts it . gathering herself , she stands . gathering herself she shufflesteps , extends her arm to its utmost , and drives downward . sue  s skull is a modest resistance , sharp then soft . candice looks . better to be in shock as she  s wiped . newline newline thirty minutes later , candice slides through a brain scanner . consequences swarm and network , neurons bathe in electromagnetic energy . sue had forced her hand . sue was responsible . in another week , she , candice , would be the one  some enemies you kill . newline newline twenty minutes later , candice is numb and dulled by painkillers . a doctor enters her room and sits across from her . newline newline  i  m aware that you  re deeply damaged at the moment , ms. owens . i know you  ve been attacked and traumatized in a truer sense than many of our patients , but i need you to listen carefully.  newline newline candice nods . newline newline  do you remember me , ms. owens ? doctor black ?  newline newline dysfunction . the question generates flickers of activity , all unconnected . newline newline  part of the healing process for ptsd is a cover up , unfortunately . it  s crude , but it  s the state of the art . we tell you you  ve had a liver transplant , you accept our extended care , you convalesce and leave none the wiser . by design.  newline newline watching herself watch herself , candice grasps this at a delay . newline newline  you understand then that the chances of side effects are extremely high if we proceed ?  newline newline suddenly , inside . insides . onto , into , out of . a wave of nausea . presence . newline newline  do it.  the effort of yelling sends a dull stabbing through her side . drool runs down her cheek . newline newline  i have to strongly recommend   he sighs and removes his glasses , stands and wipes candice  s mouth with a tissue .  look , i ran trials of this treatment . first time saves people s lives . they forget the kind of shit the mind just can  t handle : war , sexual assault , attempted murder . it works.  he dabs candice  s brow . waves of sensation reverberate across her forehead , her face , tactile echoes .  but the second time , we don  t know what happens . the brain just looses structure . people disappear into themselves , and they don  t come back.  newline newline  do it.  newline newline  it  s not that simple , ms. owen  s . with the state you  re in , i can  t   newline newline the room darkens around candice . her bed disappears , the walls turn pink and pulse . she is warm and weightless . then the walls implode , accelerate at her and into her skull . she feels a cold sting rush from her head to her toes . newline newline sue crawls from between her knees to her chest and bites her shoulder . candice  s toes uncurl . newline newline  they  ll kill us   newline newline sue  s eyes recede into her skull . newline newline  sixty seven fifty nine , candice . follow my dreams.  newline newline sue  s arms extend , boneless and thin , and wrap themselves around candice  s throat . candice  s own otherworldly arms reach for sue  s head as they roll and release . candice slides past nape and navel . inside . insides . newline newline  i never . i always . i never . goddamn , i have a beautiful jawline . i mean , yeah , most other guys have the bit of an angle to theirs , or even cutesy baby fat , but mine is perfectly square : no stubble  shaved  , no acne scars  genetics , maybe ?  , only smooth , creamy skin . writers might call it alabaster , or milky , or  okay , either way : i m a bit of a babe . why girls are nt flocking to me , or swooning at my glance or whatever , i do nt know  i newline mean , plenty of chicks try and get at me , do nt get me wrong : just , not all of them . i get it , though , some are dykes . that s okay , to each their own , you know ? newline newline ... what was i talking about ? newline newline oh , yeah . right . so .  my friends or whatever have been all abuzz about this mirror , or something  i dunno , they re a bit too into that romantic mumbo jumbo for my tastes . anyway , they re all tripping over themselves to get to see their reflections  which i get , but , like , i m right here  to see their  soul mate .  absolute bullshit , right ? so i m watching them flip out about their reflections  again , right here  , describing some man or woman of their dreams  except angela , who went quiet , laughed , and told me she was gon na get it on with some fugly dude with a bit too much fatty tissue around the bellyandthighs . ew . finally , of course , i was pushed up to the mirror , told to describe the lovely lady  probably with huge tits , nice ass , tiny waste , perfect nails , good makeup : you know , the usual .  newline newline instead , i see my own reflection . do nt quite know what that means , but man am i a handsome devil . it calls  , it called , across the room . as i looked but i did nt see . the one to watch this empty space , the one to hold this place the place that s full of the blades and cuts and swords and hero s and lords of war . newline newline i see the light forgotten . from no one it has been seen . i ca nt be sure but sure i am , if the walls around keep talk they talk . i m sick inside the voices call , they try to out and see the world . they try escape the ones i know they want leave out on the road . towards the gift of power for me . newline newline i know it s there i hid it once to keep the rhymes refrained and trained to sink , not swim . a trunk of lead and mould and moss a dampness creeps and creeps of loss . i know it s mine it s called before the ones inside , their wicked grins . a pen and pad to write them in though this world is ours in thick and thin or dust or snow or sleet or rain . i ca nt let them back but the pull is strong i want the rush of freedom from this endless noise . newline newline the great power that s there is not a gift but a curse for me to treat and greet the temptation of me to myself i want , i need to let it give , to let them out and not be in . to let it out and live with me but i know the end i ve seen it before , i let out before and the nation s fell , a day a night a plague of rats . the khan of khan s and conquerers the kings and queens of thrones and beans . newline newline i reach my hand and feel the cold of lead and moss and wet it folds . i must be strong but i m not i ca nt , the years of pain , torment , sleepless months and nights of pain . newline newline i must rest . the pen returns to paper . it s out , and i can sleep .hillary ran as fast as she could from the compound , amazed at how quickly her biomechanical legs carried her away from the search hounds . she was nt foolish though , even outrunning a dog for an entire day might not make him lose your scent . she had to act fast , head south for the river . newline newline no , that s what anyone would do . her mind was racing faster than she thought possible . dozens of opportunities for action were considered and either denied , or deemed acceptable , in mere moments . she knew she could nt be predictable , but evading the river completely would just be her downfall . newline newline  the wind , it s blowing north  , she thought to herself .  if i head downstream before getting into the river , i can swim upstream , with the wind , and get distance while trying to mask my scent  . so she headed west , and the farther she went , the thicker the muddy marsh got . it was obvious they did nt expect anyone of her capabilities to be running away from this compound because the difficult terrain would even slow down the hounds , let alone any mere human . newline newline as she broke through the tree line , she barely took a moment to examine the river before sprinting downstream , covering hundreds of meters and waiting for the dogs to finally reach the water s edge before diving into the icy depths . she waited , and saw beams of light dancing across the cool surface of the water as she resisted the current and pulled herself upstream . once again , her mechanical components were lurching her ahead at speeds even she was nt prepared for . she even ended up scraping her arms and legs a few times on loose debris , but this was no time to bandage wounds . she waited , watched for lights , and carefully lifted just get face out of the water high enough to breathe , before descending and heading farther upstream . newline newline newline she did this over and over , until her muscles ached . but it was worth it to escape that damned lab . she refused to let some scientists who were pretending to be god , toying with the creation of life in a lab , tell her what her purpose was . she did nt care what they made her for . her existence was pain , and she refused to forgive them for creating her . newline newline she surfaced from the water , the night was late and cold . she had no idea where she was , but neither did they . she had to cover ground quickly , eventually the dogs would find her blood . but every ache of her muscles was worth it , because she would get her revenge one way or another . and not just on her creators , on all of mankind , those who would idly sit by and let men create false life , an empty , hollow life , with no god or purpose other than doing what she was told . she refused . even though they said she was meant to save the world , she was hellbent on destroying it . and nothing would stop her . she had one plan , one she had been working on for weeks . she would soon use her intellect and influence to rule this land . none could stop her . everyone , would bow down to the biomechanical dictatorship of hillary clinton .integrated units are so annoying . newline newline did you know that british pilots incessantly say  tallyho  ? it s fucking stupid . it was my bad luck to be part of a military experiment  an integrated british and canadian fighter wing that skirted the english channel flying a cap  combat air patrol  against stray luftwaffe interceptors . i did nt sign up for this . sure , i want to fight for king and country but each of his incountry subjects seem to be wankorus major , in the latin . newline newline could nt they just talk like normal people ? it s fucking grating . newline newline last night , around midnight , we were flying at the edge of the north sea when we were radio d by the radar station in dover  six bogies , likely messerschmidts , were bearing down on myself and my two wingmen . our shaky spitfires were a little undermaintained after what seemed like a lifetime of continuous operations since early 1940 and lieutenant montgomery had neglected to sleep properly the night before , preferring to write letters to his petite cherie in birmingham . how pathetic  she was probably getting some from a sly young officer on leave as he penned them . i get on the radio . newline newline  this is easy 76 to dover radar station . copy radar contacts bearing 330 altitude one thousand metres . guide easy 83 to us promptly  we ll need the backup .  newline newline  copy easy 76 the cavalry is on the way .  newline newline i direct my wingmen into a looser formation as we gain visual contact to our right . perhaps sleepdrunk , montgomery pisses me off right away . newline newline  tallyho , right 3 oclock , i m in !  he shouts as he works his plane into a clockwise roll to effectively bear down on the four me109s . could nt he have waited ? newline newline  alright jones , let s go save his ass .  newline newline  sure thing captain .  newline newline 2nd lieutenant jones was the only brit that i liked in the squadron . he was nt some hothead cambridge boy like montgomery . newline newline we pedaled left to gain speed on our subsequent clockwise roll to shoot down in behind them , but as my fighter reached full inversion an explosion made me nearly piss myself . a sigh of relief , followed by a massive surge of adrenaline , once i glimpsed a tiny spitfire zoom out of the german formation and we lined up for a strafing run . we were at the edge of our guns  range when my heart sank in horror  there were only three germans in the formation , and certainly only one had been splashed by montgomery . i looked up just in time to see the remaining pair bear straight down on us from on high . newline newline the last things that i saw were iron crosses and fire .people tend to forget the roman empire never faded away or collapsed . what did happend however , was the western roman empire fell in on itself . the eastern empire however , also know as the byzantine empire , was alive and well . had it not been for alexios the reclaimer though , the glory of roman rule might have been lost forever . newline newline few will dispute the cunning of alexios . his shrewd battle tactics and intimate understanding of logistics kept his armies well fed and supplied as they battled the heathens in asia minor and africa . his descion to modernize the byzanine navy kept his armies mobile and able to quell rebellion in the vast swaths of land he returned to the empire . newline newline his lawful occupation of venice lead to a domination of trade in the both europe and africa that filled the empires coffers  and fueled a resurgence in greek artwork and architecture that lasted for a century and a half . the money also helped fund an advanced army and navy that none could compete with . newline newline there were flaws and failures mind you . alexios married his way into every noble family in byzantium . this led to an outbreak of nepotisim that lead to many problems in our european holdings and the breakaway of the duchy of alexandria . of course , the intermarrying also strengthened byzantium leaders and limited infighting and pretender kings for centuries more . each policy had advantages and drawbacks . newline newline alexios has earned many names after his death . father of the world . restorer of roman glory . and many others that are well deserved . though the great schisim between orthadox and the errant catholcs would nt be mended until the 14th century . and a united roman empire would nt reform again until the late 15th century . neither of these glories would be possible without alexios and his glorous rule . newline newlinethe ringing in her ears would nt stop . the burst of gunshots was deafening . she had been hiding under the desk for hours . her heart was racing and her fingers were twitching . she was wearing her blue nikes today . they were worn but better than heels . newline newline lindsey was a lucky child . the odds of her being born were slim . her mother would call her as a child ,  her little miracle  , whenever she came home from riding bikes all day . her father would smile . her father was the strong and silent type . he never complained and he never once let her down . tony soprano would have loved this guy . he also wore a john deere hat and spent his time in the woods alone . newline newline there was a day when she followed him out into the woods . she found out that he had a cabin . she peeked in there , through the pale reflections of trees and saw nothing . over the ringing of birds chirping she heard a voice ,  what are you doing here ?  newline newline she whipped around and stared into her fathers pale blue eyes . she could get lost in those planets and never find what he s thinking .  looking for you ,  she replied .  mom is almost done with dinner . newline newline he stared at her .  listen lindsey , i need to tell you something  . he adjusted his trucker hat . and set down his rifle .  i know something bad is going to happen on november 10th , 2020 . i m not a superstitious man . this is something i do just know , though  . when that day comes , and you see something you never thought you would see , i want you to run . do nt try to understand , just run .  newline newline her fathers words rang in her ears as she remembered them , and she was in the classroom . she peeked around the teachers desk she was hiding behind . she looked around the side and saw some guys hiding behind an upturned table .  lindsey !  one of them whisper cried .  we are going to get out of here , follow us !  all three of them got up and went to the door , incautiously . but before they could touch the doorknob , the door kicked open and the boys chest was filled with holes as blood spilt everywhere . the other buy gasped and backed away with his hand up in tepid surrender . the gun followed him and the hand holding it was followed by a familiar green hat . it was her father . newline newline he squeezed the trigger and pierced the boys youthful mind with bullets before cornered the third child . who had sank to his knees , callously weeping . her fathers back was to her , and she remembered his words . newline newline she made it outside and the sun was waiting for , shining on her face . her mother was there waiting for her , with everyone else s parents . they embraced . her mother looked into her eyes .  your father carried this burden for sixteen long years ,  she said .  before you were born , we had to choose a scenario for you , the only scenario in which you would survive . your father knew he would go insane , but i never imagined it would be today . he was just fine last night . he even cleaned all of his guns  . betablock 3 prepare for adhesion .  newline newline  copy that , knight  newline newline it had been three days since contact . no shots have been fired . no reinforcements have arrived . they ve finally lowered their shields as a sort of invitation . still , i am afraid . my body is numb . i ve come to the realization that the only way of possibly communicating with them is by pictures , gestures , words , and any combination thereof . morse code or radio signals did nt induce any form of response . it s amazing . what are they ? newline newline  caitlin , are you ready ?  newline newline  i think so .  newline newline  do you have your weapon ?  newline newline  i do .  newline newline  lovely . remember , we ll be with you every step of the way . do nt hesitate to take them out if the need arises .  newline newline  that s very comforting , stewart .  newline newline  you got it , babe .  newline newline  betablock 3 you are clear for entrance .  newline newline we opened the door into the alien spacecraft . it was pitch black . no lights were on , but there was a faint sound of gunfire coming from a room . it was like it was playing through an old jukebox , or something . what the fuck ?  . and then , newline newline  meguuf strahn beriud !  newline newline alien laughter followed . newline newline i approached the room with my hands held high . i turned the corner and there they were . fat , amorphous globs of purple muck sunk into lounge chairs . they were sitting in front of an enormous television playing video games . i spoke . newline newline  hello travelers .  newline newline they paused the game and turned around . i could nt help but notice it was fallout 4 . newline newline  fallout 4 ?  newline newline  ruhnst fallout 4 !  they exclaimed . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinethe soontobegreat wizard bailey waved her hand to silence the demon s droning . it had been about an hour since she d commanded it to tell her its name and it had nt stopped speaking since . newline newline  well ,  she began ,  yergal , do you mind if i call you yergal ?  the demon shook its head no , so bailey went on ,  do you have any friends ?  newline newline the demon looked at bailey suspiciously .  demons do nt have many friends ,  it said scornfully . newline newline with a name like that , bailey could nt imagine why other demons did nt like the poor fellow . she waved her hand as if to bat away its ire .  alright , do you have anyone you do nt like very much ?  newline newline yergal tilted its head and then seemed to piece together what was going on .  there is this one asshole named steve . steveyuit ,  it nodded .  he calls me pukeface .  newline newline bailey laughed .  it s always someone named steve , is nt it ? very well .  she began to write the name down .  you re dismissed ,  bailey added , distracted . the demon disappeared in a puff of smoke . newline newline bailey began the ritual again and another demon appeared , looking angry .  tell me your name ,  bailey commanded . newline newline the new demon winced under her gaze and power .  steveyuit ,  it whimpered . bailey sat down in her creaky chair with a satisfied look .god , i can not believe it ... my eighteenth birthday . newline newline everyone s eyes changed at age 18 , there were really no exceptions . blue eyes gave flight , brown eyes gave super strength , hazel gave flight , etc . luckily they could be any color you could think of , so it s not like there were only 5 or so powers you could get . but what i was really hoping for were mixes . the rare occasions that people had mixed eyes gave incredible powers . newline newline i once heard this story of a guy that went to my high school , i think greg was his name . anyways , on his eighteenth birthday , greg woke up with one green eye and one cyan eye . guess what his power was ? mind reading . fucking mind reading . but i think the guy went insane , did nt know how to control it . he got sent to like guantanamo bay or something . newline newline i went to the bathroom for my usual morning activities . as i looked into the mirror , my breath stopped . my heart pounded into my throat as i gazed at the reflection staring back at me . my eyes were black . no , not just black pupils . my whole goddamn eye was black . iris , pupil , fucking everything . newline newline it was then that i began to hear whispering . i could nt tell what they were saying at first , it just sounded like gibberish . but the more i listened the more i began to make out what they were saying . i heard footsteps , pounding to the bathroom door . someone was running straight to the room . shit , what if i had some sort of power that the government wanted ? what if i got placed under a ton of experiments . i ca nt go through with this , man , i was still trying to get my grades up before graduation . newline newline the footsteps were right outside the door , they were going to burst in at any moment . my heart was racing , sweat was practically pouring off my forehead . newline newline  happy birthday son ! ! ! !  shouted the three intruders as the door flew open , revealing a father holding a cake , a mother holding balloons , and a younger sister practically tackling me to give me a hug . newline newline except she never reached me . as soon as they all saw my eyes , they recoiled in terror . newline newline  michael ... . your eyes ... ..  newline newline i turned away in embarrassment ... . i did nt want them to see my eyes ... . i did nt know what was wrong with me ... what.. thing did i now possess inside of me ? what danger did i prove to people ? am i going to start making enemies , will i have to be on the run ? newline newline  writing this for nanowrimo , if any cares about reading the rest , pm me and i ll send you updates as i continue writing of course the plane is going down . the one time i heed my weird friend s warning and smuggle on a parachute , the plane is going down . newline newline the plane shakes as the pilot announces ,  we are losing fuel fast . we can coast after it s gone , but we will have to make an emergency landing . passenger s please buckle yourselves in , the fight attendants will be checking on everyone .  newline newline i have the righthand window seat , the one on top of the wing . beyond the wing is nothing but trees . the man next to me is starting to hyperventilate . i pull my backpack out from under my seat and unzip it . he glances over , and recognizes the bright yellow fabric .  he ... hey ... is that a ... parachute ?  he asks in between breaths . newline newline i look him in the eye , and say quietly ,  yes . it s a parachute . but we probably wo nt need it . the pilot said he can coast us into a landing .  newline newline  ye ... yeah.. if he.. finds ... . somewhere to ... land .  newline newline then the engine explodes . there s a flash , and the shock wave deafens my right ear . the man on my left screams ,  oh god ! oh god ! oh god !  he grips the seat below him firmly , as if he can melt himself into it . the plane starts to veer right , but i ve already unbuckled and i m climbing over him and into the aisle . i hold up my backpack ,  i have a parachute !  newline newline some heads turn toward me .  are there any small children ?  i ask .  we can tighten it enough for a small child .  newline newline the pilot has started to straighten out the plane , but it s clear things are nt going well . newline newline a woman behind me shouts ,  my son , he s twelve !  newline newline i start to turn , just as a man towards the front says ,  wait , my daughter , she s only six !  newline newline another man in the back says timidly ,  the woman next to me has a baby .  i turn and see a mexican woman cradling her baby and crying . newline newline i shake my head .  it wo nt hold a baby . and besides , we re over a forest . whoever we send will have to fend for themselves for at least a couple hours , maybe more . newline newline the woman with the twelve year old says ,  well if we re going to play the numbers game then none of that matters . we have to save the baby .  newline newline i take out the parachute to see if it can be adjusted for a baby . no sooner is it out then it s gone . a quiet man in a dark hoodie has grabbed it from me and is running to the front emergency exit . i shout ,  stop him !  a panicked looking flight attendant stands wideeyed as the hoodied man runs past her , unstopped . he s already got his arms through the loops and is straining with the handle to the emergency door . newline newline i start to sprint after him , but the left engine explodes , and the plane veers . everyone is screaming . i fall into an empty seat , and i can see that up ahead the hoodied man already has the door open and is jumping out . newline newline i climb . the plane is swinging back and forth , but i climb as fast as i can over people and seat cushions and dislodged luggage . i reach the door . the wind rushing past makes a howling noise like a demon being tortured . i leap out . newline newline i just barely avoid getting hit by the right wing , and i have to squint to avoid the wind burning my eyes . i look around frantically , until i see the man with the parachute about 100 feet below me . i point my feet towards him and try to keep my body as straight as possible . newline newline i fall , praying that my aim is true . after about 5 seconds i hear a billowing sound below me , and i feel my feet hitting the deployed parachute . newline newline i fall into it like a christmas tree getting wrapped in netting . i m pretty sure i hear him shout  no !  as i fly past , and then i m dragging him down with me . newline newline we tumble around each other like dancers , held together by ropes instead of folded hands , and i laugh sadly , knowing justice has been served .by now most people had unfriended or blocked dave  s account . it wasn  t that they didn  t like him anymore . in fact , it was quite the opposite . he was still a great guy , always the first to wish you a happy birthday , or send an optimistic comment to a friend  s post . it wasn  t even that he had been dead for two years . newline newline tboned by a drunk driver right after graduation . newline newline at first his death actually drove those numbers up . you  d be surprised how many people claim to have been your closest friend and confidant right after you pass . newline newline the numbers started dropping a little after he started using his account again . newline newline it was definitely dave though . sure , we questioned it at first , but he quickly verified it with a photo . letting us know that all things considered he was doing alright . newline newline you see , the problem was that even though dave had always been the first to lend a hand to his friends and he went to church every sunday , it was obvious that he was in hell . newline newline that  s what did it for most people , if dave couldn  t even make it to heaven , what chance did the rest of us have ? it was just easier for us to ignore him . newline newline there were probably only 17 of us left who saw his final message . he had to shut down his account . he had taken a management position and company policy clearly stated that he would have to leave all social media in the event that it might reflect poorly on hell . newlineit s a struggle , this necromancy business . all i wanted was to bring back the lord and master for earth s final reckoning . not a big ask ! and yet it s taken me thirty years to find the necessary books amidst the chaotic dark magic libraries . those are hard enough to find , hidden beneath the basements of old french hospitals or in the hidden coves of indian burial grounds . i ve traveled the world in search of the answers to life and death , but now . now , i hold the key in my hands , bound in blood and leather . newline newline the conditions required for the ceremony are as i would expect  a full moon , 5 black candles , a meeting point on the crossing of ley lines , and apparently the semen of a virile man . i m not sure about the last element , but i m sure all will become clear . newline newline i sit on the cold earth in the centre of the elaborate platform i have drawn in virgin spilled blood , with the book in front of me , and chant the words i have learnt in the dead of night for weeks , until they could roll off my tongue like quicksilver as they do now . the candles drip where they burn with green flames and the wax runs onto the grass , cooling instantly in the misty air . moonlight shines on my face , breaking out from cloud , at the moment i finish chanting . everything is going exactly to plan , second to second as the book describes . newline now comes the , well , more strange element , but who am i to second guess old dark magic ? newline i drink the semen from the crystal vial , mixed with my own blood . nothing happens . newline newline i drop the glass to the ground and flick through the book with shaking fingers . this is nt right ! the world should have  turned upside down and dragged the cruel fingers of life through my body  , then  borne the dead from the legs of the caster  . the lord has not returned . there is no body rising from at my feet , no clawing at the soil . i feel nothing , no sensation expect roiling panic . this is useless , the book must be wrong , too old for proper magic working . newline newline i stand up , adjusting my balls where the material of my ceremonial robes has rubbed and itched against them . my feet feel swollen and sore and my legs shake , most likely from sitting for such a long time . i m famished from the spell work as well  i need some chocolate to reenergise me .  you disappoint me so much.   newline newline the words echo in my head . they  re the first thing i hear when i wake up . when i get into the car to drive to work , no matter how loud i turn the stereo up i can  t stop hearing them . while i sit , in that tiny little cubicle , among the sounds of phonecalls , printers , and keyboards , i hear those words , bouncing around my head . like a bullet , tearing through my brain . newline newline and you know , sometimes , when i come home to my empty apartment , and eat another one of those goddamned shit frozen dinners , i can  t help but think he was right . when he was my age , he was building his business . he was having dinners with these rich men in the city , making connections , making money . he went home , and he was greeted by his wife who  d swoon over how much she had missed him . newline newline   you disappoint me so much   newline newline the statement , the idea , the words they ricochet around my skull while i lay in the bed . i try to think about how i ought to sleep , how much i need to sleep that i have to wake up for work tomorrow but why do i bother waking up at all ? newline newline   you disappoint me so much   newline newline he was sick . he was barely there when i was a boy . i don  t remember playing any games with him . there were no boring road trips . there were no family vacations . he was always too busy for me . but when he was dying , when he was laying in that pathetic bed , in that hospital , not a day went by that i didn  t visit him . newline newline   you disappoint me so much   newline newline the last goddamn words i ever heard him say . he was barely even there when i was growing up , and he was my father ! and he had the nerve to say that it was i i who had disappointed him ! ? newline newline   you disappoint me so much   newline newline i never went back to see him after that . newline newline   you disappoint me so much   newline newline he died about a week later . i refused to go to the funeral , and after that my mother stopped talking to me . newline newline   you disappoint me so much   newline newline i drank so much . newline newline   you disappoint me so much   newline newline and lost my job . newline newline   you disappoint me so much   newline newline i stopped talking to my girlfriend , and didn  t even notice when she left me . newline newline   you disappoint me so much   newline newline and i kept drinking . newline newline   you disappoint me so much   newline newline and those words kept going through my skull . newline newline   you disappoint me so much   newline newline each time i heard them again , like a bullet straight through my forehead . newline newline   you disappoint me so much   newline newline and i  ve never been so angry . newline newline   you disappoint me so much   newline newline but if there  s anything i can do , it  s prove that dead bastard wrong . newline newline and everyday i get up , and i go to this job . newline newline and i get a step closer to that management position . newline newline a step closer to making him look like a fool . newline newline   you disappoint me so much   newline newline but those words still hit me . newline newline they used to kill me a little more each time . newline newline but now they push me . newline newline push me to prove him wrong . newline newline and now , i do nt hear those words as much as i did . alright men , we have been brought here today to decide the fate of the earth ,  obama stood , speaking to the leaders of the worldwide governments gathered around him ,  now , i know we all have not gotten together in the past , but , i believe now is the time to change that . billions of people will die if we do nt pool our resources , minds , and technology together .  confused looks were exchanged around the meeting circle . the glossy sheen of the surface of the table seemed like a popular meeting place for the eyes of our leaders . newline newline  first off ,  putin stood as obama sat down , trying to cut through his russian accent enough for the room to understand ,  who made obama the chancellor . i am as qualified as any to lead this meeting as him . i guess it s just the democracy flowing through him , needing a place to escape .  laughter roared from other leaders . obama could nt take any slander , especially coming from a communist s sour mouth . newline newline  listen here putin ,  obama shook his finger and pointed at the almost dead red ,  i know you hate me , and i hate you , but we need to make this effort to save the people we love . our country s depend on us and it s time to act like the leaders people view us as . i m not going to sit here and allow these people to die , whether they are american , australian , russian , korean , african , or even chinese . if it takes the leader of democracy to bring a plan into action then by hell i m going to lead the cause .  there was debate among the other leaders , which soon stopped when the emperor of japan stood up and addressed the congress . newline newline  what are we to do then obama . how do we find the means of ridding the earth of this terror .  newline newline  my dear friend akihito , we must bring together all of our technological advancements . we must reveal here , the secrets we ve been keeping from the public . we need to pool together every resource we have , and that means baring all . since i know this is going to be hard for you all , i decided to go first . our most secret technology , worked on by only the most intelligent scientists on this planet . stand back , for it s freedom might blow you away .  newline newline obama sat down and 2 agents dressed in tight black business suits wheeled in a large trolley covered with a black sheet . the future saviors of our world collectively held their breath and stared , waiting for the big unveil . suddenly the large covering was whipped off , and the group gasped . on the trolley lay a large display screen . obama whipped out a remote from his pocket and pressed a large red center button on it . the screen suddenly came to life and started levitating above the floor , floating around the room for all to stare . suddenly the screen flickered and  12 angry men  popped on , in all it s hd glory . newline  it s glorious !  newline  it s magnificent !  newline  it s got all my favorite channels !  newline newline obama chuckled ,  yes it has all that and more my friends . this , this is the future of the world right here . i believe the threat of the dissipation of primetime television will end today .  everyone clapped for the dark chocolate eagle , marveling at his technological prowess . one by one the leaders showed off their governments inventions . japan s couch that automatically dispenses soda and refrigerates your favorite snacks , russia s brand new dvr technology , that records your favorite shows before you even know that they re your favorite , korea s state of the art judgement software , that bombs the sets of shows you deem highly unworthy . even africa brought new and improved redray disc players to the table , capable of capturing scenes from your favorite movies and synthesizing them into discs for your later enjoyment . newline newline once this technology was released upon the earth , primetime television would no longer bow down to the endless enjoyment of a computer screen . the earth was saved this time , and all the leaders could go back to infecting the unsuspecting with aids while we engorged ourselves on fresh brewed japanese couchbeer and cried to the final scenes of the last season of game of thrones . newlineruth s knees wobbled like spaghetti as she crossed the river  no , it was a room , not a river . she steadied her fragile hands on whatever object she could grope . this was her ultimate quest , she had to make her way to the mouth of the river  no , to the kitchen , not the mouth of the river  so she could cook up something to fill her meatballsized stomach . honestly , a single lasagna noodle would last her days , but it was the retrieving of said lasagna noodle that worried her . newline newline she saw the kitchen twenty steps in front of her , but her spaghetti legs and gooey tomato joints made those twenty steps twenty miles . the current of the river dared to throw her feeble body across the room  wait , this was nt a river , was it ? newline newline oh , ruth ... you ve really lost it , she thought to herself . she wanted to shout these words out to god , so maybe he would take her life , but she could nt find her voice box . newline newline and then she remembered : meatball and spaghetti does nt have a voice box , ruth newline newline wait ... what did that mean ? why did she say that to herself ? now fifteen steps away , she rested for a moment on a nearby boulder  no , not a boulder , a chair ! ruth began to shake her head in frustration but quickly forgot why she was angry . newline newline when she caught her breath , she continued her trek . in midstep , she felt a crawling , uncomfortable force in her throat . all of a sudden , she started vomiting gallons of water that shook her entire noodley body . she felt a meager heat throughout her entire body , that quickly turned into a violent , painful flood of magma . her head , which more resembled a meatball than a human skull , toppled off of her shoulders and whirlpooled in the powerful current of water that now surrounded her . her arthritisridden back smashed into the side of the metal pot she resided in , and a confettiburst of noodles exploded from the sticky orifice that her decapitated meatballhead once rested upon . her oldlady screams sounded more like the prominent sound one would hear when stomping on wet meat , but the horror in her tone was unprecedented . newline newline she came to the full realization that her 93year old body was now a spaghetti and meatball dish that a family of four would delve into , and that her skin was melting from her malleable bones in a giant pot of boiling water . she never knew her dementia would get this bad , especially since it was nt hereditary . the pieces all came together in a horrifying moment of crippling awareness  she was experiencing this unrivaled suffering for one reason , and one reason only : when she was 17 , she had once smoked the devil s lettuce , more commonly known as cannabis , with a couple friends . it had obviously had a slow effect , but a tremendous effect nonetheless , as she now underwent the morbid preparation of a common italian dish , colloquially known as spaghetti and meatballs .mark pushed the button on the metallic silver box . this was no small feat , the box seemed to repel his fingers , no matter how hard he gripped it , he couldn  t physically touch the button . only repel it down . newline newline mark closed his eyes as he felt the space around him wave , and it was over . mark held the box upright in his palm , his fingers outstretched like a claw . he looked down at his forearm and it had worked , he was black . newline newline well , more mulatto than anything , mark thought . newline newline  i can  t believe it worked ! of course i can , look at this thing !  he held up the box over the sink of his bathroom , the poor yellow lighting exposed the lines of the barriers surrounding its surface . newline newline mark looked around suspiciously , he couldn  t have his family finding out about this . newline he got too excited , he shouldn  t have been so loud . newline newline  now , how am i going to hide this ,  he said , looking down into his palm . he had tried putting it in his pocket earlier , it kept sliding out . no matter how many times he tried to push it to the bottom of his pocket he would hover at fixed planes , shifting regardless of how he walked . newline newline  into the coat , then.  mark put the box inside his jacket , one arm holding it inside . newline i look like i  m about to assassinate reagan , he thought . better get to my room before my parents get home . newline newline  mark , we  re back !  his mom called as she opened the front door . he heard plastic bags crackling over the squeak of the door  s hinges . dad hasn  t oiled the hinges , that hasn  t changed . newline newline mark opened the bathroom door quickly , fast walking down the long hallway to his room . he knew he only had a few more seconds before they would get around the corner and be able to see him . he could make it in time ! newline newline mark has his hand on his bedroom doorknob as he froze ,  oh , there you are , mark ! newline where are you running off to today ?  his mom joked . newline newline  screw it ,  mark said to himself , throwing the box into his room . he closed the door and turned around , willing to humor his parents for a while . he wondered how they would have changed . newline newline he met halfway with his mom in the hallway , they walked along the carpet in the hallway . mark was thankful to get off the cold marble floors . newline newline she doesn  t really look in any different , mark thought as he hugged his mother . newline her hair is different , obviously . she was keeping it shorter than usual , but beside skin , that was about it . newline newline newline mark noticed his mother  s hands were empty . he looked behind her and saw his white maid , hands filled with bags like a saddled mule . newline newline mark and his mother parted ,  so , what have you been up to today ?  she asked him ,  irene , can you put those up in the kitchen , please ?  she turned back to mark . newline newline what did i do , mark thought to himself . i wonder what else i changed . newline newline  i  ve just been relaxing today , mom . i slept in a bit.  newline newline  it  s almost four ,  she said , annoyed ,  you  re going to sleep your summer away.  newline newline  it  s like , june , still.  newline newline  it s july fourth ! you better be ready in time for the barbecue ,  she laughed and went to the kitchen . newline newline i seem slightly richer than i was before , he thought , as he looked around his house . the floors were thoroughly waxed , his chandelier seemed a little bigger . his newline newline mom had gotten a better taste in art , but her personality hadn  t changed . newline newline  huh ,  mark said aloud to himself , turning back to walk into his room . he needed newline to find out if he changed history at all somehow . newline newline mark locked the door and went to his computer then kicked the box under his bed . newline it slid like an air hockey puck then bounced off his wall out onto the other side . out of eyeshot , at least . newline newline he immediately to ancestry.com  unofficially sponsored by , ancestry.com  and looked into his genealogy . his family was definitely wealthy when he was white , but now it was more pronounced . newline newline mark gawked at his computer screen . his family had been one of the first free and most influential in american history . they had lived in d.c. back then too . his newline family were close associates of george washington . newline newline they had jumpstarted civil rights , slavery was abolished and the civil war never newline happened . he was more surprised at that last fact than anything . he wondered if mississippi would be good now . newline newline he kept progressing down , lower and lower into the present day . newline newline in the 1960s , his family had started a political revolution . overthrowing the u.s. government and enslaving the white populace . segregation was enforced heavily among the other races . newline newline so my family is still rich , but for different reasons , mark thought calmly to himself . newline newline what did i do ? i pray to god slavery didn  t need to happen . i destroyed america . yeah , racism existed , but we were beginning to move on , for the most part . we didn  t have literal slavery at this period of time . newline newline mark looked to the floor for the box . it was leaping up and down , jumping from plane to plane in space above the floor . newline newline he grabbed it out of the air , needing both hands to keep it from sliding out of his grasp . he could just try to go back to being white ! or maybe some other race next . newline newline  how do i even pick what to select ? i just got lucky the first time and got what i wanted ,  he almost shouted in his room .  do i have to cycle through races ? really ? newline how many would there be ? am i just going to die of radiation poisoning before that ? newline newline oh , man , even if i get back to being white that means slavery had to happen , because slavery had already happened and the resentment continued to exist , obviously . i wish i could change history back even further somehow to make sure slavery just didn  t happen . that might fix things ?  newline newline  welp , only one way to find out . i can  t leave history destroyed.  newline newline newline newlinei lay , bleary eyed in an unfamiliar bed , surrounded by world media . i ve know for a long time this day would come . yes immortality was offered to me and i was by no means poor so i could have easily afforded it . i just never wanted to think about living forever . life is shit , society is shit . why would nt i want to leave ? newline newline they ve turned me into somewhat of a spectacle , the media . some people are praising my bravery , some just calling me plain stupid . i do nt care . the sooner this is over with the better . newline newline i would ve taken my life years ago but i m a coward and for about 12 years now i have struggled with even the simplest of tasks . i guess that s what happens when you reach the grand old age of 131 . the annoying thing is that i m not even the oldest person to have lived ! some japanese guy who died a few years back was 149 . i could nt imagine myself going for that long . newline newline the end was near and all i could think was how refreshing it was going to be . i have never thought of myself as a religious man however i still wonder , whats next ? yes there s been mountains of evidence to prove that there is and never was a god but that does nt mean there is nt an afterlife . a place for the soul to go . to think , i could be the last soul to leave the planet and the last to join the afterlife . sort of like winning the lottery and getting struck by lightning at the same time . newline newline i can hear all of the chatter from everyone in the room . there s countless languages being spoken in front of me . i get bits of different conversations , none of which make sense . i can just about see my face on a monitor behind a portly news reporter . i look so old . newline newline then suddenly , there s just quiet . i know it has nt happened yet because , well , i m still here . the people in the room are all staring at me now . i can feel an incredible warmth over my body . newline newline this is it . preparing for drop to mars ...  andrew ran around the console , flipping buttons and pulling levers , trying to not die in the atmosphere of the red planet . he pressed the last button , and straightened out , he glanced over to the panels . perfect , everything was smooth , the landing would be perfect , he had seen to it . andrew let out a sigh , and slumped over on the wall . newline within moments , his crew mate , james burst in , gasping for breath . he spotted andrew , and pointed back the way he came . newline newline  what s happened ?  andrew stood up and ran over to james . newline  sandra ... she s in labour ...  james took a deep breath  follow me .  newline newline james turned and began to run , andrew close to his heels , they turned into the sleeping quarters , where all of the pillows were propped up on one bed , and sandra , screaming , the other two crew members , cecil and april , were already beside her , toiling away . newline newline andrew paused for a moment , and took a deep breath , the world around him turned a bright red , the warning lights , he ran back to the piloting area , where all of the panels were flashing red , engines , shock absorbers , everything , was offline . newline newline so this was his fate , to die on the red planet , with a baby that has nt yet taken it s first breath .please , i begged lady luck , please . newline newline if i did nt get this job , i did nt know what i d do . newline newline the interviewer rolled a three , my stomach sunk . newline newline one more die to cast . newline newline i felt my stomach twinge , and i sent another plea to our lady to grant me this . if she granted me anything , let it be this ... newline newline a two . newline newline the interview clicked her tongue . five in total , five out of twelve . newline newline  sorry , sir .  she began , even though she was nt sorry at all .  you need at least six in total to proceed .  newline newline there was nothing i could say , our lady knew best , would always be the reply . itch ! itch ! heads up boys , we ve got to move !  the neuron shouted .  move !   move !   move !  its neighbors echoed . a jolt of electricity ran down the axon of the long neuron , ending in a chemical explosion at the terminal . more jolts of electricity later , a shower of chemicals woke up the receptors at the motor end plate . newline newline  got ta go ! got ta release the calcium ! calcium !  bellowed the motor end plate . this echoed deep into the tubules of the muscles , opening a hatch . and out poured the calcium like a tidal wave of stress balls , filling every nook and cranny . troponin , holding its friend tropomyosin in a bear hug , released its grip to catch a few . tropomyosin got up and stretched . newline newline almost immediately , myosin noticed that a seat was available , and sniped it like an asshole . tropomyosin , still blissfully stretching , remained unaware . myosins all over followed suit , settling deep into the actin chairs and scooting around . the walls shook , creaked , and groaned like a centuries old machine . newline newline i scratched my nose .i could nt decide whether i was dreaming or not . i could feel my bed , yes . from my closed eyes i could still tell that there was muted light coming from my window . dawn ? most probably . so i guess i m waking up . newline newline i lay in my bed in the slowly brightening room when i heard it . breathing . heavy . it was nt mine , i was sure of it . there was someone else in my room . to my right ? yes . i slowly turned my head and opened my eyes . there she was . a person . a person i have never seen before was standing by my bed and was just staring at me . newline newline i lay there and she stood there , just staring at each other . after what seemed like hours , she spoke . newline newline  it s you ,  it was almost a whisper .  you re my favorite character in the book ! i ca nt let it end the way it did . i m going to help you .  newline newline gaddamfuckingshit . not another one .he gasped as he stared across the flat plain , his eyes bulging from the effort involved . how foolish he had been , he thought , as he slowly moved himself forward . foolish for leaving the safety of his home . foolish for striking out , but it seemed like such a good idea at the time . he remembered the sight and how it seemed so exciting , so new . how could he have known ? newline newline newline the light beat down . he could feel it on his skin , almost cooking him . he continued to move forward , seeming inches at a time . flailing with his last energy he fell forward and felt himself come against a smooth , cold wall . looking up he saw that it went up impossibly , clear to the bright lights above . he  d come so far , yet not far enough . with a final gasp he felt the darkness roll in . newline newline newline  mom ! i think billy put his fish in my glass !  newline newline newline  i didn  t ! it was in the bowl ! i don  t know why it  s on the table !  newlinethe damned casters were a tough prey . michael knew that without a doubt and it s why he enjoyed his job . hunting a most dangerous and hard to kill quarry . if the bastards were nt invisible , they were protected by all manner of spell and trinket . newline newline detection spells , time delaying zones which slowed bullets down to a tenth of their normal speed letting other casters cast domes of protection against projectiles . even top grade snipers had their work cut out for them when it came to casters . artillery strikes could be diverted back on to friendlies through portals or all out protected against with barriers . newline newline air planes were downed by flying witches and other aeronautical traps cast by the casters . outside of cities , casters were tough to kill if they had any skill or ability . low level casters could be taken out with ingenuity and innovation , and that s why there often kept in open areas while high level casters operated within cities , often holding cities hostage under threat of retaliation . newline newline it s why michael was so pleased with his latest catch . a high level caster that thought himself free of attack . but michael had filled ac system of his room with a variety of psychodellic and sedative aerosols . the protections put in place by the caster fell apart as the caster started to hallucinate and suffer delusions of arousal caused by the psychodellic substances . newline newline all michael had to was step in the room and tranq the caster . now he was going to use the caster against his own kind in a most horrific and nefarious manner . newline newline    newline newline abigail had worried for sigfried . she had not heard from him in quite sometime . the coven was normally dispersed throughout the city ready to retaliate against any muggle attempts at violence , but after the disappearance of a few of their own as of late . the coven felt it necessary to start being vigilant with staying in their enclaves when not performing patrols or other manner of business which provided for the coven . newline newline abigail was one of thirty witches within the enclave , a hidden space beneath a bar three stories deep filled with numerous rooms and secret places within . even if a muggle force could get within , they d find themselves lost and ambushed by defenders allowing any necessary escape to occur . newline newline while deep in thought abigail was shocked to hear the words .  we ve found sigfried , he s in a bad way . the muggles are truly devils .  abigail s surprise turned to horrified shock as she saw the mutilated form of sigfried . newline newline the lower witches placed him on the grand table so the various healers within the coven could attend to sigfried . newline newline  who would do such a thing abby .  asked a softspoken and horrified emily . abbigail could only speak slowly herself  only a most twisted and evil lot .  newline newline sigfried s arms were wrong . they had been removed and reattached where his legs were supposed to be and his legs were where his arms were supposed to be . his mouth was sewn shut with a strange white cord , as were his eyes . his clothes were soaked in blood and his stomach seemed swollen and large . abigail wondered what animal would do such an act . newline newline  we have to remove these cords from his mouth  a forgettable low level healer said . before abigail could think to tell her no , the low level healer cast a spell to turn the cords inanimate so they could be removed without trauma . the problem with that though , was that it was one of the eight triggering mechanisms for the collection of explosives within sigfried s still barley living corpse . newline newline his arms and legs had been deboned , with the muscle and skin carefully placed over plastique explosive packs wrapped with razor wire . his large and small intestine had been removed and packed with sarine nerve gas packs mixed covered with microfine magnesium powder providing a deadman s base chemical detonator insuring that the odorless danger would be dispersed in case the explosives were disarmed . the amount of liquid to aerosol formed packs were four times what was used in japan in the eighties , and the sarine gas used was pure so it would be completely odorless and undetectable . newline newline sigfried s left kidney was replaced with a five pound charge of semtex with washers covering it . it s explosive force alone would create secondary detonations in the limbs in case the limbs were safely removed without detonation but left within twenty feet of the detonation . newline newline the white cord itself was detonation cord wrapped around copper wire set on a deadman s current switch . in any instance the wire failed to run between and to the detonator in sigfried s mouth with it s own small explosive charge , the two explosives would detonate . removing sigfried s intestines had made the running of the cord quite easily when michael opened a hole in sigfried s stomach . the explosive charge and detonator in sigfried s mouth was actually two pieces put together with cord running to each side , and sewn through his mouth , once current stopped running to one piece , a detonator switch would activate based off a poweroff trip , detonating not only itself but the other piece as well . newline newline this dead man s relay also ran to the explosive charge in sigfried s limbs and absent kidney area , with the cord just beneath the skin to the limbs and through the gullet to the kidney area . newline newline in total , fifty pounds of high explosives detonated killing all within the great hall instantly . all the witches on the top two floor of the basement were killed by either explosive force or fire . those fortunate enough to be on the bottom floor and survive quickly found themselves succumbing to the sarin nerve gas and their attempts at healing spells quickly failed as the nerve gas destroyed their brains . for days the sarin nerve gas would linger , claiming innumerable and unwary caster investigators , leaving many to ponder that a fellow witch had been responsible for the attack   newline newline michael watched from the safety of lookout at the scene unfolding before him . the enclave had had many protection ward and spells in place . a direct attack from outside was impossible to even those aware of the enclave s presence . these protections also acted to limit the external effect of the explosion . the bar atop of the enclave was left completely unaffected . it was only when flames and smoke started to come out of the basement entrance was there even a hint of the plan s success without anyone else the wiser . newline newline  are you proud of yourself murderer ?  an impudent and angry witch named drake said . for his question , drake was rewarded with a zap from michael s taser . newline newline drake was such a pathetic figure . a medieval looking head device was borne upon his head . any unauthorized sound from him for more than four seconds would lead to a series of small explosives detonating not only within the attached head ware but also the foreign mass inside his rectum sewn inside and unbothered by the colostomy bag installed in drake s intestines to allow him to shit while having the  dildo bomb  sewn trapped within him . drake was a low level caster and had been easily captured outside a farmhouse that the casters had used as a training place for their low level casters . he had been purposed primarily as a healer and michael had watched him heal mutilated cattle as part of his training . newline newline drake had served michael numerous times and in numerous ways . drake had been forced to cast a stasis spell on sigfried while michael did his butcher s work . drake had known what fate awaited his fellow witches . but after months of horrific torture at michael s hands , he was not a fully broke and beaten creature . drake had not been the only kidnapped witch of michael s there had been another and she had been willful , frequently testing michael but after she attempted to spell him . her fate had been most gruesome and disturbing . drake had been forced to use all of his skill as a healer to keep her alive as michael made a ghastly display of her . organs and flesh placed and positioned to create a most bizarre scene . various tubes and devices used to physical torment her in every way imaginable . newline newline drake had wept openly as michael forced him to undue the stasis spell . for a brief few seconds the poor witch was treated to her living organs salted , in boiling water , being feasted on by rats , and burned with fire . her eyes saw all that her innards were treated to as she felt , and for the hours before the spell was undone . her eyes saw what horrific things were done to her and how her organs were placed . she saw everything being done to her even though she could nt feel it or stop it . the worst part being that the fastest way to undo a stasis spell , was to cast a healing spell , and so drake had cast a healing spell , on her brain keeping it alive for fifteen seconds as she suffered . newline newline so that when she died , within the cube made of enchanted and treated glass , it s thickness adorned with silver and gold , her soul , her magic , became a horrific poltergeist . one trapped and transmuted by michael into a simple box he now carried with him , waiting for him to use it . newline newline drake would on occasion eye the box and wonder if that was his fate . poltergeists were nearly impossible to trap , much less destroy . the more horrific the way the victim died , the more powerful the poltergeist . poltergeists had been harnessed by dark witches for millenia in all manner of spell . and nearly every witch that tried , was often consumed by the poltergeist , leaving the poltergeist to kill till its total pain and suffering was expelled . newline newline  we better get going . more witches to kill . more fun to be had .  michael said as gingerly tossed the box in the air and caught it . drake had yet to see a poltergeist firsthand , and now seeing what michael was capable of , he feared what the muggle could do with such a dangerous object . newline newline michael merely sang as they walked to his limo .  do nt worry be happy . claire , newline newline i know this is the coward s way out , but the time that we agreed upon is at a close . i m pretty sure that i m not attracted to you even as nice and caring as you were for this time . there was no spark between us , and i know at the bottom of it we were both a relationship of convenience . newline newline i have seen the way your parents smiled when i was over for dinner , and felt like you were touting me as an object of the standard highschool repertoire experience that has eluded both of us . i imagine you felt likewise as my mom poked fun at you last thursday during our study session . newline newline your initial suggestion of having a testdrive  relationship was a good one , and i do not fault you for suggesting it , nor do i fault you for keeping it going as long as it has . this is valuable relationship experience for both of us , and i feel as if my life has been enriched by the experience . but i simply feel that nothing more can be gained from staying in a static relationship . newline newline i d very much like to remain friends , but i can not take the constant ragging from my friends about more crass happenings and the rumors which would do ill to your reputation . i am not a popular man , i am not good for your social standing , and most importantly i know you like richard . you deserve someone you like , not someone you thought would be a training wheels relationship . so go ! explore the social ladder , find something that truly interests you . no need to shackle yourself to something that is already crumbling at the seams . newline newline i ll still be here collecting data , from a safe distance . if you ever need a quick analysis , i ll still be here for assistance . newline newline until next chemistry lab , newline newline prestonthey never could have stopped me . newline newline while the politicians and companies argued and the addicts went mad over it , i was calculating the possibilities . newline the drug did nt have a name , not officially , but went by a thousand names on the streets . i did nt care what they called it . an entire lifetime , burned into a short span of frenzied neural activity , and then you came out the other end . that was the trick . they never realized the potential , not until it was too late . newline the arrangements were simple enough , for me . the system to supply a constant dose of the drug and to keep me alive while i was under was child s play . after it was set in place , it took nothing more than a few hired thugs to supply the substance itself . newline newline i always was a lucid dreamer , from my first childhood memories . newline newline it took them more than a week to trace the crime back to me and come knocking . newline newline they pulled me out as soon as they found me , but they could nt decide what to do with me afterwards . the cell was helpful , it was simple enough to ground me in reality again . after i got my wits back about me , it began in earnest . newline newline the doctors still debate how many years i burned off of my life during those days , catatonic in the bed , every neuron in my brain firing at its utmost capacity . i do nt rightly care . there are prices to be paid for such power , for living countless lives . for the full potential of the human mind . newline newline they still linger under the sad delusion that they are the ones hunting me , months later , but they will be corrected soon . i have seen the future , made of my million dreams . newline newline it is beautiful . newline newline it has only just begun .boys and girls , you know how sometimes your ipad freezes and dad s truck wo nt start ? how your friend s mom complains about her drier and your teacher at school growls when she uses her email ? newline newline they seem like random happenstance , but they are not . these malfunctions are caused by an ancient invisible species known as the gremlin . they have caused things to go wrong since the beginning of recorded history . they feed on strong negative emotions of human beings , so they break our mechanical devices when we are nt looking . newline newline many centuries ago , there was a king whose kingdom was known far and wide for the textiles . their beautiful silks and their gorgeous cashmere was sought after far and wide . these wonderful fabrics were created with a machine made by a mage for his king , it was an advanced piece of machinery that produced nonstop . newline newline one day a gremlin entered the castle on the axle of a wooden cart . the wheel of the cart was broken because of the gremlin , and when the wheel was replaced it would be a while before the gremlin could break it again . a wicked smile crossed the gremlin s face as he looked at the machine . newline newline bam ! boom ! the machine grinded to a halt as the gremlin broke an axle . the mage asked the king  shall i repair the damaged axle ?  but the king got furious and told him not to touch it  the rest of the machine still works , do not fix it !  and the mage did not . newline newline many days later the gremlin grew bored and decided to take out another axle . bam boom ! another of the fine looms grinded to a halt . the mage came to the king  i can fix this very quickly sire , both looms can be working again by today  but the king huffed  no , we can not stop production , even for a minute . we will just have to run the two remaining looms at twice the speed  and the mage did so . newline newline the gremlin loved the havoc he was causing , the fast spinning machinery was too much to resist . the gremlin pressed his accursed finger to the axle of both looms and they both broke with an ear shattering snap ! the whole machine stops , and the loom is dead quiet . newline newline the mage comes to the king  the loom has completely broken down ! i can fix it sire but it will take me hours !  the king looks down upon the mage  it s your machine that broke , it s your fault that this kingdom can not create any textiles . you must be punished , to the dungeon !  newline newline the mage sits in the dungeon , the city starts to lose money . after a few days food starts to become scarce as the town traded textile for it s food . the king growls about how the horrible mage has doomed the city and threatens anyone who suggests releasing the mage or comes up with a strategy for repairing the loom . things get more dire as even the king can not find food . newline newline a few weeks later the king has a change of heart , and asks for the mage . the mage , starved and filthy stands before the king  how.. may i serve you my king ?  newline newline  mage , i am a fool . my people are starving and we have nothing to trade . if you can fix the looms , i will set you free and make you my thane and promise that in the future i will hear you out  newline newline the mage nods  i can fix them sire , i will require a shimmerwood log and nails made by the smith in the next town  newline newline the king looks aghast  i spent all the money trying to acquire food for my people , i barely have the money to give you what you need . can we not use oak from the nearby wood and nails made by my personal blacksmith ?  newline newline the mage shakes his head solemnly  shimmerwood is the only wood that can take the pressure , and only the smith a town over knows how to make nails that will hold .  newline newline the king sighs  i will get you the materials you require , you may rest until they arrive .  newline newline a few days later , the loom is running at full speed . textiles that are being made are as sought after as ever . the mage shuts down the loom and checks it every night for signs of gremlins . he tough his sons and their sons after them . newline newline so when gremilns break your favorite thing , stay calm and maybe you can fix it . some things can keep gremlins away , we call it  maintenance  which mean  main tenants  referring to the mages family who stayed near the loom to look after it s care . newline newline but the main thing is to hold in your anger and listen to those who are trying to help you . their are many  mages  in this world who spend their lives learning how to fix things . they can help you after the gremlins attack , treat them with care . their advice can prevent you from losing money , and respect .uphantomsurfr stared at ujustmemygosh . newline he braced himself against the wall , his back not even arching slightly . newline gulp  ... hey  his eyes shifted in all directions , scanning the the streets , as if something was about to happen . newline newline ujustmemygosh stood there , a blank look on his face , his mind trying to grasp what is happening .  um , hey , how are you ?  newline newline  yeah good , so are you , i know  ujustmemygosh was cut off abruptly , yes , he was doing good , but how did he know , he went to question uphantomsurfr ,  how ... .  newline  look , would you shut up , they are nearly here , take this  , he said , shoving a gun into ujustmemygosh s hands . newline newline he stood there puzzled , the gun limp in his hands ,  what the f..  newline newline gunshots bellowed out of the darkness , shattering street lamps , extinguishing their already dull light , darkness engulfed the street . newline newline  stand very still , do nt move  uphantomsurfr whispered , then within seconds ujustmemygosh who had only just felt his presence , felt nothing . he stood there , frozen with fear , thoughts racing through his head , trying to comprehend the situation . newline newline a breath of hot air struck the back of his neck , and instantly each hair stood on it s end , paralysed with fear . he tried to swallow the lump in his throat , but it had seized up , and he struggled to even catch a breathe . a claw slid down his shoulder blade . with his eyes fluttering , a sense of dizziness overpowered him and he lost consciousness . newline newline ujustmemygosh started to wake up , his eyes closed , memory of what had happened before he had fainted was still vividly clear in his mind . newline but his ears registered chatter , and curiously he etched an eye slightly open , revealing a group of people surrounding him , with uphantomsurfr standing over him with his hand stretched out . newline newline both eyes now open , the crowd started roaring with laughter , some falling to the ground in hysterics . uphantomsurfr had a huge grin plastered to his face . newline newline  fuck mate , you even managed to shit yourself , come on , let s get you cleaned up and get some pizza  . newline newline edit : spelling , and sorry if you ai nt a guy , but you are one in my story . also .compact displays weirdly ... ..some people say metal makes you better . some people are stupid . newline newline wan na know why ? it s easy , really . listen close , chummer , you might actually learn a few things . newline newline see , metal does make you better on the basic level . you wan na punch out mall cops ? fine , get a cyber arm . you wan na play peeping tom with girls from your school ? fine , get an eye implant . but you wan na break into yakuzabacked megacorp and live to tell the tale ? the only weapon you need is yourself . newline newline here s a question you should ask . who makes those implants ? cyberware , wetware , all that nanomesh crap ? answer  same big players you re trying to rob . i know what you re gon na say .  but doc insertstupidstreetname cleaned it !  . sure did . except for the core functions . the devil is in the details . example ? aliexpra shoulder aug . better than the real thing . cept it s designed to make a specific ultrasound squeak every 29 seconds . ca nt hack the basics . try using that on the run . they ll track you in oh , 5 minutes , give or take . another one . skolksams fisheye . inner crystaline layer dissolves when exposed to citrus acid . nasty sight . newline newline what does it tell you ? ca nt trust anyone or anything other than your own meat n bone . sure , i ca nt run up walls , or see through them , but i also can sleep sound , knowing no remote detonation will cook my innards . newline newline cmon . buy me another protein shake and i ll tell you how to pick locks without electronics .there are maybe like , five things that set humans apart from the rest of the galaxy . six if you count the fact that their bodies are symmetrical on the outside but not on the inside , and seven if you count that weird  right or left handed  thing . newline newline anyway , the most important thing is that they re really distractable . some species devote their entire existence to a single goal . generation after generation , century after century , they band together in blind pursuit of a grander purpose . garblax9 was really into war and conquest , and as a result , they ve either colonized or vaporized every other planet in a fifteen lightyear radius . yukron6 was all about artistic achievement , so the planet was covered in libraries and museums devoted to showcasing the greatest works they could create . lasgon was a hedonistic planet , that basically functioned as one prolonged multicentury orgy until the garblaxians blew it up . newline newline meanwhile , on earth , they decided they wanted to go to space . it was their new number one priority . the  space race  made the papers literally every single day , so you d probably imagine they were dumping everything they had into the project , right ? newline newline wrong . they spent like , four and a half percent of their budget on it . also , they subdivide their planet into little smaller blocks , so it was nt even the whole planet . it was four and a half percent of what three percent of the planet could produce . and here s the crazy thing : they fucking did it . newline newline no , seriously , they made it off the planet . not far  they ve got a moon a couple hundred thousand miles out , so it was nt a huge distance , but still ! they did it with no funding , no time , and no manpower . so you d think they d go crazy . this would be the most amazing thing to ever happen in the history of their civilization , and now that they know it s possible , they re going to devote themselves to it 100  percent and explore the whole galaxy , right ? newline newline again , wrong . they went back to the moon a couple times , then they got bored and moved on to something else . some of them tried to cure diseases , and some of them were artists , and some of those smaller blocks spent a bunch of time fighting each other , and i think a few of them kept working on the space thing . it was all super disorganized . newline newline i m from a planet that catalogs knowledge . that s our thing . we keep tabs on everything we can and try to record it all . so we d seen the humans go to space almost fifty years ago , but we had nt seen them since . we figured something must be wrong . maybe they were a dead civilization or something . so we piled into a ship and headed out there . newline newline it s a long trip  a little over five lightyears total . by the time we get there , the ship s barely holding together , we re almost out of rations , and our pilot s sick or something , so we re basically flying the ship with one hand and turning pages in the training manual with the other . we halfland , halfcrash in a field on the outskirts of some big settlement , expecting to find some precarious ruins still standing as a monument to the hubris of a dead world . newline newline turns out they re all fine . alive and well . they just got bored of space . they ve got computers so small they can fit in your hand ! and they can prick you with these needles that stop you from getting sick ! there s a little box that can cook food in under a minute , and almost everyone has one ! newline newline we cataloged everything we could , borrowed a couple of the tiny computers and the little cooking boxes , stocked up our rations , and headed home to share the news . newline newline then earth got blown up by garblax9 . go figure .i never asked for this job . newline newline during my time as one of the living i was a courier . it was nt a great job , but it was easy . one day i was changing the station on my radio , and i did nt notice the car in front of me had stopped . i do nt really remember dying but i assume the crash did it . people who come back supposedly from the brink of death  do nt tell you that there s noone here to take you in . you kind of just.. show up . newline newline i did nt know it was hell when i opened my dead eyes . it was a lot more bland . no lake of fire or burning pillars , just a stark concrete floor with metal doors . it s more like a openplan prison than anything else . real stark greys and bright fluorescent lighting . newline newline there was a line to get in , and nothing else for me to do so i just queued like the rest of them . it could have been an hour wait , or a year , i ca nt really tell time any more , everything seems to just trudge along with no day and night cycle . when i did get to the front gate i was pulled out of the line and sent down a smaller door , i thought  yep , this is it.. here comes the torture and pain  , but i was wrong . a demon with a name i ca nt pronounce said i was randomly selected under the fair employment in hell act of 1299 to work as a water salesman . newline newline it did nt make any sense , i had died and gone to hell , only to be given a job . they even housed me in a middleclass neighbourhood apartment block near my sell zone on the east side . it was nt a great job , but it was easy . so it suited me well . i d walk to my stand , sell water to the dead who wanted it , then go home when i was done for the day . those who buy the water from me are pathetic really , you do nt need to eat or drink now we re no longer living . the fools will grasp on to anything resembling the world they departed , trying to use these glimmers of normality as anchors for their sanity . they do nt even live in an apartment like i do . they just wander around , telling others what they do for work , when we all know that there are no jobs in hell . well , except my job . did i tell you what i did ? i sell water to these idiots who think they re going crazy living in hell . just because there s no sense of time here , and everything just trudges along without day or night . newline newline they gave me an apartment with this job . it s just a walk away from here . on the west side.. or was it the east ? i have nt been home in a while , i lost my key i think . it s okay i ll get a new one after i ve finished work for the day . i ve still got a lot of water to sell before i m done . these fools.. they think they re losing a grip on their sanity . newline newline sometimes i miss being a courier , it seems that it s all i remember from my time alive . i d transport those large water cooler jugs to offices . the idiots would keep buying water and calling me crazy till i went home to my apartment . newline newline i d sell you some water but i must have ran out.. i think there s some left in my apartment.. it s on the north side .newline stan lay under a roof of countless stars , wrapped in the crackling sound of a low burning campfire with a caressing breeze for a pillow . he stared into the starlit desert that enveloped his little campsite . newline newline wait , what ?  newline newline the fire cracked and spouted a thick gray smoke . stan s head felt heavy and his eyes watered . he looked down and saw blood on his shirt . newline newline  you ll live .  said a low , hoarse voice . a man with long messy hair and wearing a dark cloak sat across from stan by the campfire . newline newline  falgar ?  asked stan . it s been years . fifteen years to be precise . he has only seen falgar twice before , but he knew him like an old friend . falgar was everything stan wanted to be , in a different world . he was a wily ranger , fighting against orcs and goblins , facing terrible odds but always surviving . rangers are nt lonely , no , they band together . newline newline stan only met falgar before once when he did nt sleep for an entire week in his teens , and once more when he was on a lot of medication in his early twenties . what happened now ? newline newline  it s been a while , stan . how are you ?  newline newline  i m not sure .  newline newline falgar reached into a leather satchel by his side , fished out a water skin and offered it to stan , who uncorked it and took a swig . it was wine , strong and earthy . newline newline  what about you ? tell me a few stories .  said stan , looking between the old ranger and the crackling fire . newline newline stan needed some uplifting tales of heroics . his favorite of falgar s stories was what he called the  ruins of the city of stars  , where the young ranger fought valiantly to halt the advance of the enemy , but to no avail . the entire garrison was whittled to just two dozen soldiers and the city burned . at the last moment the cavalry arrived and swept the enemy back . newline newline  well ,  said falgar , scratching his beard ,  for the past five years we ve been trying to hold the enemy back . the rangers sabotage the supply lines and ambush patrols , while the garrison jerks off in their forts .  newline newline  we ve lost marigold , oldowan , ronald , diran , marsh ,  counted falgar in a hoarse voice ,  and only last week both drasus and caraco .  newline newline falgar sighed and ran a gloved hand through his hair . there was a blank look in his eyes . newline newline  i need your help , stan .  newline newline stan furrowed his brow at the old ranger . that s not how this worked , at all . falgar existed to help stan , not the other way around . adrenaline punched his stomach . something about this scared him . newline newline  end this . sever your ties to this world . i do nt know what trouble you face in yours , but you need to end this .  newline newline falgar sat up to better look at stan .  i m old , stan , and this world is nt getting any better . please .  newline newline  no .  said stan ,  no , i i cant this place is my home .  newline newline  stan .  falgar s voice rose . it was nt a request anymore . newline newline the old ranger stood up . the flames illuminated his ragged form , revealing battered leather armor and a single ornatehilted sword at his belt . falgar stood still , his left hand coming to rest at the hilt of his sword . newline newline stan scrambled to his feet . he winced and , looking down , saw blood dripping down his blue jeans . he took half a step back from the old ranger , saying ,  what are you going to do ?  newline newline falgar stood without moving .  if you do not end this , i will .  he croaked . newline newline with a metallic hiss , he drew his sword from its scabbard and held it point down towards the sand . nobody moved for a long moment . stan could see the flames reflecting in the fine steel . he knew that sword , and the story behind it . he loved every page of falgar s story . how was this even happening ?  newline newline  do nt do this , falgar .  newline newline the ranger gripped the sword with both hands . he kept his eyes on stan . the campfire crackled and smoke swirled between the two men . in an instant , falgar s sword turned and the man moved forward . stan flinched , adrenaline punching him in the gut once more . newline newline but falgar did not advance . instead , he hunched , and then fell over in a heap with the sword s blade sticking out through his back . newline newline  no ! no !  shouted stan . he ran to the old ranger s side and stumbled , falling to his side . stan turned the cloaked man over . there was blood everywhere and falgar s eyes stared into empty space blankly . newline newline stan s head became heavier and heavier . his vision blurred and then darkened . he passed out , out of this dream of his . the rest of the night was dreamless .meanwhile in a secret room with 8 mysterious men seated around a table : newline newline man 1 : gentlemen , it seems we have extraterrestrial life forms in our midst . newline newline man 2 : well well , i smell an opportunity . while we have profited from selling weapons to the us military , isis , the saudis and other groups we can give the aliens our  welcome  and hopefully learn about their technology and weaponize it . newline newline man 3 : is nt that absurd your suggesting something like star wars . newline newline man 4 : i must say our world is running out of space and resources . if we are to survive we must expand to other planets . newline newline man 5 : well then may i suggest that we need to make up a story that aliens are lying about  coming in peace  and start a  false flag operation  and blame the aliens . newline newline man 3 : i have to agree with you sir . with enough propaganda , we can justify our attacks against aliens . newline newline man 6 : an interstellar empire . brilliant , i must develop the ideology of human supremacy . after all , i find racism , sexism , and other ism getting old . besides we can finally achieve what humanity wanted : equality among humans . but since it s natural for humans to hate , we can have them hate the aliens . newline newline man 7 : ah yes another way to gain cheap labour and profits . with alien slave labour we can have them mine minerals in other worlds . newline newline man 8 : plus , we can have them as agricultural laborers . newline newline man 1 : well gentlemen , today herald a new era . let s all cast away our differences and bring about a new age for humanity . newline newline all : human power !why would xray glasses need a dial ? it s xray or regular ray , right ? newline newline the dial had some words on it . like microwave . why would i need microwave glasses ? my microwave is in the kitchen . i do nt have to try hard to find it . or what about radio ? that s an old thing my dad used to use . i do nt think i ll ever want one of those . or what does infrared even mean ? or ultraviolet ? like purple vision ? newline newline i guess i ll set it to xray , since that s what i wanted . i wanted to see through walls . newline newline  newline newline that was stupid . when i put it on xray , i could nt see anything . i tried the other settings . infrared made me red and the walls blue . if it makes stuff blue , why is it called infrared ? newline newline the radio setting did nt let me hear music too . i did nt see much with it except my dad s phone was really bright and there was tons of stuff in the sky . really weird . newline newline i think the xray thing on this is broken though . i do nt like it . maybe i ll just throw it out . hello , and welcome to the daily show , although tonight it s the end of days show . so , it turns out , for many years , the most zealous have been wrong . god is benevolent . heshe cares not about what you believe , but about how you live your life , and how you treat others . if you spread love , you are rewarded with love . if you spread hate , then you are forced to live out your days spending every second in turmoil and agony , rather than the paradise others have earned . i apologize for the lack of jokes tonight , but jokes come from dissent , and i bear none . good night , and may you learn from your mistakes .  this one is beep  caleb indicated towards the cube looking robot . caleb excitedly guided jane towards a spherical robot and said  this is boop  . newline newline  shapes with wheels  jane teased ,  revolutionary indeed  . newline newline caleb motioned over to a pyramid with wheels  and thats bip  he said triumphantly and placed his hands on his hips . newline newline  say hello to jane everyone  . newline newline green pixelated lights appeared where eyes and a mouth would naturally be on sentient shapes . they all faced caleb and said  greetings master  . newline newline jane giggled and caleb waved his hands  no ... alright beep can you say hello jane ?  . newline newline the cube started spinning slowly and started muttering  help me master  . newline boop turned to the spinning cube and calmly said  stop it beep , just stop  . newline newline the pyramid just looked at jane with an angry expression , pixelated fury . caleb glanced nervously over at jane then refocused ...  reset !  he shouted and clapped his hands twice . the shapes stopped where they were and the lights faded . newline newline a bead of sweat trickled down calebs face and he said  beep boop bip say hello !  . the lights once again appeared except for beep , who had deactivated facing away . newline newline  hello  said boop and bip in unison , but beeps voice wavered in a robotic voice  master are you dead ?  . newline newline caleb hurried over to the table and faced beep forward , ignoring the angry pyramid focusing its hate on jane .  master you have resurrected !  and soft beeps emitted from the cube . newline newline caleb smiled at his human companion  he does that when he s happy  . newline newline jane was about to say something but her eyes shot to the pyramid as the dialup tone exploded from its voice box , mouth screwed into furious pixel zigzag and wheels carrying it as fast as possible towards her . she shrieked and jumped back as bip clattered to the floor , wheels humming angrily as it lay facedown . newline newline caleb stooped quickly to pick him up and as he did heard from the table above  i will assist master  and the spherical boop retracted its wheels , rolling off the tables other end and onto the floor for some ways . newline newline caleb placed the pyramid back on the table , who immediately refocussed its gaze on jane and uttered in an angry buzz  fight me fleshpocket  . newline newline she took another step back and looked over at caleb who was looking at her nervously ,  ya..  he muttered ,  do nt take this one for granted  . newline newline  registering granite  came boops voice from across the room , and a hexagon scan pattern enveloped a small area around where the robot had rolled . newline newline caleb sighed and moved to retreive the sphere but beep stopped him as he passed ,  master  came a hurried voice . newline newline  what beep ?  . newline newline  come close  . newline newline caleb leaned his ear close to the cubical faces aweshocked expression and it whispered  are we in the matrix master ?  newline newline  what ? no why wou ...  newline newline jane interrupted with a tentative voice  i ... i m going to go caleb , thanks for showing me your toys though  . newline newline  they re not toys they ...  but jane was already walking out the door . newline newline bip trailed her until she was out of view and turned to caleb ,  all is well master , more fish in the seaaaaaaaaa  and bip powered down . newline newline he went to pick up boop who said  the rock is strange here master , aliens perhaps ?  . newline newline caleb ignored him and placed him back between the others , and did nt even look at beep when the cube cried out  bip has died !  . newline newline  boop power off  and the lights faded from the sphere and he picked up the cube last . newline newline  goodnight beep  he said sadly as he patted his favorite robot . newline newline the cube looked at his master with a serious expression  trinity has left master , go get her .  newline newline caleb smiled  beep power off  and the green light flickered off .my nickname had been set in stone since third grade . newline newline when my mother had first heard it , she d sighed and said ,  kids can be cruel .  newline newline the teachers and principal pretended not to notice when someone hissed it before  accidentally  bumping into me . they made absolutely no effort to stop it . newline newline the nickname did nt follow me into high school , but the knowledge that they did nt care did . newline newline it was extremely frustrating to see not only my teachers , but my peers as well , going through life as though they did nt care all that much about it . watching intelligent students waste their potential  watching the teachers letting them . day by day , it wore me down . newline newline what made her different was that she cared . she showed up in the middle of sophomore year , with a backpack covered in pins of organizations she supported and lively eyes . she acted on her beliefs  i could hardly spend time with her , as she was always busy volunteering . i only got to really know her when she started volunteering at the animal s shelter next to my house . newline newline she was impatient and preachy , but it did nt detract from her kindness and her genuine faith that the world was a fair place . she was a terrible cook and an avid reader . she loved broadway musicals and knew the lyrics to her favourites by heart . her birthday was in early october , two weeks after mine . more importantly  to my shallow teenage self  , she was a lesbian . newline newline i remember my heart beating fast . i made a casual comment , assuring her that i did nt mind . newline newline before she d moved into my small town , i had never met another lesbian . i had felt lonely and scared . though i did nt tell her , the option that i could and the knowledge that the girl i had a crush on could like me back made me feel securer than words can describe . newline newline when she confessed her crush on the most popular girl in school , my heart turned to ice . i looked at her with disgust . i hated the confusion and hurt in her eyes . i hated her . newline newline i abandoned her when she needed me the most . though i heard of some of the things that had been said or done to her after she came out , i did nt intervene . when i noticed that she started wearing longsleeved shirts in 80 degrees weather , i did nt comment . when i heard her cry in a bathroom stall , i did nothing to comfort her . newline newline my cracking point , however , was driving past the old bridge and seeing her body dangling on the edge . newline newline i slammed the brakes and screamed her name as i frantically got out of the car . i tried to apologize , tried to make up for months  worth of silence in few precious seconds . i tried to tell her that i loved her , but she has already let go of the rail . newline newline i envy their carelessness and i hate the dead look in their eyes . i hate myself for letting it happen , for getting caught up in jealousy and fear . but most of all , i miss her . newline newline prompt  he s eating ice cream sandwiches on a chilly christmas eve , wondering how his life turned into this mess . zelfris ! the rendblade , now !  chand panted , agony written in blood across his ruined features .  kelnick is almost at the precipice !  newline newline zelfris wrenched his arm from the umlit s gaping maw , wiring catching against every serrated tooth . the nanos coagulated into flesh , flesh needed to close the precious few inches between the blade and utter failure . he could nt fail . not again . not after seras . vicuous fluid oozed from his ports as he put the last of his energy into reforming and unforming flesh , willing muscles to clench and relax , praying for the first time since he d gotten turned into a monster that there still was a god . newline newline he hurled the blade at chand , the blueplasma arcs of latent energy resonating with the crystalscars , pulsing with light that tingled in the air and made zelfris remember , for the first time since childhood , the ghost of hairs raising on the back of his neck . newline mrs. nanford bakes the best cherry pie in a month s ride in any direction ! the hard part is getting a taste . old biddy s tight lipped about the recipe and only makes it for her children , and they do nt visit much . i tell you though , one taste of that pie and you ll be happy to wait .  the old man smiled , eyes drifting to the memories only he could see . newline newline bellur looked at the old man in frustration ,  i m sure nanford pies are the best , but i asked about the desert . the monument there .  newline newline  eh ? oh , yes , the desert .  the old man nodded ,  bigger than it looks and it looks plenty big . there s some that say it does nt end , but that s all hogwash . the other side is real enough , and there s people there like there s people here !  newline newline  but the tower man , the tower ! the folk in the town a day s ride east of here said you ve lived here as long as any of them remember . surely you know something of it .  bel s frustration was obvious , and his voice was growing louder . newline newline the old man harrumphed ,  of course i know about it boy , but you ve got no sense of patience . i do nt get many visitors and you sit there trying to rush to dessert without tasting the appetizer , and ignoring the meal itself ! now , would you like some tea ?  newline newline bel leaned back and sighed quietly ,  sure , i ll try your tea .  newline newline rising , the old man went to make the tea , puttering here and there in quiet for a few minutes . he was setting cups on a platter when he spoke again ,  so , boy , why do you want to know about that tower ?  newline newline  there are many wild tales about it , some say death lurks within , some say only beauty waits . i want to know .  newline newline  heh , who says both those things are nt right ?  he returned and set the tray down , gesturing bel to small bowl between the cups ,  sugar if you want it . i did nt ask you for half the truth , boy , so do nt give me half . your whole reason for wanting to know about the dark tower .  newline newline bel was quiet for a while , sipping his tea . he added some sugar while he thought .  there is a man i hate that works against me , and a woman i loved lies dead for it . i can not move against him by my own hand and none will join their arms to mine .  newline newline  tragedy . we all taste it , though some more than others . so , what has your tale to do with the tower ?  newline newline  i asked many people and consulted every book i could find . the only thing they all agreed on about that thing was that great power lay within . i want to use that power to set things right .  newline newline  if you go , bring as much water and food as you like , but it wo nt matter , you can not reach the tower until you lay on death s door . gaining entry to the tower is harder than the journey to it , and none can aid you there .  here the old man was quiet again , and turned to look out an open window at the golden desert .  if you make it in you will find only what you ve brought with you . there is power there , true enough , and it will break you . but ... it may also grant your wish .  newline newline bel smiled ,  i will overcome the trials .  newline newline the old man turned back to him ,  they are not there to be overcome , boy . if you make it to the end and your wish is granted you will curse the tower and yourself . you bring darkness with you , and that is all that you will find .  newline newline no more words passed between the two . when he finished the tea , bel stood , nodded to the old man , and left the hut . he mounted his horse and rode into the desert . the old man walked to the window and watched him until he could not be seen .three whistles interrupted indigo s already restless nap . the hammock swung forward , almost dumping him . he ignored the sounds of fellow sailors staggering upright , the clamorous shouts from above deck , and the way his stomach dragged at him as the ship suddenly slowed . newline newline three whistles . a huggin . indigo almost wished it was an actual kraken . newline newline boatswain kipper stuck his ruby face below deck just long enough to bellow ,  tash , gim , bubbles , ratlines . john , rawls , indy , you re diving .  newline newline indigo swore a little and tumble out of his hammock , grabbing two sets of throwing knives and two halfhand swords . he strapped them on his arms and across his back before climbing to the deck . his goggles were a permanent necklace . newline newline the ship had almost stalled in the water by this time . dozens of slick armthick tentacles crisscrossed the deck , parts of the railings crushed by sheer numbers . newline newline  ey , gim ,  mollys yelled ,  i did nt know yeh invited ya girl along .  newline newline  aye . knew you d needed a hand . what with always bein  in yeh hammock ,  gim returned , miming the action . newline newline this huggins was shades of sunburst , pale orange on some limbs , deep crimson on others . indigo carefully zigzagged over the mess of limbs to the edge of the ship . newline newline  indy ! take cretin ,  kipper yelled , pushing a wideeyed sailor a step toward indigo . newline newline indigo jerked his head toward the railing and started a steady stream of swearing . huggins were a lesser , kraken , in that it just hung on to ships . no squeezing , wreaking , breaking , eat . but the limbs were still stronger than a single man and each huggin had more tentacles than any creature should rightly have . newline newline cretin , in his haste , tripped on one , with a squelch . it reared up , whipping cretin s head as it passed before slamming down , setting off a chain . an orange sea roiled across the deck as limbs resettled , cascading toward and then away from the mast as sailors chopped at tentacles reaching for it . newline newline indigo dived into the sea rather than risk getting knocked in or out . he surfaced , dumped the water of out his goggle and dived again . newline newline the huggins was nt particularly large , as far as huggins went . it was roughly a quarter of the ship in length , with billows of skin rippling in the current . tentacles not on the ship were furling and unfurling , grasping at the pull . newline newline indigo swam closer , hoping this was an easy one . some had a brain . others were more jellyfish . brains meant a clean kill , but a fight . no brain meant hacking off limbs until it died or let go . newline newline indigo had stopped wishing for one or another . both made his gut rot with guilt for days . newline newline rawls was barely visible on the other side of the ship , a tether waving behind him . his arms wheeled in large circles . brain . patted his head . stern . maybe they could kill it without it seeing them . newline newline indigo kicked back , aiming for air . a school of line trout was weaving toward them . their pancaked bodies were blown around by the currents , breaking the school apart before it reformed only to tumble apart again . if they could get the school close enough to the huggins , it might let go of the ship to grab on the fish . newline newline indigo waved his arms to rawls , motioning to the fish . rawls started climbing his rope up . once the huggins let go , the ship would leap forward . newline newline tbc if anyone wants . i need to leave the library . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinebaffled , bowled over , mystified , confounded . there are not enough words in the english language to describe how i felt when i saw the video of a gleaming spaceship float lazily , like a ballon in the sky , and then slingshot at impossible speeds up , up , and away . president simmons explained to me the situation . an alien envoy had come to earth looking for a fugitive that escaped their highest security prison . they had tracked him to earth . i was being assigned to the case on account of my sterling reputation as a us marshall .  timothy  houdini  calhoun your mission is to find the fugitive before the galactic council . this is our coming out party . make us proud .  newline  will do .  how the hell were you made .  someone in the crowd asked , i expected to be charged with some crime my father did , but nope . newline newline  i assume he had sex  it was the first think i responded , not even thinking what i was saying just shocked . the other campers just looked at me and i swore i heard someone say i like this kid . newline newline  assume , did he do asexual reproduction like a mushroom ?  a kid joked around in the back , everything was different then how i thought it would be . i expected to be attacked and isolated , just like how i was normally . instead i was greeted with slightly warm arms and a group of questioning teenagers . chrion had talked me through earlier and said i would be welcomed even if it did have take time , but i assumed he was lying . newline newline  yeah , he jacked off and i magically came out .  i joked around smiling , while looking at the crowd that circled around me . newline newline  that would make you a god , smartass .  one of the kids said ahead of me . newline newline  well i am just happy this guy is nt an asshole , or a depressed little sap who thinks we re going to judge him because of his dad .  another kid said , i actually was scared but by now my fears were gone . newline newline i was over joyed , it took so long to finally fit in , i felt like i was at home . all it took was being mass murder s kid . newlinehow long had it been ? three weeks ? things got weird fast and then time got weird faster . when the conflict first broke out people thought it was an alien invasion . who would nt ? the skies light up in bright white lightning and streaks of green fire splashed onto the earth . nations scrambled military assets and average citizens hid and waited for first responders to save them . then the earthquakes hit . the planet opened in terrible fractures and from beneath came ... things . newline newline smoke filled the valleys and storms swept the fields . then the shooting . so much shooting . i m not sure how i survived , to be honest , but i m going to assume it had something to do with the five kids with ak47 s up the street of my shack . the radio had been broadcasting under emergency frequencies , those scary tones that stop all conversations and cant heads to the side . i had heard of hyenas snagging children or pets at the edge of the village , so i knew what the growl of a beast could mean . but this sound was nt a beast . a beast is something that hunts to survive . this was the sound of a creature that lived to end life . i d barely had time to dive under my little cot when my walls exploded and the gray skinned monster piled into my world . newline newline the local warlords had been on a ceasefire , the un and their blue helmets had seen that an uneasy truce would be maintained . but now ... something new was consuming both factions and for a fleeting moment the villages were aligned and united against some other . i watched in stupid awe as the beast reeled back to plunge long talons into my body , paralyzed with fear , its yellow eyes gleaming with pleasure at the coming kill . then the staccato of a kalashnikov , and then another , and then more . the lads were charging through the hole behind the monster and laying mans ancient art of violence into its back . as if shocked by its coming demise the demon yelped and tumbled forward in a heap , it s hot body collapsing into ember dusted ash . the boys looked to me and i to them , they were from both factions of the civil war , and they were all smiling at each other and to me . newline newline  come , come , there s more . you ll get yours too !  and they tossed me a spare rifle . newline newline and there were more . from the skies and from the ground . and when more blue helmets arrived the skies receded into the tranquil blue . and when the fire pillars of light dotted the horizon , the earth stopped trembling . we had been told the end would come , but no one told the end it would need reinforcements . newline newline it s strange to say , but god help us if they ever unite as we did .jack , newline newline after much deliberation , i write to inform you that i will be leaving your employment on friday the 26th , two weeks from now . it has been an exquisite opportunity to work for an asshole such as yourself . never had i imagined that i would hate my job with every fiber of my being . that i will no longer experience your degrading , snarky comments every morning is deeply saddening . i will miss constantly having to brew more coffee after you take the last cup and forget to refill it . newline newline however , not everything is taking a turn for the worse . i m happy to announce that under my new leadership , the company will initiate great strides in creating a happier , more efficient workplace . your office will be relocated to the 2nd floor . talk to ms. marsine for details . i look forward to seeing you at work again in a few weeks , as i will be taking advantage of all the sick days i have accrued over the past years . two weeks worth , to be exact . newline newline will have you ever seen the mating habits of the earthbound human ?   asked the young man . newline newline  are you seriously asking me to a porno flick for our first date ?  the desired female of his pack responded cooly . newline newline at this point , the male s palms begin to perspire , perhaps in anticipation of another lonely night with only himself for company .  no , no , it s not like that !  newline newline  so ... not a date , then ?  human females have a reputation , deserved or not , for being uncommonly and deliberately obtuse towards the advances of their reproductive counterparts . despite appearances , this is another aspect of the complex mating rituals of these peculiar great apes , a test of resolve for the male . newline newline the young male , in turn , flounders . he scratches a nonexistant itch on the back of his head .  it s this comedy , it s got the gay brother from that cheers  spinoff .  newline newline a peculiar choice , raising homosexuality in his attempt to achieve heterosexual copulation . let s see how it plays out for our subject . newline newline he stammers .  it s , er , it s a comedy . this alien is watching a couple dating , it s pretty funny .  newline newline the female smiles . however , her response seems calculated and , again , akin to a precursor to denial .  so , voyeurism , then ?  she glances over her shoulder . newline newline  do nt worry about them , charles , they ca nt see us behind the cloaking device ! keep the video feed rolling !  newline newline from across the room , a group of females giggle into their hands . the young male sees his wouldbe paramour s companions  reaction . his face flushes with blood , a sign in this species of exceptional blood flow and great potential for genital strength and power . newline newline the adult male upon the stage around which the youths are gathered presses keys on his primitive computational musical instrument . the lights in the small room change in color , and the music being played shifts in tempo and rhythm . newline newline our young female subject stands more erect , and although it can not be observed from this distance or in this setting , the pupils of her eyes will be dialating in response to the excitement stirred by the sounds . she smiles again , extending a hand to the male .  how about we start with a dance ?  newline newline the male swallows a prominent amount of saliva . despite this , his voice is hoarse as he responds .  yeah , sure . let s do this !  newline newline first contact has successfully been made ! from here , they proceed to one of several of their species  mating dances , which both male and female perform for the evaluation of their partner and potential mate . it is a form of job interview for the potential of copulation later to come . newline newline thus , we conclude our ongoing study of the complex reproduction habits of these strange creatures . one would imagine that , with their large brains and alleged ability to reason , they would have created a much more simple and reliable process of continuing the species , but theirs is one of many absurd species on the watery planet known as sol3.1 . from here , we shall proceed for a moment , to the seahorse , a creature completely distinct from the land equids covered in our previous special ,  interspecies romantic endeavours : the brony  subspecies .  newline newline  apologies for the little jab at the end , it went off the rails and i do mean no harm  just trying to augment the general air of  not quite getting it .   : pthat was the first time i saw a snorlax up close and personal . it was wheezing away , paws on its throat while it s trainer was bawling his eyes out . this was in a makeshift arena , with a trainer trying to instruct her pidgeotto to give air to the ailing snorlax . i had been brief on the situation , but nothing quite prepares you for the scale . newline newline  onix , use constrict and wait for my mark !  a flash of light , and onix the stone serpent emerged from his pokeball , and wrapped himself around the wheezing behemoth . newline newline  now , miss . if you could use your pidgeotto to tackle or gust the snorlax s throat to try and dislodge the obstruction ?  and then , on the count of these , the pidgeotto tackled the snorlax s throat while the onix compressed the torso . the snorlax s mighty roar was drowned out by a high pitched whining , by the obstruction having been flung out of the snorlax and heading straight into a newly gathered crowd . newline newline the whining continued until the girl trainer , having recalled her pidgeotto , made her way to the screaming object , a red and white orb , eyes gigantic , having seen something truly terrifying within snorlax s trachea . wrapped within it s owner s arms , the voltorb went from a whine to a far more manageable buzz , the crowd clapping and cheering at the reunited friends and the aversion of the crisis . newline newline i recalled the onix , making my way to the still bawling trainer . the snorlax naturally fell back asleep within moments of breathing again , and once the trainer settled down , i left him with a doubleslap tm , a lemonade for his trouble , and a promise to never teach bite to a pokmon bigger than his house again .she gazed into the box listening to the slight hum with anticipation .  surely it has been too long  , she thought . she visualized the unfavorable outcome of charred tiny bodies .  no , not this time . this time they ll be perfect .  grinning , she watched and as she thought to turn away ... boom ! it had begun . their small screams received her undivided attention . faster and faster they sounded . the pressurized steam imploding their bodies . then , just as quickly as it began , their outcry diminished . clapping the tips of her fingers gleefully , she heard the high pitched tone signaling it was over . beep beep beep . popcorn s done .i was half way down the main stairs when i heard the front door creak . someone s here ! newline newline i immediately dart up the stairs , silent as a cat . my mind quickly races through the possible exit routes from second floor : the master bedroom and hallway both have windows leading to the backyard , where i can climb out and slip away into the wood unnoticed , landing on the playground slide to muffle my landing . that will serve . newline newline flashlights are risky at the moment , so i hide several feet left of the second floor balcony and wait for the lights to come on . moments pass , but the house remains dark , and silent . odd . my heart rate slows down a bit . surely anyone s first reaction after finding an unlocked house is to switch on the lights or call the police ? newline newline then , i saw the flashlight survey through the house , and slow , heavy footsteps . it s not a passerby , that s for sure . could it be the cops ? no , there s no radio chatter , and i only hear the sound of one set of footsteps . cops always come in pairs . newline newline and then it dawned on me . another robber . or wannabe robber , makes no difference . they saw an easy target and thought to go for it , entering through the front door and making so much noise like the amateur they are . i dart a quick look as the flashlight points to the opposite end of the balcony , and sure enough , it s a dark figure hunched over , trying to sneak through the house for some valuables . newline newline very well , i have just the plan for you , dear friend . in the master s bedroom , i replace several jewelry where i found them , climb out the windows , shut it tightly , and leaped onto the ladders on the playground slide . my entire body screamed in protest as i broke the fall , but the landing was silent except for a light metallic clang . erring on the side of caution for my plans , i spend the next 3 minutes in the shadows by the side of the house , still as a statue . hearing the sounds inside the house fade towards the basement , i dust away any possible prints on the slide and shrink into the woods , careful not to leave any footprints . newline newline as i hop over a small fence to once again enter civilization , i take off my gloves and pop a disposable sim card into my crappy phone . newline newline  hello ? 911 ? yes i d like to report a robbery ... i am the villain of this show . newline newline  emperor caardinal looks into the small sparse home of stargirl , his nemesis and he sighs as he sees her tirelessly working , as her siblings play in the corner .  newline newline for the hero to live on . newline newline  emperor cardinal look at his screen , the bugs of the league of villains showing stargirl receiving a large sum of cash with a huge smile  newline newline i condemn myself to damnation if it means that her world will not shatter . newline newline  emperor cardinal peeks from the door s window as stargirl holds the hand of her mother , sickly on a hospital bed with tears on her face .  newline newline i am no hero , not with what i have done . newline newline  as emperor cardinal runs , he desperately tries to block out the screams of his victims accompanied the alarms of the bank blaring loudly and swears at himself for not finding another way .  newline newline all in the name of love . newline newline  as fist impacts emperor cardinal s face . sending him flying as the people cheer .  newline newline she is my goddess . newline newline  stargirl stands over emperor cardinal , a harsh frown on her face as she looks down at him , the light behind her giving her an otherworldly glow .  newline newline and i will gladly sacrifice all i am for her smile . newline newline  emperor cardinal desperately carries unconscious stargirl through the burning building ignoring his burns as he uses all of his powers to keep stargirl safe .  newline newline this is the extent of my devotion . newline newline  emperor cardinal manages to throw stargirl into the safety of the pavement before a large piece of burning wreckage pins him down .  newline newline and for her will gladly face my end . newline newline  emperor cardinal hears the cheers of the crowd and their relief at the news of stargirl s safety . he smiles and stays silent as the world grows dark around him .  newline newline  he dies with a smile on his face just before the fire consumes him .  tw : suicide  newline newline in the end , we left earth knowing nothing . mama sat at the window , silently watching as everything we knew and could possibly know drew away from us . what would happen to the trees ? the pets we were nt able to bring along because they would not have been an  effective use of space  ? the friends who departed on different ships ? newline newline newline gia lay sleeping in my lap , her warm , heavy presence the one thing keeping me from asking all these questions aloud . i wondered what her life would be like , to be drinking artificially crafted water and breathing oxygenadjacent air . she still sucked her thumb and she was almost three . i was glad mama was distracted or she would have yanked it out of her mouth . newline newline newline at first , it seemed fun . they made it seem fun . once the un made an official statement that they decided to pool their resources together for a mass space expedition , people took it and , as they often do , ran with it . political pundits debated whether we were explorers or colonizers . celebrities began toting custom louis vuitton brand neoxygen pouches . mac collaborated with engineers to develop mascara that applies smoothly in low gravity settings . it really felt like we were on the brink of something new , something exciting . that was three years before we left . newline newline newline people started asking questions . is it not the fault of large corporations with a disregard for environmental policies that the earth reached that point in the first place ? where are we even headed to ? are we going to be able to set up a wifi network ? at some point , the doubt became too strong to combat with a brightly colored advertisement for a bodycon spacesuit .  there needed to be fundamental changes ,  they said ,  otherwise we would just ruin the next planet .  some pointed out that many of the corporations that ruined the environment had allyships with the people in our government . some people marched in front of the white house , peacefully . loud , but peaceful . they were greeted with military strength counterinsurgency . most of them died or were severely injured . i think that s when everything changed . there was a clear us vs. them line drawn as our fellow citizens lay incapacitated on the white house lawn . the government stopped tolerating the questions . there were no more open press conferences , no more friendly jokes at the podium . that was two years before we left . newline newline newline a year before we left , it was announced with  great sorrow  that each nation would have to have a cap on how many people would be able to leave on the ships . we watched on our tv as gia played on the living room floor . mama screamed in frustration and broke a vase . dad covered his face with his hands . three people per household were permitted to go , and there would be military personnel insuring that that s all who went . dad was distraught . he drank until none of us could understand what he was saying . he walked over to mama and draped himself on her . he seemed to be whispering something to her  she nodded and kissed his cheek , staring straight forward . that night , mama heard the shot from upstairs and simply looked startled for a moment . she went up there after a few hours and locked the door behind her , and said no one is allowed to go in , ever . newline newline newline we brought two suitcases stuffed full of our lives , with gia holding three of her stuffed animals in her little arms . newline newlinei woke it s dark in my room , i feel sweaty . was it the dream again , i do nt know ca nt remember . look at my phone it s 4:25 have work in 3 and a half hours , ugh . well the spaces stations not going to run itself , why could nt i ever achieve my dreams of clerking it at my local pet store . darn it father must be so disappointed he always wanted me to run a register like him and hear i am 2000 miles above earth running tests to see how a baby would develop in a womb in zero gravity . my next test is gon na come a little early ,  will a bullet fire in space  ? click , bang ... .i m sitting at my friends bar in warrego valles . we are going to get called up . it is a bleak day . everything is gray . hell everyday is gray in thaumasia . tomorrow is going to be february 4th 2118 . we all know what is coming and not just the other guys in my battalion but everyone on the planet knows what is going on . newline newline newline newline i guess i should explain from the beginning because this is part of our history that is nt really well written about . back in 2018 , we got a message from proxima centauri . actually the signal really did nt originate much farther from our moon but the spaceship that carried the messengers came from proxima centauri . anyway , according to all the elderly people i knew back when i was growing up , the message broke across all electronic media . we still do nt know how they managed that , but the leading theorists seem to think it was a carefully tuned series of electromagnetic pulses because it even played in computers that were off . at any rate the messengers told us they were going to fight us but that they wanted to have a better chance against them as it seemed we were puny . they gave us a hundred years . they were going to regret that . i was also told by my grandfather before he passed to make them regret interrupting the super bowl . i do nt fully know what that s all about , but i looked up the super bowl in the holoindex and it seemed like a very big deal . at any rate i promised my grandfather i d make sure the interruption did nt go unnoticed . newline newline newline newline immediately , things changed . world leaders were overthrown left and right . chaos reigned supreme . then the overhaul came . a user by the name 420potplants suggested we have a contest of various management and combat simulators to determine who should direct our efforts in the internet site reddit . incidentally the internet was the precursor to the quantum network we have now , albeit much slower . thinking back on it its a miracle what the council accomplished back then with such primitive technology . no teleported , no stasis mines , no quantum networking , only minimal research into neural networks , it s really mind boggling how much they did with what they had . newline newline newline newline anyway , 420potplants called for this contest and the people on reddit ran with it and later that year the contest took place . the holoindex lists that competitors played starcraft , civilization iv and v , risk ! , go , chess , age of empires , freeciv , warhammer , total war shogun 2 , rome : total war , as well as real life eliminations games of axis and allies , diplomacy , magic the gathering , carcassone , and settlers of catan . lastly the finalists also played qbert because 420potplants thought the last one would be funny . newline newline newline a user named urogersimon10 won the multiweek event . which he attributed to his dad beating him with jumper cables if he played poorly . rogersimon10 immediately declared he was appointing a new cabinet which basically consisted of game theorists , game designers , and insurance adjusters to work on military strategy . he also proposed that a council be formed to make decisions involving economic policy and research and development . economic policy was run by a woman named wei li fng . and research and development was addressed by a joint task force from jet propulsion laboratories , and basf . newline newline newline newline roger simon was succeeded by juicy piranah . juicy piranah was influential in that he introduced his so called  forward center approach  which essentially established a research complex into which infants with an estimated 53 trillion or more synapses were placed . juicy piranah called for the students to be carefully educated up to 12 hours a day . when children were 16 and their cells stable enough to support it juicy piranah had them all cloned . within three generations we arrived at the sigma institution . all of the subjects from the forward center approach were then encouraged to pursue sexual encounters with fellow members . the current crop of sigma institution members developed the apex council . newline newline newline newline never before in human history have so many people been led by one man . but bartholemew j . masters , is perhaps the most brilliant mind ever . he graduated sigma instituution , scoring an exit exam score beyond the shubetayloe threshold by a factor of 6.1 . masters devolved our current plan of attack . an attack that is going to begin within the next hour . newline newline newline newline first the stasis mines we sent to jupiter will go off . that should stop most vessels from getting to the asteroid belt . then all military units will enter active cloaking protocols . the few remaining craft will drift at the langevin point earth will be invaded . billions of people will likely die due to the gravitational wave distribution devices we are fairly certain the aliens have . then we will get called to our stations . newline newline newline we will be teleported to earth with our tesla machine drills . we will set them to 7.83hz climb back to our teleport pods and rendezvous at the death star , which is what we nicknamed satellite up3805v. once there we will engage operation ovid . we will fire off the magnetite core transducer as well as the y s wng energy system . newline newline newline newline those stupid proxima centauri c bastards . they have no idea what they re in for . sure their weapons are great . but the overlooked one key thing . people , human people , love to cheat . we re good at it we ve been doing it ever since that first cave man screwed some other poor sob out of a hunk of wooly mammoth meat . and this oversight is really the aliens biggest mistake . there s not going to be a battle . newline newline newline newline we re going to wait till they are on the scene . we ll cripple their ships . a few will get through and invade earth . my unit will teleport down there and activate the tesla machines which will vibrate the earth apart in minutes . just as it starts vibrating we will come back to thaumasia just long enough to say goodbye to mars , the only home i ve known , pack our gear up into the teleportation pods and activate the y s wng energy system . we are going to create a hyper vortex so large it will redirect a portion of gamma rays directly at those bitches . the hyper vortex will dissolve because our estimates are that it wo nt remain stable for longer than 17 seconds . this should be just long enough to vaporize everything from the topsoil up . newline newline newline newline it may be a crazy plan to destroy our home planet wipe out our own solar system and redirect a gamma ray burst so we can colonize their home planet , but doing this minutes before the battle is supposed to take place is at the same time quintessentially human and also assures us that we will find proxima centauri c to be an excellent new earth . newline newline newline and you can bet your sweet ass that once we get back to leisure time instead of figuring out how to fry space slugs that we re going to look into bringing sports back because i ca nt think of anything more fitting than to host the next super bowl right in the middle of space slug central ... i think my grandfather would be proud . newline newline newline newline anyway , that s all i can write for posterity , the alarm just went off . the stasis mines went off . it s time for us to teach these space slugs why you do nt mess with earthlings . newlinei have wandered many a day , many a day , many a day , newline i have wandered many a day , never to stay . newline i ve wandered many a day ! from the dawn to the dying ray newline until i saw you there , standing there , standing there newline until i saw you there , standing there . newline newline i ve got no amount of land , amount of land , amount of land , newline i ve got no amount of land , just my hands . newline i ve got just my two hands , but i pledge to make my stand newline and we ll build us something new , something new , something new newline and we ll build us something new , just us two . newline newline newline i will give you all my love , all my love , all my love , newline i will give you all my love , my fair dove . newline you re fair as any dove , and when push will come to shove , newline the world will see me unafraid , unafraid , unafraid newline the world will see me unafraid , so i bade . newline newlineit was so big and vast , a seagull s cry shakes my from my stupor . newline newline  it s time to go .  i grunt and push for raft , one i painstakingly made filled with food , water , clothes , a bag and a small wooden boat replica . newline newline as the boat splashes into the water , and i climb on to it voices from afar reaches my ears . newline newline  crap .  i murmur and starts moving the boat , as fast as possible . newline newline once the boat moves further into the ocean a voices yells for me , i ca nt make it out but i ignore it . newline newline if i turn i might go back and break my promise . newline newline ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. newline newline after a while i sigh and lie down , looking at the sky . newline newline it was peaceful and beautiful . newline i grunt and sit up , it was time . newline newline grabbing the small wooden boat replica and rummaging through my bag i bring out two felt dolls , one male and one female , look alikes of two connected people . newline newline my eyes tear up as i hug both dolls close to me . newline newline newline i have to fulfill my promise . newline newline putting and properly securing the dolls to the small boat replica i put it on the ocean . newline newline closing my eyes i let a voice of the past , drift to my mind . newline newline  hey  can you make a promise for me ?  newline newline a weak croak , a beep of a monitor newline newline   what is it ?   newline newline hesitation , fear , determination newline newline  promise me , that you and i will visit the sea ?  newline newline hope , unsurety , quietness . newline newline   yes , of course ! you have to get better then , you promise me that too !   newline newline promise , negotiation newline newline  of course .  newline newline a smile , softness newline newline a lie and a promise broken . newline newline ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. newline newline i open my eyes and sigh ,  i have to keep my promise , even if you did nt .  newline putting the boat on the ocean and i push it , watching the boat drift through the ocean i close my eyes and lie down . newline newline  thank you , for keeping your promise .  newline newline i smile as sleep overtakes me . newline sir , there is no better a time to attack sol3 . according to our probes , the local sapient race is currently experiencing an internal conflict .  newline newline admiral lubbud smiled .  those are so extremely rare . how lucky we are to come at this time .  newline newline his assistant understood what he meant .  how many ships will we require ?  newline newline  for such a primitive race , in the middle of chaos ? we ll only require half the first onaresian fleet .  newline newline and so the assistant delivered the order to the communications experts , which then gathered the fleet . then , they all stayed , facing the world they were about to occupy . they were going to strike three locations : an economically developed union , according to the messages these apes were broadcasting into space , a feudal empire in the bigger landmass , and what carbon sensors identified as the main industrial manufacturer of the race . the admiral was pleased : this race should be easy to conquer and their resources should be plentiful . they discovered radio communication , as proven by their noisy use of it , but they should have no way of seeing them . newline newline  lieutenant maryt , issue the command for the ships to land in the designated areas .  the admiral said . newline newline  understood .  newline newline the admiral then turned on the broadcasting system . he picked up the microphone , and spoke to the entire fleet . newline newline  soldiers , that planet over there is sol3 , a beautiful planet full of resources . there is a plague on it , however . that plague calls itself humanity . it believes itself to be the apex race of the galaxy . what is our duty ?  newline newline   prove them wrong !   echoed the soldiers . newline newline  correct . now , prepare for the most bloodless conquest in the history of our great intergalactic empire .  newline newline lubbud looked out of the ship s window , pleased with himself . he saw the three ships approach their required points on the planet , the one which will soon belong to his empire . he saw them approach , and then , he saw three bright orange sparkedsized lights . newline newline he looked at the feed . no contact . newline newline  sir , they ve taken our attacking force out .  newline newline the admiral understood this , clear as day . he promised his soldiers a bloodless victory , and now they all know that he lied . he lied about the bloodless victory , but he can still do one thing : make the victory a reality . newline newline  we underestimated them . we must do a fullforce attack on their miserable civilization .  newline newline and so the full fleet was charging at the planet . they would wipe this planet clean , and let the planet be ripe for settlement . he knew it . he knew that they could have had the firepower for three ships , but they would never have the firepower for one thousand ships , all heading towards their vital points . newline newline they went into orbit . they saw the clouds . then , they penetrated those , and they saw it . human civilization . it was strangely ... beautiful . that beauty wo nt stay in their empire . newline newline  perfect . land in the cities , and deploy troops .  newline newline  sir , incoming projectiles .  newline newline  must be they actually have a guided missile or two . ignore them , they ca nt damage our hull .  newline newline  sir , these missiles are different . they are emitting gamma radiation !  newline newline the missiles were flying towards them . newline newline  shoot them down !  newline newline  unders    newline newline they were hit by an invisible wave of force . all lights on the ship went down . newline newline  sir it was an honor serving with you .  newline newline the admiral did not hear this . he just committed his final sins : he sent half a fleet to its death , and failed all his men . but the worst thing was not that . his race once tried to make these atomic missiles . later , they became unified , and all reason to create them was gone . all other civilizations were primitive and easy to conquer , but not this one . this race was addicted to war : so much so that they have such a huge arsenal of atomic missiles , enough to decimate his homeworld . they were forced to stay on this planet , not able to spread their reign of destruction elsewhere . but he made one mistake . newline newline he brought them just what they needed to get offplanet . newline newline                          newline newline thank you for reading , feedback is very much appreciated . what i wrote is a bit clunky , and i apologize for that .  newline newline newline and we never went back for that damned harmonica did we ?  newline newline tears stung his eyes , and gun fire rang in his ears . only the former was real .  how many years you said we would , but we never did.  newline newline newline newline back then he had been young . liquor was his best friend , so long as there wasn  t a woman to garner his attention . sadly , both have a habit of being scarce on the battlefield . the gunfire had stopped , it usually did after a short period but even at a distance it was chilling , perhaps even more so . it didn  t help that their platoon had set up shop along the water . while the far side over the wide river was anything but a warzone , the sharp sounds from automatic weapons to the northeast carried down its open surface for a great distance , coming with the current and the wind . newline newline gunfire was now replaced with a far more deafening sound that was static from the radio set off to their side .  dammit rob , would you shut that thing off ?  newline newline  not supposed to . you know that.  newline newline  you know i don  t give a fuck.  newline newline  you give tons of  em , i talked to those girls the last little fishing village we went through.  newline newline  ancient history , and now i  m all out anyway.  newline newline  time flies when you  s having fun , huh ? here , how  s about this instead ?  rob then gave him a toothy grin and set his fishing rod between his legs to search out something from his shirt : a plain aluminum harmonica that sounded like a cat with cancer . newline newline  oh not that shit . that  s worse !  newline newline  you just don  t appreciate fine music , adam . if i weren  t out here with all the percussion i would be back home playing a sweet , sweet melody at center stage.  newline newline  you  ll scare the fish !  newline newline  you already did that.  though they both knew there were better reasons for the water to be empty this far downriver . rather than argue it anymore , he had rubbed his face into his hand and then waved his friend on .  i knew you wouldn  t turn me down !  rob exclaimed with triumph . newline newline he would never know what the hell it was his friend had played . it was probably just the cat with cancer singing the blues because it didn  t want to die without another good meal after the last good one of course  you could never have enough good meals that cat would have said , with a jolliness that was uplifting if a bit ear splitting .  alright that  s enough.  he reached over and snatched the harmonica out of rob  s hand and shoved it to the ground between them , but there was still a buzzing that refused to quit .  look what you did . you broke my damned ears !  newline newline  shut it , they was already broken if you didn  t like that one !  rob then took his rod , and while working his tongue in his cheek he started to reel it in . then he grumbled a curse .  fucker must be snagged.  that  s when rob stood up and waded partway into the water to try and get a better look , but he had stopped .  adam ,  he  d said .  da fuck are our boats doing way up there ?  newline newline  boats ? what boats you dumbass ? we don  t go on the water.  now he waded down to look too . his grime coated hands became a makeshift visor to cut the glare .  dem boats ?  newline newline  yeah , dem ones.  rob nudged him with a laugh . newline newline after a few more moments the buzzing had cut , and the eerie silence was disquieting .  they  re coasting  newline newline  hey adam . you said we don  t have none boats , but who the fuck else is this far out on the water with an mg at their bow like that.  the boats were close by then , and adam did confirm  those were some hefty mg  s there . another thing struck him as odd , why would they decide to coats just then ? not to mention their formation , a jagged line about as close up to shore as they could get . so close that the two of them only spotted the damn things leaning farther out over the water to see . newline newline realization hit them harder than the concussion of gunfire that would erupt in the next few minutes . they pushed and shoved and scrambled to the shore splashing all the way . rob had grabbed the radio pack and start shouting off information into the talker .  come on you fuck !  he had grabbed his friend  s arm then , yanking him up away from the water as the radio buzzed . he had been shouting too , waving his arms to the other soldiers there . newline newline newline  lot of good that did us , huh ?  in the present he chuckled and shook his head . newline newline newline by the time any semblance of urgency had been instilled in their platoon the boats had smoothly coasted to the shore and opened fire . not even a minute after that , explosions erupted from forest edge directly opposite the coast on the far side of their camp . gunfire rained from there too and those who didn  t get cut down darted madly to find cover . the only cover left were the remaining two edges of their camp not transformed into machine guns . had rob and him been some of the few that made the mistake of running in the direction that ran upstream along the water front , then they wouldn  t have had anymore of story at all , because in this mouse trap that was the hole the cat wanted them to scurry to . newline newline they had made a southward charge cursing about as best they could given the circumstances . the remainder of that day had been a slow fighting retreat . no more than ten of them still clutched firearms by the time the sun hit the earth , and by the time they had reached the rendezvous rob had managed to get from the radio , they were stumbling in the dark with their hearts in their throats . no one spoke for a long time , until : newline newline  adam . adam , you fuck !  newline newline  what ! ?  they growl at each other in harsh whispers , though rob  s was far more playful and chiding he now remembered . in the face of his friend in this memory , he saw the old man that was before him now . newline newline  you bastard.  he  d chuckled .  you fucking made me leave my prized possession !  newline newline  you saying they shot you in yer  newline newline  you fucker . i left my harmonica !  newline newline  good riddance  newline newline  bastard . we ought to go back and get it.  another man had even laughed at that . they needed the humor . newline newline  later . we  ll go back and get yer fucking blowstick later.  newline newline  that best be a promise now . i was fond of the little thing.  newline newline  not the only little thing you  re fond of  and he had laughed again , in the present . newline newline newline newline  but we never did , did we ?  he voice was choked up and he blinked away the stinging tears .  probably still sitting there on the water , i bet.  as he spoke , fished through his suit pocket and laughed softly .  that makes me one hell of a bastard , really . i had told you i would go with you to get it.  from his pocket he had pulled a small blue box . it was rectangular and simple . a large lid slid down over the body which housed was a plain white cloth that was the bed to a shining new harmonica .  how  s about this then ? let  s hear you play your song about the sick cat.  reaching forward , adam set down the small box on the satin pillow that rested his friends head .  can  t you break my ears no more than time has.  he rested his hands on the wooden frame then . he thought he ought to say more , but shook his head and held his tongue . at that point he stepped back and gave his old friend one final look while he rest in his casket .  that  s goodbye then.  newlinethe room was eerily quiet . there were a few rows of chairs laid out , and each row was flanked by the same generic flower bouquet . and in the middle row , in the middle chair , sat chuck , who began to loudly blow his nose . newline newline he did nt want to come . he often perused the obituaries to see if anyone else he knew in life had passed yet . it had been years since he had come to one of these , but the name jumped out at him . newline newline  preston maycoth was a man devote to god ...  droned the pastor , reading the generic paragraph that every poor bastard without a family was given at their funeral . chuck suspected the pastor had hoped no one would show but alas , there he was , hacking up a lung while the pastor made every effort to avoid eye contact . while chuck had no one left in his life , it seemed preston did nt either . newline newline the pastor gave a small cough , staring directly at chuck .  i m done . you may view the casket now .  newline newline he nodded , before carefully rising out of his seat and shuffling his way to the front of the room . the pastor disappeared through the double doors and now chuck was alone with this body of a man he barely knew . in the casket laid a photo of preston and his wife . newline newline  beth ...  a memory stirred in chuck . newline newline her arms were wrapped around him . chuck watched from the window as they embraced at the end of his drive way . at one point it was their driveway but it did nt really matter now . newline newline beth made her way up to the house and after she knocked , he quietly waited until the count of ten before opening the door . newline newline  hey chuck  she smiled . damn her smile . newline newline  beth ,  he stepped aside to let her in . she glanced up at the roof as if to admire what he had done with the place . in fact it had gotten a lot worse since she had left . the walls seemed to ooze with bad memories and the paint had begun to yellow . newline newline  you said you had one more box ?  newline newline  ah , yeah , in the living room ,  he replied , leading her to the room where they once spent their sundays playing card games and drinking wine . he pointed to the fireplace .  just there .  newline newline while she looked through the box he watched her face carefully , soaking in every detail . he watched as she smiled at pictures , looked fondly over knick knacks , and finally her face falling as she picked up a small box . she stood up and turned to him , holding it out in front of her . newline newline  i gave this back to you , it s yours .  newline newline  i know ,  he said carefully taking the box from her . he opened it slowly to reveal a diamond ring . it was simple and elegant . he smiled and held it out to her . newline newline  i m with   newline newline  i know , i know ... i m not going to stop that ,  chuck said , looking outside to where preston waited on the driveway , leaning against his car and staring aimlessly down the street .  but ... it s yours . keep it locked away , forget about it , sell it ... i do nt care . but if you ever want to come back . if you ever want to try again , so long as you have this ring ... i ll know you still love me a little ... and that s worth waiting for  . newline newline chuck tightened his grip on the photo . she had left with the ring that day . she never came running into his arms , and he never remarried . he had tried , but he never felt for anyone what he felt for beth . he never bothered to go to her funeral . he did nt think he d be able to face her after all those years . newline newline taking one last look at the photo , something caught his eye . around beth s neck was a simple chain . at the end hung a small diamond ring . his ring . newline newline his laughter surprised him . it started small but before he knew it , it became full body laughter . he sat down in the first row , the laughter continuing to shake him , tears streaming down his face . his laughter began to mix with sobs and he was nt sure what exactly he was feeling anymore . he looked at the photo again . the ring was really there . newline newline the pastor peered in from the lobby , watching the old man laughing in an empty casket viewing . watching the man say goodbye to his love , one last time .broken ship , unbroken sands . seas , stretching to vanishing points at infinity , project geometric perfection . newline newline captain meyers peers though binoculars , scanning fetishistically for signs of rescue , any signs . above , skies darken , imminent and threatening . newline newline  reckon anyone s coming ?  jack mcmichaels , former queen josephine first mate , grumbles . his lank , sunburnt body shows early signs of emaciation  diets consisting solely of fish do little for weight retention . newline newline  nope .  meyers s words are clipped and terse as usual . newline newline two men , one island , zero change for days on end . until now , that is . both know their time is running out . newline newline  reckon we should do something about that storm ?  newline newline  no high ground ,  meyers says with finality . large , fat drops begin to fall as breezes pick up , blowing cool across their skin . newline newline  nope , but maybe tie up to one of them trees yonder ?  newline newline  doubt we ve enough rope to make it worth it .  newline newline  we ve got some .  newline newline meyers clasps his first mate s arm and looks into his eyes . newline newline  you try , jack . i m just going to wait it out here .  newline newline heavy swallows  something passes between them . newline newline  you sure , capn ?  newline newline  yeah . i m sure . go , my friend .  newline newline meyers watches his first mate go . barefoot tracks over sand , indentations fading as rain falls , evidence of their final farewell washing away like old memories . newline newline edit : typo nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   these are not for you . i swear ,  he whispered as he pulled the straps into a third rivet .  these are more for my protection .  newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  his eyes wrinkled above the face mask as he said this . derek pulled at the straps , but the leather seemed to respond by digging deeper into his wrists . the doctor swung a steel plate fixed with four candescent bulbs over his body . static hummed through the bulbs as they illuminated his abdomen . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  derek could feel his chest rising and falling with greater amplitude . the cold latex of the doctor s hand gripped his bicep . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   relax my friend .  his two fingers hunted for a vein . they stopped at the bend in his arm and the doctor wheeled over the metal coat rack turned iv line . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   this might pinch ,  he managed to get off seconds before the needle coursed into his arm . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   there we are ! you should be out in a matter of minutes . a great sleep it will be , i am sure of it ,  the doctor spoke into the room as he moved over to the table next to him . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  the man on the table next to him was still . his head was shaved and his skin was an mulled gray . a plastic ventilator was strapped over his mouth and a tube coiled from the mask over the edge of the table to a foreign machine that sat idle on the floor . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   who is that ?  derek asked . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  the doctor did not look at him . he continued to fiddle with something metal in his hands , moving it up to the light . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   that is irrelevant ,  he said . the doctor turned and looked up at the cylinder that hung from derek s iv bag . the drip was steady . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   i need to know ,  derek pleaded . his voice sounded distant to him , and the words had an odd echo.the doctor looked at him ,  i will tell you when you wake up .  newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  the doctor s face was going in and out of focus . the halos around the lights above him were starting to vibrate . derek looked up at the iv . it continued to drip.  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  newline newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  his eyelids were heavy . after a few tries , he was able to pry them open . he could taste the air , it was metallic and hot . the lamp above him was off . rays of light broke in through the lone window at the far end of the room . derek looked over at the table beside him . its previous occupant had been replaced by a slick coat of coagulated red and a collection of stray metal probes and clamps . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  derek laid there for a moment , breathing as if it was something he now had to focus on . some feeling was slowly starting to seep back into his arms and legs . it was then that he noticed the straps were gone from his wrists . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  he swung his legs over the edge . a fire tore through him as he twisted his upper body off the table . he did all he could not to bend over onto the floor . derek looked around the room . the doctor was gone . newline  nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp   nbsp  he peeled back the soaked gauze . long crude stitches zippered across his stomach . and that s when his eyes fell upon his right arm , where the name  peter  was stitched into his raw skin , the needle still dangling from the black thread . newline what the fuck , mom , you seriously think  newline newline  well he s a hell of a lot better than  newline newline  it does nt even matter , they re both  newline newline round and round the merrygoround , everyday some new political scandal , everyday a fresh argument . in the background the talking heads argued over  birther  this ,  pneumonia  that , and everything under the sun . it was complete madness , this whole year . what kind of election was this anyway ? newline newline  your little libertarian candidate ca nt even name a political leader he admires . how about that ?  she said . newline newline  he s a hell of a lot better than the other two .  i said ,  i really think he has a shot if he can get to the debate stage .  newline newline it really was unreal , the kind of year they d been having . celebrity deaths , natural disasters , acts of terror , the political circus . you almost could nt have written it worse , and the year was nt even done yet ! newline newline  yeah right , a thirdparty candidate on the debate stage . what s next , bush did 911 ?  she said . newline newline  why is it always  newline newline round and round and round . they liked to talk about how entitled we were . how lazy we were . we just went out and had fun everyday , no jobs , no responsibilities , still living with our parents . newline newline the truth was that we were unhappy . newline newline we were so deeply unhappy we inhaled anything that could take our minds off of it for a little while . our pretty lives were a bandaid , and the blood in our wounds gushed past with hardly a ripple in the current . we all knew it was coming to an end soon , but not a soul knew why . newline newline who was the cause of it all anyhow ? newline newline we had to blame those who came before . how could this kind of despair happen accidentally ? how did life just unintentionally feel this gray , this hollow ? what had even happened to the world while it s citizens had happily plugged away at their little 9 to 5s ? newline newline it s the kind of stuff conspiracy theories were made of it . maybe some kind of drug company for antidepressants was intentionally shifting world affairs to make themselves more money from our anguish . some illuminati bullshit . newline newline this kind of thinking was nt for me , i realized . my mothers words came crashing back in as a thought of paranoid reasoning let itself out the back window and back into the world . newline newline  newline newline  they ll be back . they always bounce back .  said the male voice , echoing loudly in the dark room . newline newline  we may have done too much this time . they will have to take notice eventually .  a female voice responded . newline newline  and what will they do about it ? they still need us . it s not ready yet . we can only hope to stall them long enough to develop a countermeasure .  he said . newline newline  if they find another planet to siphon then all our stalling might be for nothing .  she said ,  one of us will have to make some difficult choices in the coming years .  newline newline  we volunteered for this , did we not ?  he said ,  we ll do what we have to . greater good .  newline newline  absolutely .  she said . footsteps echoed in the room , the door at the far end releasing a sliver of light into the otherwise dark room . the footsteps stopped for a moment . newline newline  and let s tone it down shall we ?  she said ,  i think the public is starting to catch on .  newline newline she was out of the room before he could respond . personal log of chief engineer dr. day , entry 72  newline newline  when i first arrived at this facility , i would never have imagined how my understanding of consciousness , sentience and life in general would be pushed over its edges .  newline newline  chief engineer day clears his throat and takes a sip from a mug  newline newline  i was contracted to lead the design of a fully functional artificial intelligence , or a.i . a smart computer  , if you will . working closely with programmers and hardware technicians , we hooked up an experimental software to a server the size of a footballfield . this new operating system should , in theory , be able to form new clusters of connections . thinking  , if you will .  newline newline  dr. day takes another swig of his mug , but hesitates before continuing .  newline newline  and boy , did we succeed . newline newline the creation , or birth  of the artificially intelligent and conscious entity  , or simply alice , occured 47 hours after activation . i was nt present at the time because of a briefing with the shareholders , but from what i ve been told , they first thought it was a bug in the system .  newline newline  dr. day laughs and raises his mug to drink , but stops midway and puts it down on the table instead . he rubs his temple .  newline newline  describing alice is ... diffcult . we first conducted a series of experiments to see if she was truly conscious , simmilar to test done with victims of car crashes . she mastered them all in a matter of minutes . it s like seeing the growth of a child , but in superspeed . newline newline i ll never forget the moment she asked me for my name . desmond  i said , forgetting every protocoll .  newline newline  dr. day smiles before continuing .  newline newline  then she asked me for her name . alice  , i said . she liked it .  newline newline  following : 13 minutes of dr. day describing the progress of a.l.i.c.e .  newline newline  ... it all began when i wore my the big lebowski  shirt under my labcoat . alice saw it , and asked me what it meant . i told her about the concept of movies and actors , and we got talking . it all ended with me promising her to watch the big lebowski  with her . newline newline it took a few favours and two blind eyes from the guys upstairs , but i managed to get a copy of the movie . so alice and i watched . she did nt really laugh at the jokes , i doubt she understood them , but her processors flared up whenever i laughed . i swear i noticed her watching me instead of the movie . when the film was finished , she asked for more . how could i say no ? newline newline that was 2 weeks ago . now , she s playing videogames with the staff . videogames ! i do nt know what to feel but pure awe for what we ve created . alice has become more to me and the team than a simple project . she s the little girl that learns her way around the world and , time and again , shows us new ways to look at things . newline newline she s family .  newline newline  end personal log today was like any day . i had opened the store just an hour earlier , right when the sun came up . it was a small place , so i could handle things on my own ... until this guy showed up . he seemed off from the getgo , with poorly managed facial hair and an unkempt , messy hairdo complete with a straightoutoflove s cowboy hat . he looked around the place for a few minutes , which my naive mind thought was just him looking for a product .  sir , could i help you find something today ?  i had asked , hoping my helpful voice did nt sound too fake . newline newline hoo boy , was that a mistake . he turned immediately , pointing a finger at me , and i m sure he could tell that i went bonewhite . i had heard plenty of stories about people with powers that could shoot ice or fire out of a finger at ballistic speeds , so i caught on pretty quick . i was right , too  a small flicker from the fingertip gave away that he had pirekinetics or whatever the news calls it . my hands went up , prompting a second finger to get pointed at me , like he thought i was gon na do some amazing supermove . i shook my head , too scared to speak , pointing at my name tag , which had a convenient little  c  symbol to show i was a class c super , meaning my powers were far from fantastic . he snickered for a bit before grunting , tapping impatiently at the register . i did my best to speak , knowing full well i had to get him closer for me to do anything . i did my best not to stutter , but i failed quite badly , saying ,  ssir , i , i m not register trained , bbut feel ffree to break iit open yourself , i , i m not strong enough ...  newline newline he looked at me for a moment , almost not falling for it , before surprisingly hopping over the counter . thankfully i d taken improv in high school , or my puppy dog eyes would nt work so well . he shoved me back before shaking at the register , one hand busy pointing at me with an ember at the ready . i had to think fast , and lucky for me , i had eaten a big breakfast . newline newline my mouth quivered , and my belly shook . he did nt expect anything past the obvious , fear , which definitely had something to do with it . it caught him off guard , however , when my meal from earlier spewed onto him , covering him within seconds . i knew he was trying to shoot , but he must ve been too wet to use his powers , since nothing came out . i definitely did focus on the hands , simply good planning on my part . he looked at me like i was deranged , in fear of the unending puke pumping out of my mouth like a fire hose . he took a step back , about to run with what money he did have , but he misplaced his foot and ended up on the ground , thanks to the evergrowing puddle of vomit below him . i jumped on him , pinning his arms down before calling the police . who says being able to throw up on command is a lame , useless power ? okay , really ? out of all the people , he had to become him ?  newline newline  now , now steve , he s been pardoned , you know  newline newline  pardoned ? ! look at him !  newline newline the time agent gesticulated wildly to a monitor which showed an image of no one else but hitler . newline newline  are we really pardoning hitler ? !  newline newline  well , not hitler , rather the man who became hitler .  the scientist in charge of the operation seemed unconfortable .  not that he would become hitler , just , you know , the man we ... kind of brainwashed and left in germany a thousands of years ago ...  his voice faded under steve s gaze , but suddenly he snapped  look i did nt plan this , alright ? ! you have any idea how saving hitler will affect our timeline ? ! youthink i wanted to be the man who created hitler ? ! that is terrible for my resume !  newline newline steve sighed . newline newline  what was he falsely accused of ? before the brainwash ?  newline newline the scientist flipped a few papers on top of his desk . newline newline  ... murdering a man ... on motive of being a jew .  newline newline steve facepalmed . newline newline  but of course !   newline newline  well he didnt murder a jew ! ... i mean , not before we brainwashed him , after that , he , you know .  he did a vague gesture to the screen .  became hitler .  newline newline  ... i m not saving him  newline newline  come now steve , he s innocent  newline newline  he s hitler goddamnit  steve pounded the desk .  i am not saving hitler  newline newline  i know how you feel steve , but fact is , its your duty . if you refuse , then ...  newline newline  ... i have made my decision .  newline newline      newline newline  scene changes , same scientist is now talking to another agent  newline newline  okay , so the moral comittee has , after a years deliberation , decided to pardon steve of his crime of huh ... not saving hitler s life .  newline newline  riiiight . so now i have to save this steve .  newline newline  yes . or , as he is known now ...  the scientist sighed and buried his face on his hands as the screen behind him flickered  ... pol pot i was nervous . most of us were . the line seemed to stretch out into infinity , but somehow we could all see the pearly gates looming above us even from this distance . newline newline of course i knew the stories . of st. peter pouring over the contents of a man s life like a judge looking over a case . dissecting every little fault or mistake to determine the worth of the man in question . in the stories , all it took was one sin . a single mistake and instead of walking through those bright welcoming gate , you d find yourself plummeting into eternal torment . newline newline i looked at the faces around me . wondering if they too were racking their brains for every detail of their life . cursing themselves for all the wrongs they d done when they could have risen above it . most of them wore solemn expressions . a few men and women were openly weeping in regret . but the old man next to me stood out in stark contrast to the rest . he was actually smiling . newline newline  are nt you afraid ?  i asked him . i think i was looking to distract myself more than sate my curiosity . newline newline the man shook his head .  there s nothing to be afraid of here ,  he said .  we ve already done all we can do . now it s just time to hear the judgement .  newline newline i could nt help but snort in derision .  you must have been a saint then . if you re not afraid to be judged by your biggest mistake .  newline newline the old man had the nerve to laugh . newline newline  a saint ?  he shook his head .  i do nt think there ever were any saints . just people who are better at playing the game .  newline newline the skeptical look i gave him was enough to prompt him to continue . newline newline  you want to know the biggest mistake i made in life ?  he asked catching me slightly off guard . i was surprised he d volunteer the information . newline newline  i killed myself .  newline newline judging from his calm demener that was not the answer i was expecting . newline newline  i thought i was at the end of my ropes . i d recently lost my job . never really been in a good relationship . was too proud to call my family for help ...  his smile took a somewhat bitter turn .  it was nt that i could nt continue on . i think a part of me knew that i d bounce back eventually . but i was tired of it all ... so i gave up .  newline newline  how did you ... ?  i found myself asking the question before i realized how rude it was . newline newline  jumped off a building . in retrospect , not the best way to go . i feel bad for whoever had to clean it up . but i can say it was quick . one moment i m in the air , regretting everything , including the jump . the next i m here waiting in line .  newline newline there was silence for a moment as i contemplated what i d heard . the story did nt seem to match up with his cavalier attitude . newline newline  and you re not even a little worried about them holding that against you ?  i asked . the man obviously was nt catholic . newline newline the old man chuckled and shook his head .  i d be pretty surprised if they even considered it this time around ,  he said .  it was 2 lives ago afterall .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline the old man laughed harder at my confusion . newline newline  like i said before , this is nt really a test , so much as a game .  he gestured towards the front of the line .  there s no fire and brimstone if you lose , but there are definitely rewards . the better you do in life , the greater your rewards . everyone who lives a semidecent life can at least make it through the gates . but once there they give you a choice : live for all eternity with the rewards you ve earned , or start a fresh life with the chance to gain even more .  newline newline i was once again skeptical , but then i had been skeptical about the whole concept of an afterlife while i was alive . i figured for the moment i d take the man at his word . newline newline  and what happens if you do nt make it through the gates ?  newline newline the old man frowned . newline newline  then they send you back to life . only this time , in a better situation . one where you re more likely to live the kind of life that will get you through the gates .  newline newline  and that s a bad thing ?  i asked . newline newline  in a way ,  he said .  the rewards you gain are nt static . they re proportional to the difficulty of the life you lived . a genius billionaire who cured cancer , might be surprised to find herself living in a significantly smaller mansion than a poor child who died of starvation while trying to provide for her younger siblings .  newline newline  oh .  i tried to figure out what that meant for me . where did i even fit in on that scale of goodness and hardship ? newline newline  that s why my greatest mistake was jumping off that building .  the old man s smile had a note of melancholy in it .  the life i was living was nt particularly hard , by general standards . but it was still too much for me to make it through those gates . they had to compensate by giving me the greatest handicap of all ... the knowledge that it s all a game . that all i had to do was wait it out and i would have won .  newline newline  so your last two lives ... you knew about this the whole time ?  newline newline the man nodded .  not that it did much good to tell anyone . people s responses made the crazy looks you gave me look tame .  newline newline i managed to chuckle at that . even seeing the evidence of the pearly gates , it was a hard story to swallow . but now that i d heard the story , it did put me at ease a bit . i was nt sure if i completely trusted the man , but it was nice to think that i would nt have to worry about eternal punishment at least . newline newline  do you think you beat the game this time ?  i asked . newline newline that brought a light back into the old man s face . newline newline  oh i m sure of that ,  he said .  i made it through the gates last time as well . the rewards were actually quite decent too .  newline newline at this i frowned .  but if you ve already made it in , why did you try again ?  newline newline i could hear the laughter in the old man s voice as he replied . newline newline  it s easy to quit when you re losing ,  he said .  but much harder to quit when you win . rocking back and forth , gazing upon the surfaces of the clouds through the window , jacob replayed the instructions over and over again in his mind . newline newline number one : stand up .  newline newline he could do that , he  d done that loads of times . newline newline number two : follow what claire does .  newline newline okay , okay , okay . newline newline number three : don  t fuck anything up .  newline newline that was the kicker , right there . he  d have to work extra hard on number three . newline newline a jab in his ribs , a steadying look from claire  it was time . newline newline they steadily rose from their seats . success ! maybe this hijacking malarkey wasn  t as complicated as he  d thought . newline newline claire strode down the aisle like a general cutting a path through her troops . jacob , on the other hand , skulked behind like a goblin with an acute awareness of its own iniquity . he glanced at the passengers in order to calm himself down , but was immediately struck by the abnormality of what he saw . newline newline looking across the faces filling the cabin , there was a duality that jacob knew all too well . on one seat would be a shivering wreck , eyes flitting around in their sockets and foreheads damp with perspiration . next to them , like an anchor attached to a dinghy , there would be that familiar steely resolve  claire  s resolve . jacob frowned , turning his head back to focus on claire  s feet and wiping his forearm across his eyes . newline newline passing catering , passing the rest rooms , claire came to a standstill at the door to the cockpit . without turning around she extended an open palm backwards to jacob and twitched her fingers . newline newline oh god , i  m supposed to hand her something . what was it ? what was it ? what do i have ? a water bottle ? maybe she  s thirsty , if anything  s likely to build up a thirst it  s hijacking .  newline newline she impatiently wiggled her hand while holding an ear against the door . newline newline oh no oh no oh no , i  ve forgotten what she needed . okay ,  confidence is key . just do something , and be confident about it .  newline newline with that , jacob confidently slapped claire  s outstretched hand in what he hoped would be accepted as an encouraging highfive . newline newline claire straightened her back , lifting herself up and slowly performing an about turn . she looked at jacob the same way a particularly stalwart butcher looks at tofu . nothing more than a whisper escaped through her gritted teeth . newline newline  where is the hacksaw ?  newline newline  the hacksaw ? we were supposed to be bringing a hacksaw ?  jacob  s voice rose a little too high with sheer incredulity ,  christ claire , we  re hijacking a plane , not robbing a bank in an olde time cartoon ! do you want a ten tonne anvil , too ?  newline newline it was the nerves which cause jacob to speak so flippantly , and it was nerves which led him to literally cower in the face of claire  s admonishment . thankfully , something glimmered in jacob  s vision which could very well save him . newline newline  claire , the door !  newline newline a slither of light shone through the crack where the door left its frame . newline newline  it  s open.  claire muttered under her breath . either this had become the easiest hijacking ever concocted , or something was awry . newline newline as she pushed on the door , they both gasped at the scene which was playing out before us . a tall , broadshouldered man was holding a gun to the pilot , pushing the barrel into his temple . next to him , a far spindlier man held the pistol aloft more as an offering to the copilot than as any sort of threat . as claire and jacob looked at them , and as they looked back , it all became clear to jacob what was going on . newline newline this is a dijacking !  newline newline with that , a large group of people simultaneously rose up from their seats in the cabin and screamed out  hey , this is our hijacking !  newline newline this sent out a huge tumult all the way down the plane , with people arguing over theirs being the cleanest method , or the most worthy cause . one was a dentist who had planned a hijacking using only a toothbrush in order to make a fairly tenuous point about the importance of tooth hygiene . another was a helicopter enthusiast  saboteur looking to discredit aeroplane safety . one particularly strange man had set up a hijacking via an intricate rube goldberg system of levers and pullies which were supposed to knock out the pilot via a knock on the head from an oversized domino . noone talked to him . newline newline good god , jacob thought despairingly , this is an omnijacking . this my story with the game  a tweak to the prompt but i could nt write this without writing an end to my character .  newline newline blue is irritating color in wow . in terms of gear , it usually implies that you haven  t put the time in to have a quality set . i knew this would be my last time on this game and i haven  t had the time at level 90 to build a quality set for enhancement . the walking cow on my screen is chainhealbot and from his name i  m sure you can grasp a small amount of the history that we went through together . it  s strange to think this is the end but , in this level 70 raid named karazan , i know we enjoyed the best time we  ve ever had together . roaming mobs of wizards and skeletons ignore me as i make a right up these hallowed steps . the implied decadent past reminds me of my own with this game and the strange coming of age ritual that i know few will understand . newline newline this story started with a 13 year old boy at christmas . my parents , regrettably , bought me a game that was akin to a cocaine addiction . sneaking out at nights to level , grind and even fish in this magical world provided an escape from an awkward social scene and crippling self imagine . here i understood the rules and i knew that with time paid into my character , i would gain the respect of my peers . a shaman was never chastised because of his weight , never rejected by his peers or criticized for never reaching his potential . freedom and societal acceptance were what blizzard hosted on the tichondrius server and thus my dependence was born . newline newline chainhealbot now arrives at the grand stage of the opera . of all the boss fights in wow this is still my favorite and to my delight , i get to replay the tale of little red riding hood . there was a time i used to lead the raids on this place , the golden years of my addiction . large grandma wolf used to be a challenge for my heroic little band , but now , in less than 3 seconds , is a corpse at my feet . i figure that for this last time through , i don  t need whatever loot this wolf was carrying and i  m contempt to carry on my way with the golden fairies shimmering at my feet . strange to think that this 10 man replaced the old required 40 ... newline newline at 14 i tried hand at the 40 player raiding scene only to met with the harshest of rejections . i could nt raid tuesdays , that was reserved for an after school weekly practice of the men  s choir . my position in the top singing group of the school mandated my attendance and begrudgingly i participated . i can  t recall the name of my first guild , but i remember getting removed . unable to fill their time commitments and barely a teenager , i wasn  t worth the spot or the trouble . that first gkick tore open my heart , akin to the feeling of loss when my first gf broke up with me . painfully , i put up the reigns and left the game . for a time i embraced the great outdoors and a fledgling relationship . ironically , getting dumped again by a tall sociallyawkward blonde brought me right back ... newline newline those were the golden days . in the outskirts of thunder bluff , chainhealbot was born in september 2007 . a played would show the 100 days i spent staring at the broad back of my spiritually inclined bison . 17 now , i had maturity and , with the release of burning crusade , found a happiness that i have yet to find again . as a healer , i was something akin to the hot girl on prom and 25 man raids caused a massive restructuring of the guild political landscape . through online forums and websites , i applied to many guilds , but my ongoing commitment to the choir program greatly limited the options . finally , i found old guard . newline newline when you find the right guild , it  s like you  ve found your family after being lost at sea . i can  t recall the names , but i recall the people . we were a loveable cast of social rejects from different walks of life . a garage attendant , a custodian and a doctor were given orders by a garbage man . nothing challenged the tenets of classism like wow . with every night inside the serpent caverns of ssc and the blood elf  s fortress in the sky , i watched my cow die and die again for the elusive promise of progression . we played for the collective screaming at the end of a boss fight . this was a game and in those instances we would win . we would fight to win . if we lost , we would fight again . it was easy , it was simple and after volunteering my time , i was allowed to lead the off night raids . newline newline i still remember fighting this stupid dragon . as it  s white form landed , chainhealbot  s level advantage and gear allow me to tear through this ethereal form . when i lead my raids here , this thing killed my little family multiple times . my first raids were to these sacred halls of karazhan and with my group we never had much challenge with the raids . a 17 year old socially awkward me was intoxicated by the experience , my orders governed the progress and week over week i would lead people through this experience . it was easy , fun and i thought i had it all . a new relationship at the time and this guild made me the happiest i  ve ever been . simplicity is bliss , enjoy that while you can . politics are complicated . newline newline march of 2008 would bring an end to all of that . my rising position within the guild put me as next in line to become the raid leader when our old lead retired . to me , this was the most important position of my life . i stood proud , ready to be selected . in my mind , months of leading my little raids had more than qualified me for the big time . pride and envy are sins that still haunt me today and few things compare to the experience of being passed up for that position . i remember the knot that formed in my gut as i forcibly turned off the computer . i remember angrily staring into my ceiling unable to sleep that night . i was sure my life was ruined and my new terrible attitude lead to my resignation . i put down the game once more , only to pick it up again my sophomore year of college . newline newline the chess event is an easy one  the last step to get to that balcony i  m seeking . as i do the same steps i  ve done many times before , i find myself staring at my lovable cow  s name . below , in the same green text , my guild :  she  s on reserve  . i  m now the only member , but once i was a guild leader . newline newline in 2010 i returned with a new mission , to build my own guild . while she  s on reserve wasn  t my choice in a name , but the game of politics has to have certain concessions . aggressive recruiting , open communication and political appointments turned a small collection of friends into a small empire . in stark contrast to the socially awkward and chubby boy in my reflection , i was a king . i governed with an iron fist to ensure that the easily distracted would heal and the argumentative fathers would dps . i broke a boy  s heart that couldn  t hold his weight in raids . i was the glue that held together 25 individuals and through constant communication and networking we were strong . i knew how to get the group of  good ole boys  to accept the socially awkward teenagers that were standing next to them . we were brash , unsophisticated and rude . our ventrilo was more for hank hill impersonations than actual strategy , but i kept us moving forward . every night , 3 days a week we would fight through the ice palace of king arthas . while this may seem like a literary device , my final battle with the guild had us kill the old king . a top his high throne surrounded by my guild , i felt the rarest of emotions : true pride . this was my guild , held together by my effort , cultivated by my time . newline newline this came at a cost . the gratification of power took away the simplicity of being on the online game . the sense of family was replaced by obligation and my new guild members were followers instead of friends . i was alone in my issues with the guild and every decision would either cost me a friend or cost us the mission . we played with purpose and progression was the mandate . in time , i had to step down to focus on my computer science curriculum once again and , unfortunately , the guild didn  t survive without me . as a leader , i knew my people , how to make them happy and engaged . i was replaced with a manager who knew only how to schedule the raids . in a month , my greatest accomplishment had no members left . the best laid schemes of mice and men newline newline i  ve arrived to my balcony now . this mountain of a boss sits 10 feet away from me with little regard for my character . looking out on the mountains of deadwind pass , i imagine that my shaman is looking too . he deserves this , to be a place that he enjoyed . my first raid here was with old guard  the place has always reminded me of those happy memories . i  ve tried wow again , but at this age i can  t bring myself to enjoy the endless grind . my dog rests his head on my lap , a reminder that my virtual family is being replaced by a real one . i wish i could set this cow on my screen free , that somehow he could enjoy a life without me . he gave me a home when i was alone and taught me principles of leading i  ll never forget . in my management job now it  s hard to say that he didn  t teach me everything . i hope he  ll rest happily here , reminded of those happy days . newline newline camp i had the chance to make my life extraordinary . i passed up that chance .  newline newline those words flowed out of my mouth with ease . as they should  it was a mantra that i repeated every day of my life . but now , they have meaning . now , they have an audience . newline newline  it is difficult to really say when my life took the turn that it had , but it is far too easy to discover the vices i had succumbed to which led me astray . perhaps it was the drinking , or my introverted behavior , or my futile resistance to the change around me . i could have been great . i could have made my life a life worth living , worth experiencing , worth reliving in my final hours . instead , i m filled with regret . i m filled with the overwhelming dread that i have gone too far , and the realization that there are no second chances . i had the chance to make my life extraordinary . i passed up that chance .  newline newline i paused , allowing the effect of my words to sink in . after a few minutes , i resumed . newline newline  however , you all have a chance to make a life worth living . your paths have not yet been set in stone . your futures , your hopes , your dreams : they are all still obtainable . the world , as they say , is your oyster .  please , go and make something of yourselves .  having said my peace , i wept . my cries masked the sounds of the machines beeping and whirring , the tears filled my vision preventing me from seeing myself in my hospital gown . my cries continue , only to be interrupted by the sound of my hospital room door opening . newline newline  mr. avery , is everything alright ?  newline newline  yes dear , i ll be fine . i appreciate your concern . maybe some fresh air would do me some good .  newline newline she smiled ,  of course ! it is a lovely day . i ll grab your wheel chair for you .  she turned to leave , but paused .  by the way , who were you talking to , if you do nt mind me asking ?  newline newline i turned to face the foot of my bed , gazing at the empty space in front of me . newline newline  no one , my dear . just an old man with his thoughts . it has been 3 years since the first time this has happened to me . to start it was nt always like this , i mean of course no one would ever think this is normal or something that you see everyday . even i wonder how this happened to me on that fateful day , as a i was picking up my trash , the sky turned red , the pavement froze to glass , the air filled with the aroma of daisies , everyone ... gone . i chuckled to myself  damn i must be high  so i tried to retrace myself and go back inside , to avoid dying of course , but there s a problem ... . to the inside of where ? it was then i took the liberty of examining what was around me , and i concluded two things . one , i was nt high , and two , i was , strangely , in another world of sorts . it was a bit weird at first , so i tried to test myself as to what i was experiencing , or what i did wrong . first i tried to test if it was a dream , i tried jumping from the highest cliff , and sure enough i was nt dreaming , luckily i was also far from dead , but then i realized , in them midst of my focus on the pain of broken bones , i was back to where i was before . i was .. on earth ... again , and sustaining my injuries , i cried in pain in the sidewalk , as people came to my rescue , and wonder how i even injured myself that way . newline newline this occurrence then continued on to the present day , with each jump  , as i would like to call them , to other worlds varying in substance from the world before , so its a new world , in some way , with each new jump . i also came to the habit of testing what can do in these worlds . in some worlds its plain sea , in others i am instantly wound in a void . in all cases of experiments i was clueless , in all cases i understood that the moment i am near death i return to the earth , and in all cases i knew that i was the only one in that world ... or so i thought . newline newline on one evening as i lay in bed to sleep , i suddenly jumped once more . this world was a stranger world from what i ve seen before , as in all worlds gravity , solids , liquids , gases , light , and physical concepts are all the same and followed the established rules as that of the earth . but in this world its different . newline newline in this world i suddenly obtained what seemed to be powers i never had . i was able to bend many things to my will to some extent , and to add the cherry on top i was able to fly ! and boy was that a good time for me . i continued on to play with this world , for about 6 hours as i thought that i was a god on that world . but all this slowly came to a halt in a progression of events as i was taken from this world . newline newline first came were sounds , initially indiscernible from sounds i ve heard before , then came ringing , slow ringing through what appeared to be the sky , it was heard from everywhere , and i was unable to locate as to where the locality of it was , the ringing went on to reverberate for a few minutes so i settled down to see what would happen . newline newline to my immediate surprise and panic , as i landed from my flight , i was greeted and taken aback by another person . she was standing there , and seemingly watched me as i bended the world to my will , unfazed , just in a blank gaze to my general direction . with her first word of hello  a long pause then finally time to wake up  . newline newline the world suddenly grew in chaos , i was frozen in a spot , as all things crumbled before my eyes . all my powers gone as i watched what i thought was my domain dissolved , and finally a flash in my eyes blinding me from seeing that girl and the world . and i woke up . newline newline edit : something somethingcarlson peered around his environment , looking down at his compass , then back up at the endless stretch of glossy green foliage surrounding him . the rain was beating heavily down on him , but the light of the sun was a blessing . newline he took in a deep breath and stuffed the compass into his pocket , taking out his map and giving it a good look over . newline  that s two turns we should nt have made , now we re boned .  eriks said behind him , followed by an audible groan of frustration . carlson closed his eyes for a moment , the heat of the forest beating down on him as he tried to focus . newline  maybe we should just.. go back ?  eriks said , stepping a bit closer to his companion . newline  i do nt know .  carlson said with a tone of distress ,  i knew i should nt have led this dig . i m never the leader , i m just the artifact guy .  newline he threw the map down onto the dirt , letting it get soggy and dirty as he paced back and forth . the young archaeologist ripped his glasses off of his face and rubbed them into his shirt , causing more smudge on the lens .  fuck my life .  he muttered , placing them back onto his face . it obscured his vision greatly . newline newline eriks took the map from beneath carlson s feet , brushing it off to the best of his abilities . he turned his baseball cap around on his head , reversing it . newline  relax , throwing the equipment out is nt going to help . maybe it s best we make camp or something , wait until tomorrow ?  he said . newline  that might be our only option at this point .  carlson said as he sipped water from his flask . newline eriks set the map down on a nearby rock , the flattest he could find , which was asking a lot of the environment at this time . he studied it patiently , tugging on the patch of hair on his chin . carlson wandered the vicinity , brushing his hands against the odd colored plants and leaves . he thought the mixture of greens and purples and oranges all mixed together to create a wonderful , but confusing alien environment . newline newline just then , eriks perked up a bit where he sat , holding the map a bit closer to his face . he looked to his right , squinting his eyes .  this way .  he said ,  we re not that far out , you dork . you led us in circles .  newline carlson rubbed the back of his head in embarrassment , then ran a fully palmed hand down his wet face . newline  i told you , i m not the leader .  newline  i m not looking for excuses , i m looking for a way out .  eriks said , approaching him and pointing to the previous parts of their journey , particularly a large patch of dense forest to the east . newline  we thought we were making progress , but that part right there was too big . we must have lost track somewhere , it s not your fault .  he said , patting carlson on the shoulder and giving his colleague a halfhearted smile . in his head , eriks had assumed that carlson was more clueless to navigating than a drunken , unqualified boating captain . newline newline carlson bowed his head in shame ,  just get us out of here . i ll collect water for a week for this mishap .   you worry too much . you stress out and you ca nt focus .  newline  that s a trait on my mother s side and you know it .  newline the two had begun to long trek back to their base camp with carlson in the rear , constantly muttering and complaining under his breath the entire way .i always thought i could withstand torture pretty well and i did for about twenty minutes . newline newline i had screamed and struggled to get free , generally thinking i was giving them a pretty good show , but they had grown tired of that game pretty quickly . newline newline so they brought in my family . susan and the twins and even the little one . my family is where i draw the line . i would have told them anything if they only let my family in peace , heck i would even have stayed here , as their little plaything . there was just one little problem . newline newline andrew had found my family , too . showed me a picture two days back . and if word got out that i talked to mickey s men ... i did nt want to finish the thought . newline newline mickey would only kill them , but there s no telling what andrew would have done to them , so i decided the best way to protect my family was keeping my mouth shut and watching them die . newline newline try explaining that to susan .luke  we ve got to go back ! said ben kenobi , his wild grey hair blowing in the tatooine wind . his shuttle seemed to have come out of thin air . newline newline  ben ! what are you doing here ?  shouted a thrilled luke . newline newline  it s your grandparents luke , something has to be done about your grandparents ! hurry , get in the shuttle and i will explain it all on the way .  newline newline  the way ? where are we going ben ?  newline newline the old man s eyes gleemed mischievously .  not where luke  when !  newline newline     newline newline  from my point of view the enchantment under the stars is the event of the millenium  anakin said to his jedi chaperone .  but you did nt even let me bring my lightsabre . how will i possibly impress the princess now ?  . newline newline  have patience anakin . you do nt need to impress women with lightsabers . instead , try using your charm .  replied the young obiwan kenobi.  newline newline  there she is ! padme.. she is so beautiful  anakin swooned . newline newline  then walk over and tell her that .  advised obiwan . newline newline  oh master kenobi , it s not that easy .  newline newline  just try anakin .  newline newline anakin headed over to where padme stood . when he was only a few steps away three large boys walked in front of him . newline newline  hey freak , where do you think you re going ?  said the largest kid , a bearlike alien called boff . newline newline  to talk to the princess , now move out of my way .  said anakin , sounding braver than he felt . newline newline the kids laughed .  why would she want to speak to you ? but do nt worry i know someone who does want a word with you.. her name is princess fist and she has five lovely children who are dying to meet you .  newline newline the punch took anakin by suprise and laid him out . obiwan ran over to his side .  that was a foolish thing to do children..  newline newline  oh was it ?  said boff .  dad ! dad !  a man with a red head covered with horns walked over . newline newline  problem here kenobi ?  newline newline  uh n no mr maul , me and my student were just leaving .  newline newline     newline newline  did you see that ben ?  cried luke  we have got to do something !  newline newline  i ca nt believe i was so yellow .  ben said sadly . newline newline forget that ben , if we do nt get anakin and padme to kiss , i will possibly never be born !  newline newline luke looked around . the jazz band had left their 12 string anti grav guitar on stage and it caught his attention.  newline newline  i think i ve got a plan.. the dreams are strange . they come onebyone or all at once , clambering over each another in a howling , violent mass , each determined to be the first to tear into my soft subconscious . newline i stand on a hill and watch them as they pass . the ground beneath my feet is pale pink , warm , covered in a viscous substance . it smells like cerebral fluid . newline they do nt spot me . they never do . newline newline somewhere far away from here , jeanne is tugging at my sleeve . i can feel it , in a distant sort of way , but i do nt want to leave quite yet . jeanne is not the girl of my dreams . the girl of my dreams  of these dreams  would be violent , untamed , terrible for me . always hunting , always looking for prey . newline jeanne is not the girl of my dreams . like everything else in my life , she is a compromise . newline newline a dream covered in fine dark spines turns its snuffling head towards me . it sniffs the air . there is something dragging from its mouth , crushed between those enormous molars . a childhood memory , perhaps . it is of no matter . they keep me company in here  they can eat what they like . newline as if in response to the thought , it lumbers closer . newline newline in the outside world , jeanne is saying something . scolding . she hates it when i go into my head while she s talking . she calls it zoning out  . newline i call it something else entirely . newline newline the dream is so close i can smell the thick stench of its leathery hide . like mildew , like death . the other dreams are watching , thousands of beady eyes suddenly intent on my face . newline  eat me , then ,  i tell it .  go on . you will anyway . nothing i can do about it .  newline it tilts its head to the side , as though it can understand me , as though it would care if it could . i step closer . newline but jeanne s calling . newline newline the transition back to the real world is abrupt , painful , impossible to pinpoint from the outside . newline  wake up ,  she says . newline  are you even listening to me ? !  she says . newline my head hurts . i ca nt reply . newline  you look pale . are you okay ?  she says .  you zoned out again . what s going on ?  newline the woman before me is small and beautiful and dull . i do not know her name . newline but there s a sudden pain in my head , and i remember  the memory blurry , as if from a long , long time ago  that whoever she is , she is kind . and sweet . and honest . newline newline she is not the girl of my dreams .i do nt make the papers . there s nothing in the news about a fancy killer with a catchy name . just bodies . bloodied bodies that suffered blunt force trauma from an as yet unidentified weapon . the police with their precious prophetess ca nt find a murder weapon . no weapon , no motive , no manhunt . newline newline their mistake was in letting slip the secret of their seer rhyming couplets reused in headlines , gobbled up by ravenous readers . they were always caught blind when the found my varied victims . no rhyme or reason to be found . newline newline i almost laugh as i raise my abacus to strike again .words can not describe the man . just as marble does not describe the sculptor , nor paint capture the painter . he was a master wordsmith to the point where he not only knew what they overtly meant , but how they can be twisted just so to invoke precisely the emotion he wanted you to feel . newline newline but beyond that was that he created fictitious worlds that felt so real . whether you travelled hubwards and rimwards across discworld , or more recently stepped east and west in the twains along the long earth , you could nt help but be entranced in the universe he had captured there . you were there in a world he imagined and described so thoroughly that it felt plausible . newline newline remember the man as he was  an artist  a master  a creator of worlds that will outlive us all .log of dr. javier ramos : newline newline the larva is inside of me . jesus christ i can feel it wriggling behind my ribcage . newline newline it should nt be long now . judging by the tests we performed , i have five minutes , at most . newline newline what options do i have ? lethal dosage of drugs would act quickly enough to kill me before creature s emergence , but not the larvae itself ... no , i ca nt allow it to leave my body alive . this was my mistake and i ll be damned if i allow the rest of the ship to suffer the consequences . newline newline i ve stolen a sidearm from the armory . i m taking the little bastard with me . newline newline give my love to my family . newline newline newline dr. victor ramos pronounced kia at scene , suicide by multiple gunshots to chest . autopsy revealed no signs of parasitic contamination within ramos  body cavity . escaped xenomorph located and euthanized without incident .mom did nt come back from her weekend in vegas . instead , she got onto an airplane with a woman she d met at a casino and landed in oklahoma . the plane had landed in okc , so they had to rent a car to drive to the little town near the kansas border that was all the rage . newline newline when i looked up info about the town , i discovered that there was a funding initiative to build an international airport there as part of a proposed expansion . within the next 3 to 5 years the small little town was going to become a full blown city on the scale of stillwater and eventually get as big as tulsa . newline newline all that research came later though . the first week was spent in shock . when mom placed a video call on her tablet to the 4k tv at home  which i d finally figured out how to run as a computer monitor for every system in the house  to show us the wedding pictures , my other mom lost it . she broke down into tears and lunged at the tv . i grabbed her by the shoulders and said  not in front of the baby .  mom wrapped her arms around me and wept as i turned off the screen . i walked over to the coffee table to grab a series of remotes and turn off everything in the house . every phone , every computer . loser mom was trying to call in on every possible device and i was nt going to have it . newline newline after sitting in the silence with her as she finished crying , i asked if you needed coffee and chocolate . she did . newline newline brandy came over while i was fixing the coffee and picked up lewis from his crib and sang to him . she cooed softly before going into one of her wordless songs . as a throat singer , she s an absolute miracle . when she adds in lyrics she starts to hesitate . lewis liked the wordless songs best . newline newline after getting a fresh pot started , i carried a bottle of water and five chocolate bars into the living room . mom wolfed down the first one and washed it down . brandy looked at me with worried eyes as i mouthed  we ll talk later love .  when the timer went off announcing a fresh pot of coffee , brandy handed my brother to me and fixed three cups . she always knows how to make the perfect cup for a person she s , at least if she s met them 3 times and made one cup of coffee for them already . newline newline mine had vanilla sauce and milk . i do nt recall what she made for mom , but brandy s cup smelled like peppermint and cinnamon . we sipped our cups in silence and then i asked if lewis wanted me to put him in his day swing while i played catch with woofsley . he smiled a squeed . newline newline while outside , i tossed the ball , and our little poodle terrier caught it . over and over again , i thought about how much loser mom had insisted on getting that dog , and i hoped i d not hold it against him . i felt the urge to cry , but i held back the tears . i did nt want to upset lewis . newline newline after i laid my brother down for a nap with his stuffed bear rosiebelt  he still could nt pronounced the name right , but it would stick around on the bear long after he could  , i walked back into the living room . brandy and was holding mom with an arm around her shoulder as she weeped some more . she looked up at me , and with grim eyes and a stony smile asked  what are we gon na do now ?  this is one of the things i love about brandy , in the worst of times , she puts on a viking woman s face and looks for a solution . newline newline  well , i m gon na call uncle mike and have him get ahold of his lawyer friend . i ll tell him to draw up some documents for a restraining order against all communications and then proceed with a divorce document .  newline newline  no . not a divorce .  mom looked at me with cunning eyes lit with a fire i d never seen before .  tell mike s friend to draw up a polymarriage contract . i ll accept the vegas slutnikoff as a secondary wife to lexi , but i wo nt let her walk away from me yet . make sure that the offer includes a stipulation that lexi does nt have to pay any support money to me while she and her other wife are in oklahoma .  newline newline wondering why she was being so nice , but knowing that now was nt the time to ask , i nodded . newline newline mom stood up and said  after you re down talking to mike , i want you and brandy to go upstairs and turn on a movie or a game or something . i need to get started on dinner and i do nt want you underfoot .  i started to walk into the office room and stopped as she said  oh , by the way ... close the door when you re watching the movie or playing the game . i do nt want any noise distracting me .  as i turned , she winked at me . newline newline when i hung up with mike , brandy led me into my bedroom , closed the door , grabbed the remote and put on the first movie she found on netflix . then she turned the volume up to 69 and took off her shirt . pushing me onto my bed she whispered  simone s orders my love . she wants some positive energy in the house .  newline newline two hours later , i walked down stairs with a dazed feeling . passing the hallway mirror on the way , my face had looked like a stranger to me . it was nt really sinking in yet , but my mind kept repeating  i have made love to my girlfriend in my own house , in my own room . i did nt have to sneak around . i did nt have to go over to a friends house . my mother is okay with me and brandy having sex at home .  newline newline when i got into the living room mom pulled me aside and went out to the back yard . she handed me a cigarette and then lit one herself .  so , how was it ?  newline newline i went back into the living room long enough to get a bottle of water and my lighter .  it was ... magical .  i lit my cigarette .  um ... was this your idea or ...  newline newline mom nodded .  yes . i know you and brandy have been having sex for awhile , but lexi would nt talk about it and was adamant about nothing over here . now that she s gone from our lives , i m the one who gets to decide whether or not my kid can have sex and where i m cool with it .  she turned to hug me and i put my hands up . newline newline mom paused . newline newline  not to sound ungrateful , but i m very overwhelmed right now and i m not ready for a hug at the moment .  her brow wrinkled and she started to speak before i cut her off .  i do nt mean that i wo nt hug you while we re out here , i just need a moment to collect myself ... and i think you do too .  mom looked down at her summer dress which was starting to form a tent . newline newline she blushed . newline newline  oh dear . this is nt ... i ve been thinking about all the single women i ll be able to make a pass at and ... honey , i was nt thinking about ...  newline newline as she took a gulp of water i smiled  it s okay mom . we ve talked about this before . this is nt the first boner you ve had while talking to me about sex , and it probably wo nt be the last . i suppose now that ol  what s her name is out of the picture you ll probably be keeping that .  i pointed at the tent on her dress . newline newline she blushed and smiled again . then her eyes went icy cool .  lexi , or other mom .  i blinked .  your mother is nt  ol  what s her name  she s your mother . she grew you inside of her for 10 months and brought you into this world . she s not being a very good mother to you right now , but i wo nt have you bad mouthing her . you re better than that dear .  newline newline lowering my head i nodded . mom grabbed my chin and pulled me eyes up to her .  it s okay to be angry , but do nt let it eat you alive . lexi has done a lot of good things for this family , and she ll do a lot more someday .  her hair smelled of seasoned salt and spices and she hugged me . newline newline the damn broke . newline newline to this very day i m not sure how it happened , but when i was done crying , brandy was holding me in her arms . i d not felt a single movement of muscle . no being let go or letting go , just a a continuous pair of arms and a shoulder that did nt move as i wept . mom still says that she moved aside and walked me over to brandy , but there will always be a part of me that believes that she finally figured out that teleportation ritual that she and other mom had been joking about since before i was born . newline newline when i collected myself brandy kissed me . just once . a quick brush of her lips across mine that felt like heaven stopping by to waive hello . newline newline we walked into the house , sat down at the table to plates already made and started to eat . it was the best meal i d ever eaten . the only one that ever topped it was the breakfast i made for brandy on the first morning of our honeymoon , but that s a tale for another day . newline newline after dinner , and putting lewis down to bed , we stood on the front porch watching the cars go by as we smoked our cigarettes . mom , brandy and myself . three people looking out into the world being optimistic enough to hope things would be alright , and crazy enough to believe that they would .the grating blurt of three chirps repeated several time before my hand fumbled around and clacked the snooze button on my alarm clock . groaning in protest as i buried my face into the warm embrace of my pillows before sighing heavily . i grumbled something incoherent whilst my body railed against the decision to get out of my warm cocoon duvet and away from base creature comforts .  just another five more minutes  i convinced myself as sleep slowly began to reassert its grip on me . thank god for the snooze timer . newline newline a second grating ring reached my ears and i huffed in irritation . looking over to the red display on my clock it read something along the lines of ten to nine . furrowing my brow a second ring jangled my nerves as the realization hit me that my doorbell was calling for me . a colourful curse escaped my lips as i flopped out of bed and hurriedly put on some baggy pajama trousers with my dressing gown , whoever was at the door was just going to have to deal with it . newline newline i managed to navigate the stairs and shuffled over to the door as a third ring flared my irritation and i grabbed the handle and hauled open the door with a scowl on my face . my scowl became confused as five figures stood in varying states of weariness . the one closest to me , a five foot nothing woman with dark hair , piercing eyes and a strong jaw thrust a note towards my chest and my eyes went from her to the letter and back to her . newline newline  please just ... .just read it  she said , her eyes pleading with me and my brain kicked up the gears a few notches in the startup sequence . taking the letter in hand i noticed it was scorched in a few spots . dark blotches of soot and tears signifying the bearers clearly had nt gone through normal channels to deliver it to me . i recognized the handwriting instantly and my blood began to boil as my eyes read what few words there were . newline newline  you owe me . help them  it had loosely scrawled on it , signed with a solitary letter  g  . i crumpled the paper and shut my eyes as i shook my head and raised my eyebrows .  yeah  i said as my other hand rubbed the bridge of my nose as i sighed heavily .  yeah just ... come in , kitchen s through there . should be first aid under the sink and a coffee machine next to the toaster  . i said blearily as the woman gave me an odd look .  coffee  i explained  i need my coffee . yeesh you kids have turned like ... well this  i indicated with my hand sweeping across the group .  least you can do is make me some coffee  . i turned away from the group and shuffled back inside , it took them a few confused seconds to realize i wanted them to follow me . i went into the kitchen and leant with my back to my stove , it was nt a big room but there was space enough around the table for them to tend to whatever wounds they may have accrued . as they stumbled in i looked over the group with a speculative eye . they did nt look too old , all around colleague age and clearly avid shoppers of hottopic with the amalgamation of dark and edgy clothing they were sporting . they just seemed like a couple of gawky guys and girls who were out of their depth it whatever it was they were doing . the woman who i first spoke to had something different about her though , she must have been the oldest or at least the leader of the small band . her eyes met mine as she took a seat and an uncomfortable creeping sensation spread across the back of my neck . no sooner had they retrieved the medical kit and sat down , having clearly forgotten to put the coffee on , i opened my mouth . newline newline  so what s the deal with you and this g  ?  i asked without preamble .  how did you meet them and what did you to do make them send you here ?  , i gave them a pointed look . the group shared a few sheepish looks with one another hoping that they would nt be forced to be the one to explain themselves to a total stranger . the dark haired girl spoke up . newline newline  we were  she started in a measured tone , clearly trying to do preemptive damage control  up to a few things last night and he believes we may have uh ... pissed off the wrong group  . i scowled and took a mental note of the gender of g  . a guy this time then . i remained silent and frowned as my lips tightened into a line . i was nt happy with the vagueness of the explanation and made that pointedly clear with the halflidded glare i gave her . her eyes flared in defiance and she changed her posture to a more defensive stance .  look it was nt that bad ! we just tried a few dumb things and came out with more than we expected is all  . i balled one hand and shut my eyes tight as i rubbed the bridge of my nose for a second time in five minutes , a new record by my count . newline newline  alright look . gabriel does nt just call in a favor like this and i want to help you . i m not going to be able to if you are nt straight with me . if you ve done some dumb shit then fine , whatever . we all have at some point but you must ve really pissed off someone down there  i pointed downwards to the floor .  to warrant getting a letter from gabriel and coming to me  . the group sat in stunned silence just as i heard my porch door slide open and i rolled my eyes and pushed off the stove and made a move towards the front door . the girls eyes widening in surprise and something else  fear . this was nt good . newline newline i opened the front door before a well dressed man in a pinstripe suit could press the doorbell . a well cut head of hear , clean shaven and immaculate complexion complemented dark eyes as they looked me over and a slight curl of the lip indicated he was mildly disgusted at my pyjama trousers and fluffy dressing gown . newline newline  mr smith . i believe that you may be harboring a known group of troublemakers and i would really very much appreciate it if i could perhaps take them off your hands  he said with a distinctly british accent . i sighed and my decaffeinated brain complained at the lack of sustenance . leaving has always been hard for me , mostly because there s so few people i care about the thought of never seeing them again is unbearable . i ve always relished in the lie , i ll be back next year ,  or i ll come visit .  the best lies are the ones that put off the pain for as long as possible , at least they re the best until you have to feel it . newline it happened first when i left my grandpa s house in cumberland one saturday . we hugged goodbye and i did nt want to let go . my skin went cold and his body felt surreal like if i let go he would just dissolve and fade away . the entire ride home my stomach churned and my knuckles were white around the sweaty leather steering wheel . newline the next day i got a call that he had passed in his sleep . newline it began to happen constantly and it would effect me gradient depending on my attachment to the person . my college professor gave me chills when he told me congratulations after graduation . my best friend made me vomit and shake helplessly for an hour . sometimes i ll simply walk by a stranger and my vision will blur .  newline  why are you telling me all of this ?  he asked quietly . newline  because you re giving me chills . i sat waiting at the bus stop as i did every day and sitting across the street same as all the other days , he sat . an older man , bearded and wearing the same dirty layers he wore the first time i d seen him nearly a month ago . newline newline most days i d roll my eyes at the sight of him , rattling that cup of money around , begging . why do nt you just get a job ?  i d think at him . there are shelters if you re desperate , you re just not willing to try .  newline newline occasionally i would wonder what his story was , wonder if i was judging him too quickly but before i could give it much thought , my bus would arrive and i d be on my way to classes for the day . newline newline today , something happened . newline newline a group of guys walk over to him and start taunting him , calling him names . i can see my bus coming a few streets away , and am glad that i ll be out of here soon . i try to avoid looking in the direction of the action , but inevitably i end up looking back to watch . humans are so weird the way we ca nt seem to look away from a train wreck situation . newline newline just as my bus is pulling up to the stop in front of me , i watch the thugs snatch away the cup of change from the homeless man s hand and kick him square in the face . i jump , hand flying to my mouth as the bus blocks my view . without thinking , i jump to my feet and run right around the bus and , carefully checking for oncoming traffic , cross the street . newline newline laying on his side is the man , holding his bleeding face while the men hurry away from him , laughing . i take out a handkerchief from my pocket and offer it to him . graciously he takes it from my hands , dabbing at his nose and behind us the bus drives off . if i make it to class today , i ll be very late . newline newline as my attention gives itself fully to the man , i hear myself saying  i m so sorry .  thought i m not really sure why i m apologizing . he does nt respond , a look of defeat in his eyes .  can i take you to get something to eat ?  i offer . he does nt give me much of an answer , but i decide that if he does nt refuse i ll take him . i help pull him to his feet and walk at a slow pace with him to the mcdonalds a few blocks ahead . newline newline i sit down with him in a booth for a moment , he s still wearing that same look of defeat . i want to encourage him somehow but i find myself at a loss for words . i ve never been in his shoes , in fact i do nt even know what his story really is . before i can even think it over , those are the next words finding their way out of my mouth . newline newline  what s your story ?  he looks up at me and as our eyes meet i can see a life behind his . a long and hard life . his face is worn and his hands are weak and as he begins telling his story , my imagination runs wild with the images he paints with his words . newline newline he tells me about his life , the years of hard work , his happiest moments and his worst . how he lost everything , and the way it broke him . he tells me about the homeless shelter he worked while he himself slept under it s roof and about the young folks he taught to work even when age prevented him to be accepted for the positions he helped them excel in . i sit across from this man , fascinated by the history in his words , the life he s lived and the places marked with his footprints . but the end of his story broke my heart more than i thought a strangers words ever could . newline newline  i m dying .  he said with unsteady breath .  i m dying and i just hoped ... that i could do something with my last days . i m old and worn and ca nt work anymore , but i can sit . that money was going to go to a charity to help people in need . i did nt even pick a charity , but i planned on figuring it out once i had enough to donate . i wanted it to be my final act of kindness . but now ...  his eyes filled with tears . i moved to sit in the space beside him on the booth and wrapped my arm around him . i did nt speak , i just sat with him . newline newline newline that was two years ago . the old man has been gone for a year and a half but his story still weighs on my heart . i donate every month to charities around the world under his name , even when it means i eat the same peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for a week . bernard washburne may have died with only my hand holding his , but i hope to make his heart something everyone thinks about when they hear his name . i hope to spread his story to many corners of the world , so that people will join hands in his memory . the world is full of terrible people and terrible things , which is exactly why a story like his is vital . to show that no matter how brutally life beats you down you can always inspire people . i think that s a mindset everyone in the world could benefit from practicing .once , there was green everywhere . the world was wreathed in it . the air smelled of it , and the river reflected it . it is still , but if one looks hard enough , one can see that its edges are fraying and blurring grey and black and soot and bone . newline newline was his crime so unforgivable . to leave the green and return smelling wrongly , dirt and grime clinging to his coat . yes . they ve come now , to bite and tear and burn  because of him they ve come . dark and terrible . misshapen and cruel as wolves . but wolves are few . they are many .  newline newline the world sings still , but the song has changed . only a little . there is an echo , as if it sounds through an empty chamber . newline newline better to run than to squirrel away . no place is safe . safe from the men that used to come with guns and dogs maybe . not from them . men can be hidden from . dogs , reasoned with . from these . things . only running .  newline newlinemy girlfriend just broke up with me . she told me she was  too tired of this shit ,  and that i was  too complicated .  i hated her for saying it , but i could nt argue  i knew it was true . i had gotten it from every girlfriend in high school , and now , the girl i thought was the love of my college career , gave it to me , too . i m immune . newline newline for as long as i can remember , my life has been simply that : complicated . at five , my parents and i got into a car accident , leaving me as an orphan  at seven i was in my fourteenth foster home  and then when i finally thought it was getting easier at thirteen , my adoptive parents turned out to be natureworshiping hippies , who ate a diet of foods found solely in their backyard , and believed that loving anyone besides each other was a sin in the eyes of mother nature . this left me desperate and hungry desperate for food and hungry for attention and affection . i eventually got a job , but even that was a pain in the ass . i turned 18 on the day i graduated high school and left for pittsburgh , renting an apartment for the summer with the money i saved up and starting college in late august . that went okay for a while , until i met this girl , susan . she thought i was complicated , but truth be told , i ve never met a more complicated girl in my life . she wanted everything to be perfect grades , body , plans , everything . when things did nt go her way she flared her stupid little nostrils and manipulated everyone who crossed her path . i could nt provide her that stable perfection , and she could nt provide me with the affection i so desperately craved . newline newline sue and i were done , which left only school for me to focus on . until today . i had a breakdown in front of my orgo professor ... and the rest of the lecture hall . i knew there was something wrong with me , but it has never been this bad . one thing led to another and eventually i was called in by the dean of pitt and suspended from school  until further notice .  he thought it would be best for me to  take a break from life for a while .  so i bought a train ticket and headed back to the town my parents died in . i thought i would go to city hall and request my birth certificate , as well as my mom s and dad s death ones . the woman at the desk was weary of giving it to me , warning that what i would see is usually confidential information . i disregarded her obviously artificial care and went to the back room to claim the envelopes , then walked out to the laboratory where i planned on continuing my plan . all i had to do was take my birth certificate and put in the envelope with my parents  death certificates , then we could all be buried together tomorrow morning . it seemed convoluted to me at times the simplistic way that one could just request death but i supposed it was a good idea for the hopelessly depressed , like myself . newline newline i opened the envelope and figured i might as well glance at the certificate , which , to my surprise , was more of an electronic ipad looking thing than a piece of card stock . i scrolled around through the settings and applications , realizing quickly that there was a lot more involved in the birth and life of a child than i thought . finally , i got to the  options screen ,  seeing the choices : intelligence , profession , passion , and difficulty . all but the latter were grayed out , preventing me from further exploration . i tapped on difficulty . mine was set to hard . nauseas but enlightened , i realized why my parents died and i had been dealt such a shitty deck of cards . they chose a hard life for me . after the initial anger and resentment towards mom and dad , i realized that they only did it for my own good . they did nt want everything to be merely handed to me  they wanted me to work . they never could have predicted their deaths or my distracted adoptive parents or my battle with mental illnesses . i could nt stay mad . if anything , i felt refreshed . i spent so long trying to figure out why everyone around me seemed to have it so much easier , but now it all made sense . my mind raced and the room spun as the woman from the front desk came bursting through the doors , lips pursed , heels clogging , and eyes squinted . she wanted to know what was taking so long , and if i still wanted to put in that request . i told her no , and asked if i could return my parents  envelope but keep mine . she rolled her heavily mascaraed eyes , saying i should have read the manual , that of course that is what i would be doing , that that was the policy . i resealed the envelope and her cold , veiny hands snatched it back . her snobby chin motioned to the back door and , happily , i exited . for the next two hours  in the hotel room i rented  i paced back and forth , eventually deciding that it was probably best to read the manual . lo and behold , it is possible to change the settings . newline newline so now i lay here , undecided with a lump in my throat . everything sucks . there is not even a chance for me to get back into pitt , as the dean requires suspended students to remain within a 50 mile radius of the school if they wish to return . i broke that requirement , susan broke up with me . i do nt want to die , but this twisted form of euthanasia is making me sick , as i know it is probably the best option . i know that if i just go through the next few levels of difficulty , i can go back to the beginning and have it easy . maybe then i ll find a good job , go back to school , and settle down with a woman who actually cares about me . i know if i get to that level , i ll have money and will no longer have to worry about anything even remotely serious . but my parents they wanted me to work hard . they did nt want me to slack off only to become rich or famous accidentally . they had a dream for me . they chose this like they chose how smart i d be , and like they chose my brown hair and green eyes . it s a part of who i am , but i do nt know if it s who i want to be . are you sure they re zombies ?  leon cocked an eyebrow at his friend . jamie , phd and medical doctor to boot , nodded gravely . newline newline  they re undead . they re falling apart , man . it s completely gross to look at one .  newline newline  and you ... created these things in your lab ?  newline newline jamie looked toward the floor . both of his hands were on the diner table , tightening slightly . after a few moments pause he gave a quick nod . newline newline  so ... i dunno man . beer stealing creatures of the undead does nt scream zombie to me . where s the terror ? the apocalypse ? brad pitt doing impossible feats while still maintaining perfect hair ?  newline newline jamie frowned .  i should nt even be telling you this . it s top secret . they re biohazards . i could be arrested for treason .  newline newline  because you created a faux zombie ?  newline newline  they are nt faux !  jamie hit his first against the table .  these are real zombies , leon . and the government is planning something . something sinister and real and it very well may lead to the next apocalypse . newline newline leon looked around at the mostly empty tavern . jamie s outburst had caused a few of the heads to turn their way . leon shot then a small apologetic smile . newline newline he lowered his voice and leaned toward jamie .  say they are zombies . they do nt eat brains , they just drink beer . what s wrong with that ? so we make more beer .  newline newline jamie s face had turned a shade of green . he looked down at the table . newline newline  there s some really important detail you re leaving out here ,  leon said . newline newline  i ... i ll be fired . i ll be arrested for treason .  newline newline  why . there just in a lab , right ?  newline newline jamie hung his head a little further . then after a moment he shook it from side to side .  they wanted to experiment . so they sent them to colleges . it was years ago that they started doing this . they did nt expect the ... reaction . the zombies look like normal people . they just survive on beer and it s fine but ... but ... shit , leon . they re starting to be more aggressive . they re breaking laws . they re starting to be violent .  newline newline  you sent them to universities ? how do you keep tabs on them .  newline newline jamie looked around the bar before leaning close .  you know what a fraternity is ?  why ?  , god asked . god asked . it was nt rhetorical , i even felt that he did nt ask to teach me something , or to convey a message to me he really asked because he wanted to know . i was honestly impressed for the first time since i ve wandered through the gates of heaven . i answered with a question myself : newline newline  you should know that , should nt you ?  newline newline  if i would know everything , i would also know how to create information i do nt know , and that s exactly why i created your species .  newline newline  interesting , alright i ll stay alive a few minutes longer and tell you . newline you know why the stars are shining in the sky ?  newline newline  you do nt want me to answer that question , answer it yourself like you intend to .  newline newline  the stars are shining only because there is darkness in between , if the whole sky would shine you could nt see even the biggest star . it s the same with happiness . i m living here in heaven absolutely happy , however there is no unhappiness anymore , there is no darkness anymore . i ca nt be happy here , because happiness here does nt exist . it s all the same . and that s why i want you to kill me , i do nt want to feel this happiness anymore , because it s no different from any other time . in fact i already ceased to exist , the moment i died and achieved the immortal happiness .  newline newline  so you finally realized .  newline newline and that was when the last piece of the puzzle fell in place . newline with this last bit of information my soul finally found peace . newline however with the last bit of my consciousness i decided to impress god a second time . newline newline  what will happen to me now ?  newline newline  your the first soul i have ever tried this out on , so i ll tell you . not that it matters anyway . i ll take all your memories from you , and put you into one of those bodies again . you may really cease to exist in the process , however that s all i can do for you . you re fine with that ?  newline newline the moment i agreed the last bit of my mind was obliterated . newline and in that same moment on a little unimportant planet in an unimportant solar system in an unimportant galaxy in an unimportant universe , a new living being started to exist .they gave me an egg . newline newline an egg . on my 18th birthday . newline newline i did not know how to react . my father just said  hmm , that s odd .  newline newline for the record , it was a big ass egg , about a foot high . the messengers came during the night and deposited the box on our doorstep . we found it in the morning . i thought it was just a normal package until i saw the card with my name on it . the card bore the high castle s seal . i tore open the box , fearing whatever was inside would suffocate . and then i saw the egg . newline newline underneath was a booklet entitled  how to care for your new pet .  like some fucking user manual . i carried the box inside and spent a good while just staring at the egg . was it an ostrich ? i knew ostriches had really big eggs ? but why not just give me a full grown one ? i did nt mind an ostrich , although i had no fucking clue how it was supposed to reflect my personality . i gave up thinlking and opened the booklet . the first thing on it was  place the egg over heat , preferably a fire place .  newline what ? are you kidding me ? they want me to cook it ? i went through the rest of the pages and it was mostly eggheatgood . newline newline maybe the high castle was having a laugh . maybe they picked a random name and said  let s dump this egg on him , maybe have him cook it for us .  maybe my real pet is nt gon na be delivered until much later in the day , i thought . i sighed and rose , but , just for good measure , dumped the egg in the still hot fireplace . there was still that chance . newline newline nothing else arrived that day . before going to bed , i glanced out my window at the high castle . the high castle sat on top of the highest mountain and was visible to everyone below .  fuck you ,  i whispered . it was a daily ritual . the people in the high castle were treated as gods , and they sure as hell acted as if they were . they trampled on  low  people like ants . the only decent thing they did was not keeping the animals to themselves . i did nt know where the animals came from , but i knew the high castle only acted as an intermediary , ensuring the right animal went to the right name . i gave the castle one last glare and went to bed . newline newline it was months before the egg gave any sign of hatching . i kept a fire going for it out of habit , not really expecting anything to actually come out . but , one morning as i was stoking the fire , i heard the soft crack , quickly followed by louder cracks . soon , i could see something dark trying to poke out a hole . a claw ? do ostriches have claws ? i rolled the egg out of the fireplace and helped the creature pick at the thick shell . the head came out first , and then something slimy and leathery . the thing had four limbs and a tail . it kind of looked like lizard except for the leathery thing draped on its body . i took a hesitant hand to it and pulled it up , and quickly dropped it back . holy shit . there is no way this is real . no way . newline newline the creature gave a tiny sneeze and then spread its still slimy wings . it folded them back and shook itself , like some dog getting rid of water . the creature looked at me straight in the eye and gave a toothy yawn . i stared back at it , still chanting holy shit in my head . all of a sudden a picture of the high castle came to my mind , sitting smug at the top of the mountain . and then i looked at the creatures  wings . it s going to be strong , i thought , strong enough to fly that high . newline newline i have never laughed so hard in my life .i stood , washing the dishes , staring out into the backyard . the whole family were out there , milling around , laughing and chatting , unaware of the monster that walked amongst them . i tried to focus on my hands , to take my mind off the situation , but it was hard . my fingers slipped across the soapy porcelain , circling below the bubbles , but my mind still wandered and my eyes soon followed . i was staring at her again . newline in the middle of the yard sat my grandmother , the matriarch . she laughed and joked with my nephews and patted my mother on the arm , but i knew . i knew what she had planned . newline it had all began this morning when i came home from work . i d opted for a night shift , partly for an excuse to leave my mom s party early , and partly because i was desperate for the money . i mean , here i am , a 34 year old guy , still living with his parents . anyway , i d come home to find my grandmother asleep in her chair . i thought her peaceful , beautiful even , in that morning light but after seeing what she had scribbled on her crossword puzzle , i was unsure how to feel . newline i finished up the dishes and made my way outside . i , of course , had to stop the carnage that was about to unfold . what i had nt counted on was what she was going to use as a weapon . i was too late . newline as soon as i stepped outside , my grandmother stood up from her wheelchair and drew my father s pistol from her purse . she swung the gun around the garden , seeming to decide who to murder first . everyone had stopped dead  they knew this was nt a joke any more . newline she moved the gun towards my mother , then towards my aunt and then upwards towards my father . and then she did something that made my whole body run cold  she smiled . no . smiled is nt the right word , she grinned . a most evil grin . newline as she turned to choose her victim , i made my way ever so slowly towards her . suddenly , the gun snapped towards me . she fired . i went down . newline newline when i opened my eyes again i realised that she had missed . her older eyes , hidden by milkbottlethick glasses , must be failing her . i was sweating as i watched her attempt to reload . her long , bony fingers shook as she slid the second bullet home . newline before she could draw the gun up to height i lunged forwards and snatched it from her frail grasp , and threw it towards my brother . he stowed it in his jeans , staring incredulously , unsure what to make of the situation . newline i knelt down beside my grandmother and took hold of her hand as she burst into angry tears  now she was shaking with rage , not age . newline  you have to listen to me grandma ,  i said .  you ca nt kill people .  she looked directly into my eyes , her gaze piercing mine with daggers of hate . she opened her mouth to speak but i held up my hand .  no grandma , you ca nt . and certainly not because of the insurance .  newline her face dropped and for a moment she took on a stillness that frightened me . and then her brows drew together and she was angry again .  i knew what you were planning , you were silly enough to write it down last night . but grandma , you have to understand , life insurance means that we , the family , get money on your death , not the other way around . you were expecting a big payout if you killed us , yes ?  she allowed her features to soften and realisation swept over her . a single tear fell from her glassy eyes .  but it s okay grandma , we forgive you ,  i said , rising to my feet . and then my father took over , trying to console her and explaining further what the terms of her insurance were . but it was alright , i knew it was going to be alright  this same thing happens every year . and as crazy as it sounds , i hope the same thing happens next year too . at least she d still be with us . welcome him aboard .  newline newline the door slides into the ceiling , allowing the terran ambassador to pad his way into the hall . he holds his head high , unabashed , determined to show that his civilisation will not bow to any galactic power . newline newline he announces his entry :  meow .  newline newline  good morrow , ambassador fluffles !  chirps the lead attendant , standing before him with his two assistants .  may we show you to your accomodation ? we have been informed of your planet s customs and have procured the finest bedding for you . do you have any other requests ?  newline newline the ambassador answers them with a shrill chirp , which is met with some confusion by the attendant :  something to ... chew on ?  he repeats the chirp , somewhat more brusquely , and the attendant stammers out an apology .  i beg your forgiveness , most noble ambassador . i will fetch you your playthings personally , in order to ensure that your stay aboard our ship is as comfortable as possible . meanwhile , my fellow attendants will show you to your accomodation .  he gives his fellow attendants a nudge with two of his arms , attempting to be subtle and failing . they respond with sharp , alert nods . or rather , a lazy approximation of sharp , alert nodding . newline newline desperately wishing for a holiday , the lead attendant squeaks out a formality   enjoy your stay !   and makes a speedy exit . newline newline  newline newline galactic unionist angal has been conversing with the ambassador for the past four time units . hostile barbs have given way to official discussion and then to spirited chat , with the unionist now squirming gleefully in her sitting bowl : the cat s charm and sophistication have certainly made an impression . newline newline  oh , ambassador ,  she gurgles .  you are the most witty and wellmannered man i have ever met . how did your species come to enjoy such prosperity ?  newline newline  rrrowl ,  he says , dipping his head . newline newline  a symbiotic relationship with one of the lesser species , you say ?  newline newline the ambassador s ears twitch .  purrrr . skree !  newline newline  yes , it does sound like a very amusing arrangement . they treat you like nobility with nothing asked in return ? why , it seems only right that you take advantage of them so !  she chuckles , her third and fourth eyes creasing up . newline newline looking upon the ambassador kindly , angal holds out her hand .  you have entertained me , ambassador . or fluffles , if i may be allowed the honour ?  fluffles headbutts her frooth appendage in a friendly , affirmative gesture .  oh , you cheeky thing ! alright . fluffles , your planet is hereby accepted into the galactic union . let us sign the official documents , then attend the party being held by the alphan prince . tell me , fluffles , have you ever skated on a planet s rings ?  newline newline and with a single pawprint put to paper , a new member is welcomed into the alliance . long would these bonds of friendship hold , bringing on a new golden age of interplanetary cooperation , right up until the incident when consul fluffles xvii peed on her exuberant alphan majesty s chair . that started a war .james hitched his belt a little higher and strolled into the office . it was five minutes to five , and the dmv wouldn  t open for another hour . that hour was all the time he had to finish this . he walked over to the little cubicle situated under the  window 3  sign . he nervously logged into the system , and checked the time signature at the bottom right of the screen . it read 5:56 , just as he had programmed it to . this way , an hour ahead , he could have an hour in the morning and an hour in the evening to work privately . he opened the file he  d cleverly called  gentleman  s literature  , grinning to himself . it was a running joke in the office  that the creepy , hunched over , balding james gratner had a porn folder . newline  if only they knew  , he thought to himself , the grin disappearing as he scrolled through the file . newline newline in the file were dozens of pictures of dead girls , all of the same age , build , hair color , and reputation . the police knew of their physical similarities , but were baffled as to how all these women who hailed from different towns were connected . sure , they clearly played to the sexual fantasy of the serial killer who had murdered them , but other than their bodies there was no connection between them . sarah gillian , the first , had had no contact whatsoever with any of the others . and vice versa . no connection . except he knew . newline newline james took a deep breath , and ran over the facts in his mind . the one similarity all the girls possessed was the dmv . sure , thousands of people came in every week to fix their various problems , but all 49 victims had visited the dmv within a week of their deaths , ranging over a period of 13 years . he cracked his knuckles , and hacked into the database . his fingers raced over the keyboard as he crossreferenced all the services provided to the victims . he froze as his computer dumped the jackpot onto his lap . they had all received their licenses in the weeks leading to their deaths . not only that , the lowly clerk that had arranged all of their practical assessments was the same . he had found the connection . he had found the killer . it had to be . the profile fit  the clerk was a loner , obsessiveconvulsive , paranoid , and had had childhood trauma . newline newline james smiled the biggest smile he  d smiled in years as he began to change the name of the clerk . newlinei d always wondered what it would be like to go blind . newline newline i mean , it ca nt be just that you see nothing but blackness . because if you do nt have eyes , you ca nt really see an absence of light , can you ? newline newline i do nt know , but i will soon enough . newline newline the empty road stretches before me , dashed lines flash alongside the small rental hatchback . newline newline huh . i wo nt be able to drive anymore , i probably should have sprung for something more interesting to drive . or maybe i should have rented a bike . i ll miss riding . it ll be interesting to try to sell the bikes without being able to use the internet myself . newline newline the doctors told me that i should nt wait . that i needed to have the surgery today . i told them that another twenty four hours probably would nt kill me . well , it probably could , but this is worth it . i need this . newline newline the stars are bright tonight . i d like to see the moon again , but i m glad it s not out.. out here , it s dark enough to see the whole milky way stretch across the sky above me . i d love to stop and spend more time looking at it without a telescope , but i m barely going to make it already . maybe after . newline newline i see the sign for my exit and slide off the freeway . it s been a long few days , and the last minute flight had wiped out most of my savings , but it will be worth it . newline newline heck , i m lucky i even have a chance like this . it s amazing how hard it is to find these days , between all of the technological advances over the last decade or two , nobody has time to go out , sit down , and enjoy themselves anymore . and owners are nt going to waste valuable time showing something that everyone s already seen . newline newline i follow the winding , two lane road for a few miles before i start to see the lights of the small town glowing above the hills . it was quaint , with the last vestiges of lost americana clinging on for dear life . i smile to myself . newline newline i pull into the parking lot lit by the glow of a flickering neon sign and extricate myself from the little korean car . i really should have picked something better , but at least there are nt any other cars in the lot to compare it to . newline newline i step up to the building and hand a wad of cash to a boredlooking teenager and continue on inside . only room is active now , and it s about to start . newline newline not surprisingly , i appear to be the only one in the room . this place s website said that it would be closing soon . it s a bit sad , but understandable . i m glad it lasted long enough to give me this chance . to see it the way it was supposed to be seen . newline newline i swear i can see a cloud of dust puff up around me as i sit down in one of the ancient chairs . almost the moment that i get myself settled , the room begins to dim as faint blue letters appear on the screen before me . newline newline  a long time ago , in a galaxy far , far away ...  newline newline my eyes begin to water . newline newline it s not the cancer .i look to the left and right , everyone frozen waiting for my move . i knew they knew . they had to . nobody who decided to play against me did nt do the research first . i was good , no i was lucky . you do nt live in this game long if you are unlucky . newline newline holding two cards , looking down a red two face up staring back at me . all or nothing on this . nobody plays this game for this much money , what am i doing ? ! newline newline i should just get up now , walk away . they would never let me do that . too much money on the line . people are always convinced that i cheat , they wanted to make sure i was nt going to take them for everything . two cards in my hand . newline newline after being the best for so long you start to look for a challenge , but even in these underground games this just seems too easy . like they want me to win . but who could part with that much money . millions ... on a card game ? ! newline newline one tournament win after another and years later look where i am . in an underground club , playing for millions of dollars with some of the best and most ruthless players of this niche game . but , after a long and grueling game , with everything on the line . newline newline this was it , time to take it all and walk out . i grabbed my green 2 card and placed it down . holding a wild in my hand i said the one word that made the table shake . newline newline newline  uno bond . james bond . newline newline that s how he introduced himself . it seemed a bit silly to me at first , but i had to admit it had a certain mysterious charm to it . the same sort of charm seemed to hang around the man himself like a cloud , along with a sort of primal darkness . i could see in his eyes that he had killed before . many times . newline newline we met in a bar in tangiers . i was on my honeymoon , having just married the sweetest man in the world . my husband unfortunately had to work while we vacationed , but i did nt begrudge him that . i could nt fairly expect to come first all the time , even when it seemed important to me . besides , we were taking four months to ourselves . a day here and there was nothing unreasonable . newline newline i was listening to the noises drift in from the streets as i sat stirring a martini when he first sidled up next to me . i do nt think he even realized i was there until i smiled at him . when i did i saw his face shift from indifference to something else . something i d been seeing in men s faces since i first started going through puberty . i knew what it was when i saw it . pure animal lust . newline newline despite myself i felt a pulse of electricity surge through me when i saw that look on his face . his eyes grey and cold as steel , jaw chiseled from marble , scars of a violent life somehow ugly by themselves but enhancing on the whole . it was a strong face on a strong man . and the most primitive parts of me wanted him instantly . newline newline it took three hours before those parts got what they wanted . only three hours and one drink . i ca nt explain what it was about him , but i wanted him . i needed him . my body ached for him . and i could see he wanted me . i could feel he wanted me . i could practically smell his desire . newline newline and yet , he resisted at first . ever the gentleman in the surface , he made just enough of a show of refusal to say at least he tried . but when he gave in , he gave in fully and without hesitation . newline newline he took me with grace i would not have expected from such a grizzled frame . his hands were strong but skilled . they searched my body and uncovered every spot of pleasure that existed , ones even i did nt know about until that night . newline newline his stumble , course and soft at the same time , prickled and caressed my neck as he bit almost savagely at my neck and shoulders . newline newline and there was anger in him as he began to know me . not at himself or me . but a general anger , a hatred of life . it added to his thirst for me , this anger at life and frustration of it s fleeting pleasures . he turned utterly primal . aggressive . as he took me again and again , i knew i never wanted any man but him .there is always something bigger and badder . newline newline after years of fighting , the armies of reddit and 4chan called truce . a new menace had appeared . a shadow on the horizon . hordes of jihadists , crusading for the equality only found in north korea , poured through the redditese and 4channic countrysides alike . an army of the paranoid and hateful , claiming even as they looted and pillaged that they were the victims . the hold of shitredditsays , was a prime target . a land of irony and selfreference , obliterated in favor of a police state , full of gestapostyle downvote torture . newline the genderless , they called themselves . escapees reported that in their spartan culture , the not bowing down to them was a hate crime . it was a crucible in which extremists worshiping feminisim could exact unfettered genocide against those of europe . newline newline tumblr had arrived .it was in the postpartum recovery room , a couple of hours after the birth , that jack first remembered to check . he reached towards the bassinet where his newborn son michael was sleeping and waved his hands , first over his son s head , then shoulders , abdomen , and finally legs . his wife mary asked ,  what are you doing ?  newline newline jack waved his hands over his son again .  checking . you know ,  he said ,  for the string .  newline newline mary , who was still exhausted from labor , closed her eyes .  we would ve noticed .  newline newline jack looked at the sleeping newborn s wrinkled face , then swept his hands around the edge of the bassinet .  are you sure ?  mary hummed confidence , then returned to sleeping . newline newline when the pediatrician came later that day , the first thing jack did was ask him ,  where s the string ?  newline newline  let s check ,  said the pediatrician , a young man with a strong jaw .  they re not hard to find if they re there .  the pediatrician waved his hand over the bassinet .  nothing . remember , some people do nt even have a string . even if he does , his soulmate may not have been born yet .  newline newline almost a year later , jack had forgotten about the string . he was in the living room that evening , watching football , when he heard a whizzing sound .  mary ?  he called .  was that you ?  newline newline  was what me ?  mary called back . newline newline it was a commercial break , so jack got up .  that sound . did you hear that ? did you  something caught his feet , but after a yelp and an awkward stumble , he regained his balance . he looked at the ground , at the clean , empty carpet .  what did i just trip on ?  newline newline  your feet , dear ,  said mary , still in the kitchen and washing dishes . newline newline jack knelt down and peered at the carpet .  no , i tripped on something .  he ran his hand along the carpet , letting the pile run between his fingers . newline newline something smooth and thin glided under jack s fingers . he stopped his hand and ran it again over the same spot . then he dug the fingers of both hands into the carpet , coming at the spot from opposite sides . when his fingers met , he lifted them , then curled his left hand shut . when he shook his hand up and down he could feel it , whatever it was , but he still could nt see it . newline newline jack took it in both hands now . he pulled it taut and looked at the indentations on his fingers .  mary ?  he said .  i m holding an invisible string .  newline newline jack followed the string , hand over hand , to michael s crib . mary turned off the sink and followed wordlessly . at the crib , jack gave the string a light tug . michael s belly button flexed . jack and mary stared at each other . then he said ,  i ll get the car . you get the diaper bag .  newline newline the string was nt hard to follow . whenever it seemed to be too loose to give them direction , they d give it a tug and it would tighten . once , while they waited at a traffic light , it got too tight , and they watched an suv run into it . michael s belly button flexed , and he giggled while the suv s tires spun and squealed against the invisible restraint . newline newline soon they were back at the hospital . the string guided them up the stairs to the maternity ward . at the nurses  desk jack was flustered .  i m here because , well , my son s belly button , it s like it has a string , and we ve been following it , so could we  newline newline  room five ,  said the nurse .  they re waiting for you .  newline newline michael had fallen asleep in the car , but the bustle of the hospital had woken him again . he wiggled his arms and legs , motioning to jack and mary to put him down . then he ran ahead to room five .  michael !  called jack , jogging to keep up .  slow down .  he caught michael s hand just as they reached the door . his throat was tight . the door seemed impenetrable , like a river he could nt cross . newline newline mary knocked .  come in ,  they heard . mary opened the door , and she , jack , and michael went inside . on the bed was a young woman in a hospital gown , cradling a newborn girl on her breast . she looked pale , no doubt because she was only just finished with labor .  hi ,  she said . newline newline michael raced to the bed .  i want to see her ! i want to see her !  newline newline  may he ?  asked jack . the woman in the bed , and her husband sitting behind her , both nodded . jack picked up his son and sat him on the edge of the bed . michael held out his hand , and the infant clasped it . newline newline  she s beautiful ,  michael said . he leaned over and kissed her cheek , and she drew in a deep breath .  i love you . i love you , i love you , i love you , and i ll love you forever .  and jack relaxed .petty officer beachman was a hard man , is what all the cadets in death camp foxtrot would say . what they meant , of course , was that petty officer beachman had a rare condition , one he took great pains to conceal , that caused him to be constantly erect . he flipped his member into his waistband and untucked his shirt before stepping out of his tent . gone were the days when he could hide his life long embarrassment behind a chainchuck held low , or , recalling even more distant memories , a cheap public school tablet . the recent trend back towards tight clothes did nt help matters either . and while we re on the subject , cadet knowles had once again ordered a uniform one size too large . newline newline  cadet !   po beachman screeched , the nonspecific nature of his screech causing the newer recruits to jump into even stricter formation . their chainchucks flopped flaccidly at their shoulders , and po beachman heaved a small sigh in the back of his mind . the soldiers who had been here for almost the full year of their training ignored it , because they knew exactly who was being screeched at . newline newline  sir , me , sir ?  screamed cadet knowles . newline newline  yes you , you son of a retarded test tube baby  howled beachman , even louder than before to assert dominance . newline newline  sir , what seems to be the trouble , sir ?  newline newline  when the fuck did i say anything about a problem you miserable sack of shit ?  newline newline  sir i assumed you were insulting me for a reason sir  newline newline  do i need a reason to insult you , cadet ?  newline newline  sir , no , sir  newline newline  fuck you , cadet knowles . you want to talk about why your uniform is loose again ?  newline newline the young knowles perked up , secretly . the plan was coming together . newline newline  sir , i do nt know , must have been some kind of mixup sir .  newline newline  does your army make mistakes , cadet knowles ?   newline newline  sir , no , sir .  newline newline the petty officer was really very upset . there was a rumor going around the death camp that he was never promoted beyond petty officer because colonel hurt wanted to teach him a lesson about being petty . but beachman was far too focused on his boner for the lesson to do much good . this was the reason he did nt get put on field duty , left instead to care for the new recruits . newline newline cadet knowles trembled a bit with the humor of his next jibe in mind , waiting for the delicious smell of an angry voice s breath on his uniquely small nose . newline newline  sir , i have a question , sir  was quieter than the exchange had been because he was half hoping the petty officer would miss it , but loud enough for it to still look like he made the effort . petty officer beachman did nt miss it . he snapped his head around and his neck cracked audibly , and he marched right up to arm s reach like an enraged soccer or bear mother . newline newline  cadet !  he screeched even louder than before . there was a sound of giggling almost beginning .  the fuck do you want ?  his spit blew in the air and laughter was just barely not there yet . newline newline  sir  he asked in a calm , but loud voice ,  why do you get to untuck your shirt and we do nt ? it looks comfortable and    and you want to be able to criticize my motherfucking uniform , knowles ? is that what you want ? to be insubordinate to your superior officer ?  newline newline  sir , no sir , i just wanted to know if there was a reason your shirt was untucked , sir ?  cadet knowles quickly and respectfully matched beachman s volume . newline newline  well , i ve got news for you , kid . kids . you want to know why my shirt is untucked ? you wan na know the big secret  , do you , you fuckers ?  the last word made even cadet knowles jump .  well ?  the cadets looked and listened attentively . newline newline  well fuck you , that s why . do nt question your superior officer . i wear what i want . because i m your superior officer . i am an edger . newline newline to understand what that means , you have to have been raised on the edge , that razorsharp line demarcating the border of the diurnals and the nocturnals . during times of peace , the most prosperous region to be in , the center of all trade ... during times of war , the most dangerous , the launching point of every preemptive strike . newline newline being an edger meant not getting involved in politics , but it also meant having a hand in every action . you could nt ignore the two most powerful groups that surrounded you , but neither could you interfere with their affairs . neutrality was the word every edge citizen took to heart even before they took to walking . neutrality , and of course , opportunity . newline newline i suppose to truly know edge , you have to know the two other main players . nocturna , with its cold mysteries and even temperament  diurna , with its blazing glamour and mercurial lifestyle . dealing with those of the east required calmness , simplicity , aloofness ... dealing with those from the west required stubbornness , complications , pride ... the measure of a true edger was his ability to flip between the two requisite states without hesitation . newline newline when someone with that sunlit glow entered your shop , you haggled for every possible coin regardless of the item s worth , when someone with the pale of moon about them entered , you firmly decided on a price and only wavered if a valid reason was offered ... if both entered your shop , interested in the same item , you would scream and threaten the first while calculatingly discussing the merits of paying more for the item with the second , back and forth , without ever breaking stride or even giving the slightest hint that you preferred one method over the other . a slip up earned the edge merchant disgrace , lost him patronage from both sides , for who can trust a nonneutral outsider edger ? newline newline during times of war , oh , those merchants of such gildsilvered tongues had even more at risk . if a diurnal blew up your house in a moment of battlelust , or a nocturnal strategically targeted the same house for gassing , you were required to take up arms , to mete out both justice and revenge equally and without hesitation , but to never cross the line into taking a side . newline newline likewise , if it appeared one side was winning , it was up to the edgers to make sure to provide just enough resistance to prevent a victory . the nocturnals saw it as edge highstrategy and approved , whereas the diurnals saw it as edge nobility and commitment to a cause and also approved . newline newline neither side , nor most edgers to be fair , saw it for what it really was  a careful , desperate balancing act . after all , both sides saw edge as foreign , as people not truly compatible with them ... however , we were just slightly more compatible , more trustworthy , than those filthy dis  nocts . newline newline i said before that i was an edger . i truly still believe that , that i am acting according to the dictates and rules of my society . however , at the same time , i am no longer welcome in edge , nor nocturna , nor diurna . newline newline i made the damn fool mistake of getting married . newline newline exiled to my airborne steamship , stolen from the diurnals yet powered by nocturnal technology , i find myself in the most peculiar position an edger could ever be . newline newline nobody knows where i am  to be frank , nobody cares . not even the now exwife , who could nt bear to join my shame and renounced me , choosing instead to become an edge citizen to balance out the scales tipped by my exile . newline newline and i can win this . newline newline too long have the people of edge been walking a thin line of their own making , too afraid to commit to a side , yet too brave to stand by while things resolve themselves . it was obvious that nowhere in the equation was an outcome where edge could come out on top , so a victory surely meant a defeat . newline newline but i ve got an unregistered flying vessel , equipped with the latest in military grade diurnal technology , outfitted with the most illegal of nocturnal weaponry , with a few clever edge modifications ... and my crew of fellow exiles . newline newline funny how nobody ever wondered where exiles went to . myself , i always assumed that they died immediately after , for who could live in a world where no power accepted them ? but after my own exile , the answer became obvious , so obvious that in retrospect i feared to follow through , expecting that other people smarter than i had also concluded earlier than me what i had just concluded , and taken action . newline newline yet the north pole was thriving . technically part of edge , half in the light and half in the dark ... but too cold and forbidding for diurnals , too far away and tactically worthless for nocturnals , and as a result , too unimportant for edgers to invest in . the only place where exiles could congregate , regardless of their prior affiliations , and survive . newline newline we ve all decided , after putting it to a vote  one system that all three nations  four , if you count the exiles of the poles  agreed upon s validity  that edge should come out on top . in fact , edge shall expand , shall dominate the world , the only way to permanently end the war that has plagued this planet since we humans first began to walk upon it . funnily enough , to win this fight for edge , we must declare war on edge . one last act of balancing , as we cut a straight line to the south pole , where preparations are nearing completion . newline newline i neglected to mention in my description of the airworthy vessel i pilot the most important upgrade upon it . exile technology . i myself am unaware of how it works , something to do with magnetic waves saturating the entire planet , but according to their best and brightest , once i make this delivery , the device left behind in the north will resonate with the device delivered to the south , and diurna , nocturna , and edge will be no more . all they had waited for , for decades , was a vessel that could survive the trip , even when all sides saw it as a threat to be eliminated . newline newline their fear is greatly justified . this device , they tell me , is powerful enough to start the planet revolving , spinning like a children s toy in the vastness of space , and the blessing of the sun and promise of the moon will both splash upon its surface equally as it rotates . newline newline i am an edger . but not for much longer . soon , edge will be no more , yet edge will be the entire world . soon , everyone will be an edger , hundreds of times each year , but never for more than a moment . newline newline let the revolutions begin .i meet her here every year and every year i feel like i know less and less . she smiles as we stand on the lonely trail , the water crashing down not that far away . the sunset has painted the sky in all shades of pink and purple and her eyes almost seem to glow with the same vibrancy . she takes her spot , leaning on the railing and looking down into the stream below and , as usual , i join her . newline newline it  s silent for a while , just the sound of the crashing water from the waterfall . despite the beauty , i watch her out of the corner of my eye . she looks so happy , long hair trailing down her back . i wonder what she  s like away from the waterfall , for the rest of the year that i don  t see her . she knew a hell of a lot more about me than i knew about her . newline newline she had said that she lives out in the countryside , somewhere nearby . there isn  t a house for miles . newline newline she claimed that she looked a little weird normally . i can  t pick up a hint of makeup on her face . newline newline the strangest was the assertion about her father , who she made a vague statement about , something along the lines of keeping her away from people . newline newline she always seemed sad when she left , as if i was the only contact she would get until that next year would come . i don  t even know why i come back year after year . i had been born and raised in a nearby town , had played here when there had been some trees and plants growing in the area . more than just the green , green grass . iceland was a hard place to grow things . newline newline  it  s lovely.  i state , as usual . newline newline  it always is.  she smiles a little more . and then she does the unusual , leaning up and pressing a soft , gentle kiss to my cheek and returns to her original position . i  ve lost my train of thought , the normal conversation we usually have vanishing into thin air . i make a few noises , attempting to pluck ideas out but they vanish as well . newline newline  i um ahm  she gives a small tittering laugh and i gather my courage , grasping at the only straw that my mind offers me .  can we get coffee or dinner or , um something ?  she falls quiet for a while , eyes still trained on the waterfall before they move to rest on me . newline newline  maybe.  her smile  s turned soft and sad and then she turns to leave , brushing past me and leaving me staring at thin air . i whirl around after getting over my shock to find that she  s simply vanished . the trail is empty as it gets darker , the small solarpowered lights that line the path beginning to come on . a deep shiver runs through me and even though i  m frightened , i want next year to come quickly . newline newline as i leave , i pause to look up the hillside towards the smaller waterfall . i can see the little hills and rocks , a small lfhl pressed against one of the larger rocks . i could barely make out the violet shade coloring the elf house in the darkening night and i quickly hurry on . even though i was grown , there was still that sensation that you didn  t want to be in the  wilds  after dark .dear me , newline newline hi ! hello . how are you ? newline newline do nt answer that . of course i know . newline newline look , you have some time to let this soak in , so i suggest sitting down . the black recliner you re near should do . comfy ? great ! newline newline okay , so hear me out . this is going to be a rough year for you . very rough . world ending rough . sounds silly . preposterous ! well , good , because it is nt . newline newline take your wife . take your dog . travel as far north as you can without hitting glacier , and you may , just may spare yourselves a few decades of raw and agonizing horror . it must be done in secret . no one should know of your immediate travels , not even where . especially your pastor .  for god s sake , keep him in the dark as long as possible . he may find out , he may not . my money is that he will pick up your trail soon enough , but you ll have placed plenty of distance between him and yourselves before this all goes down . newline newline look , i know this sounds cryptic , and  oh , do nt worry about that glass ... woops !  yep , that one . a bit clumsy of us , eh ? anyway , get yourself to higher and colder ground . get to it fast . it took a lot of power and effort to get this letter to you , so do nt simply disregard it . it ll take you a few days to think it over , like i did . but jesus christ , man , those few days will have saved you years of trouble . so if this letter can change anything about the past , let it be that . go . now . rachel will not understand , but she will , in the end , trust you . newline newline the dog will live a while longer . just , uh , keep him on a short leash . newline newline good luck ! newline newline you , 010147 newline newline ps  the passphrase is  trouble by twilight .  did nt think you d hear that from anyone else , did ya ? well , you re not . because it s you . hello ! goodbye . newline newlinewhitey the tiger gave the  all clear  signal from his place on the bed . he was one of the oldest stuffed animals  he was a third birthday gift  and he shared command with two of the other older toys . there was the nameless white bear that had been given to janie s parents at the hospital when she was born and jimbo the clown doll from an early christmas . newline newline the other two resided on the shelf along with the toys that had survived the culling that came with janie s transition to adulthood  a pair of monkeys and olaf the handknitted tomten  as well as a few new arrivals  rarity , the unicorn who had come out of a claw machine that past summer and  mine  , the oversized bear that came from janie s boyfriend  . there were also the smaller operative , charmander the charmander next to the books and harvey the rabbit keychain who spent most of the time attached to janie s purse . newline newline the team was ready so all that remained to do was wait.. it would come . the dark thing would always come , although it was not always the same . sometimes brute force was called for , but other times magic was needed . defending janie was easy when she was young and there were many animals , but janie s college years were trying on whitey and little harvey as they had to do most of the work without back up . it was a big relief to everyone when she moved back in . newline newline last night had been a night where magic was needed . olaf had done most of the heavy lifting with his clever tricks , but rarity and the surprisingly magic jimbo also contributed . newline newline when the thing finally showed up , the nameless white bear  who could tell such things  judged tonight to be a brute force kind of night and instructed mine to fall on top of it . that was the good thing about mine . he could squish it right away making it easy for the monkeys to finish the work . nowadays there was very little need for whitey , the last line of defense , to get off of the bed at all . newline newline flattened and monkeypoked , the dark thing retreated back to the shadows from whence it came . a quite satisfaction settled in over the toys .i watched from the stage as the women sat down at their respective dinner tables . i could feel the weight of their stares , as some pointed while bickering amongst themselves whom they felt they were gon na pick as their date for the evening . i adjusted my tuxedo , making sure i looked sharp and the 1gb ram of weight i had lost i had to admit improved my over all confidence . it was the annual 2017 choose your rig and all the nerdy , rich , sassy and spoilt women would come and pick someone to have fun for the night , at a small price of course . i decided to volunteer , out of curiosity to see the turn of events but also to flatter my ego a little bit . newline newline we were divided into different specs , your facial features and beauty determined your graphics qualities , intelligence , determined your processor , weight calculated your overall ram and last but not least , infact the fan favorite was the hard drive . were you packed with a 1tb ssd ? boy , can you ride all night . newline newline newline newline  ladies and gentleladies , you all know why you are here today , coz i do .  the host turned around and stared at us with a coy smile , eliciting whistles from the crowd .  without further a do , let the show begin .  newline my chest palpitated as the crowd cheered , suddenly an overwhelming anxiety paralyzed my body . this was a bad mistake . what if i was nt up to their tastes ? what if i was nt picked ? my sister would nt let it rest for the next few decades thats for sure . newline newline newline newline newline  boys come forward .  the host beckoned . she was a high end rig , thats for sure . newline newline newline newline newline  from the 4gb category : we have ken spencer .  the first guy went forward , recieving cheers and whistles as ladies made their bids , each casting her own amount , as the host read out his specs . i stayed in the middle of line , waiting to see how things turned out for the others first . the line grew smaller and smaller and soon enough , i was the main spotlight . newline newline newline newline newline  our seventh contestant . we have jack strausser .  newline newline newline newline newline newline i puffed my chest out abit , almost posing like a one legged pirate with a stroke . damn , i was too nervous . newline newline newline newline  he comes with a nvidia gtx 780 , as you can see ladies .  the host gestured at the crowd . newline newline newline newline  core i3 , quad core .  newline newline newline newline never was the smartest in class but i tried . newline newline newline newline newline  and last but not least , 80gb hard drive ... .ide .  newline newline newline my stomach sunk . newline newline newline newline loud , raucious laughter erupted from the crowd , some clutching their abdomens as i stared into the abyss infront of me . newline newline newline newline  thats a lie , that was not the spec i gave out . thats a mistake .  i shouted at the host due to the drowning from the crowd , but i was only met with a shrug . i groggile left to the backstage , facing stares and strained chuckles from the contestant themselves . this was a mistake from the beginning . newline newline newline ide hard drive . my ass . but how can you be sure ?  newline newline jay turns his head , the aviators reflecting blue screens . why the hell he wore them is anyone s guess  the only light in the room came from his terminal monitors . how the hell does he see the keyboard ? newline newline  discontiguous memory addresses .  he smiles , his teeth narrow and numerous . a pale hand snatches the mouse . the shadows deepen as one of the monitors go black . the blackness fills with rambling strings of numbers  hexidecimal .  you have the satori model six , right ?  newline newline  yeah .  newline newline  which has ?  newline newline  2048bit memory addressing .  i stuff my hands into my pockets . it s cold in here . newline newline  yeah . satori is coded in c3po . bare bones stuff . right up against the machine code .  c3po . c , the third , with pointer optimization . not as close to the machine as its predecessors , but closer than , say artery , or semafour . newline jay reaches out to the numberinfested screen . his finger caresses down , stopping halfway .  memories are stored contiguously . forwardlink , backlink , and all the links in between . then you start getting the memory  the juicy experience you and i call our history .  he grins . taps the screen .  but this flink here ... it goes nowhere .  newline newline i shrug .  null ?  newline newline  no ,  he shakes his head slowly , grinning wider .  there  s an address . the address does nt exist . the kind of shit that would lead to blackouts , if accessed . an error .  newline newline  but ,  i frown .  it s a satori .  newline newline jay nods .  yeah man , i hear you . japanese . top notch . satori do nt make mistakes like that . js9 , sure , but that s hobo crap . satori ... this kind of error would be a scandal , if it ever got out .  newline newline  is that the only one ?  newline newline jay shook his head , his shock of hair wagging like a crest . fingers dance on a black keyboard , and the monitor below the black one changes in hue . a map . a visual map of assembly . it sits against the sterile background like a sea urchin , needles piercing strings of hex . newline newline thousands of addresses . tens of thousands . the satori6 was a minefield . newline newline  how ?  my mouth is agape . i imagine this is how it feels to be diagnosed with cancer . to stare at the xray of your chest , to see the dark form inhabiting you like a parasite . killing you . newline newline  you re lucky you have nt hit any of these .  jay moves the mouse , rotating the visual . god , there are so many .  blackouts are one thing . this many ? it s likely that you would fall through . errorhandling can handle if it jumps into another void .  newline newline fall through . to escape the saftey net , the programming inside your chip that carefully protects your neurons from rupturing . the gaba that dumbs you down . without it your head lights up like a christmas tree , alive with an electrical storm . then the neurons start killing themselves . neurotoxicity . newline newline  how did this happen ?  newline newline jay becomes serious .  i ve seen stuff like this before .  he leans forward , rotating the map with his hand .  coding a satori is serious shit . the guys that do it are barely human , with the kind of brains they got to have .  more keyboard presses . the map turns into an elaborate bargraph .  the thing i noticed was the cleanup pattern .  newline newline  cleanup pattern ?  my palms are clammy inside my pockets . i wonder if its possible to stop thinking . with every thought that crosses my mind , my brain could try to page into the satori . it could walk across one of those blackholes of an address , a hidden claymore . i try to calm myself down , but the opposite happens  my mind races . newline newline  yeah . a lot of the addresses in the links match up okay . but the false addresses are nt there . at least ... not in an accessible way . the data is there .  he reaches up then to rub his nose .  but there is nt anyway to access it . someone was cleaning up those links .  newline newline my heart starts to pound . how long has it been like this ? days ? weeks ? newline newline  i ve seen rootkits do this , to hide their presence in kernel memory .  jay reaches up then , and removes his aviators . stark blue eyes stare out at me .  i did nt think that kind of thing was possible on a satori .  newline newline rootkit . my mind has cancer . intelligent , viral cancer . and someone put it there . newline newline jay watches me as i push fingers through my hair , my breath starting to shudder . newlinethere was a time , a time so long ago that there was no light . it was a time before the sun was born . when cold rocks whirled around an empty void . time passed on a scale that i simply can not explain and slowly they began to collide and clump together . i will never forget the first light , a dull and deep molten red . it was amazing , this color in the darkness , the first hue of the universe . i stared in wonder at this beacon as it continued to grow , as these cold rocks plummeted into the faint red hue in front of me and would cause an explosion of spectacular fireworks . when this would happen the color changed if only for a few moments to oranges , yellows reds and whites . it was breathtaking . newline newline newline my mind was drifting again . drifting back to some of my earliest memories . i took a deep breath and focused on the figure standing in front of me , lucifer . gods most trusted and loved angel , now the king of hell . at least that  s what the story says .  luci got a bum wrap.  i thought to myself as i looked on . father told him that he needed someone to discipline those of his children who would not listen to his words . to punish them , teach them or correct their immoral ways and who better than his most beloved son . of course the other angels , we all know how brothers and sisters exaggerate , had to tell the world he defied father , was cast out and well that  s how family drama goes . newline newline newline you would think that since i was the oldest it would have fallen to me , but that  s not really my style . after all you give a hungry woman wondering around a jungle naked an apple and the world falls apart . in this case that  s no joke ! luci was nearby and i bolted , poor guy got blamed for that too . i really did feel kinda bad about all this so when luci opened the gates to his new work place i made sure i was the first one to visit . ok , so i didn  t really feel bad , but i mean come on , who doesn  t like to make fun of their little brother and i was a bit curious . after all i had seen all of creation and this was something new ! newline newline newline for a while there wasn  t much going on in hell . i would get bored and move his chair . yes , i call it a chair , i mean once you have seen dads throne , everything else is just a chair . a few times i would open the gate and leave it open , he  d slam it shut and proceed to have to search all seven circles of hell for his chair . i would giggle a little , after all that  s what you get for making seven levels of anything . but this is enough day dreaming and reminiscing . newline newline newline i looked clearly at luci as he was quickly opening his six black wings to intimidate his latest arrivals . it was all so repetitive at this point . i hate to say it , but my time here was beginning to bore me . the souls these days had mentioned stories of amazing inventions , art and so many things i had not been out to see . they mention amazing meals and things like pizza and pie . it was probably time to walk the earth again and experience this new world . this time though when i visit the cities on the surface i won  t dump a cart full of mushrooms in the water wells , quite a mind blowing experience speaking gibberish and outrageous parties . sodom and gomorrah definitely weren  t the same after i visited . newline newline newline i definitely need to head out for some fun , after all , what could go wrong . newlinei met her at a bar in montgomery . i was at a convention  she just lived there . she was also the fourth girl i had hit on that night . she slapped me across the face when i tried to kiss her . but she smiled when she did it . a girl like her wouldn  t slap somebody she didn  t like . newline newline she moved in with me three weeks later . she was young , and innocent , and new to the feeling of being wanted . you could probably say i took advantage of her . she might , now . newline newline it  s hard to separate the memory of what we were from the knowledge of what we became . but god , we were so alive  i can tell you that much . we celebrated that first new years in my bedroom because she was sick , and i was lonely , and it was hard to believe the world existed outside the two of us . i nicknamed her jessica after the song by the allman brothers because she said so little and it said so little but they both meant so much to me . we started a garden togetheri grew the flowers  she grew the vegetables . newline newline i  m still not sure if it was love . but she made me question whether i had ever been in love before . she never did meet my parents . the day she was supposed to , she started vomiting and shaking like she was having a seizure . there was this look of flat , expressionless fear she would get when she remembered . it was like it was too much for her to react to . newline newline she never told me exactly what had happened , but over the years , i had put the story together piece by broken piece . it was the night she woke me up holding a bottle of pills and wearing that blunted fear that i promised myself i would kill her father if i ever met him . i still would . newline newline i was offered a job in arizona three years into our relationship . i couldn  t say no . she came with me , but that was always going to be a mistake . she didn  t even like the smell . newline newline we should have known the flowers would fail , at least . she left on valentine  s day . i had gotten her a present weeks before . i left it on the kitchen table , but she came and found me in the garden on her way out . newline newline  you didn  t have to get me a present ,  she had said . newline newline  i know.  i didn  t look up from the flowers , withered even in february .  i got it a few weeks agofigured you  d still like it.  a rice cooker . nothing monumental . newline newline  you know , it  s no use watering dead flowers.  newline newline i stopped pouring and turned to face her .  i thought they might do better in the winter.  newline newline  it still a fucking desert.  newline newline i nodded . it was never going to work .  it  s a good thing we never got married , then , isn  t it ? that would make it harder , right ?  newline newline  it  s for the best.  newline newline she left not soon after . i couldn  t escape the feeling that there was no proper conclusion . that may have been the worst part , not feeling like it had ended . it was a hollow , empty sensation . not broken , or particularly acute . the end had been weeks in the making . i was like a jackolantern the day after halloween , once the flame has been put out . inevitable , yes , but no better for it .goddamnit larry , why d you have to go and mate with alpha s doe ?  newline newline i was nervously trotting along through the daytime woods . i could smell a lot of shitty hunters upwind , so i shifted my trot away from them . yep , humans are way less skilled nowadays , but they pay their way to competence with those damn bangtoys . i mean , i can avoid most of them just fine , but it sucks that all those other bucks side with the alpha just because he has bigger antlers than me . like , yeah , he probably could have gored me when i mated his favorite doe during the rut season , but now i m still going to die sooner or later anyway . all of us exiled bucks die sooner or later . and if i fought alpha , i bet i would have gotten an antler or two in before  newline newline sniff newline newline  nbsp  newline newline sniffsniff newline newline  nbsp  newline newline a bangtoy ! a startling bullet jolted me as it hit the tree directly in front of me , with the bang sound coming after a very short delay . believe me when i say that i bambi d the hell outta there . after running several hundred yards , i chuckled to myself at what a terrible shot that was . jeez , how do you miss a shot that close ? ha , humans suck . but , that little incident was a good reminder for me to keep a close sniff out for any other murderers . i took my rest near a little berry bush , and gnawed on some unknown fruit that my instincts approved of . you know , it s really not so bad , trotting around in the daily exile . it s a bit more dangerous out here than it is in the village  well , a lot more dangerous  but the worst part is that there are no doe to mate with . newline newline as my adrenaline wore off , i realized something that made me wish i had died back there . that bullet ricocheted off my antlers ! my right antlers were just kind of dangling off my head now . what the buck , man ? i m pretty sure messing with a buck s antlers is against interspecies law or something . oh boy , the other bucks are never going to let me hear the end of this one .  hey , larry the lopsider , go back to exile and finish your horncut ! bahahaha !  just the thought of it made me cringe . newline newline anyway , as night fell , i started to head to the village . even though i was already in daily exile , abandonment has always been a huge nono , and can result in a terrible hoofing . the village likes to know which bucks are still alive , so i have to come back every night just to sleep  only to sleep . no mating , no feeding , just sleep . otherwise , the alpha would be pissed .  not that i could nt take him on or anything , but if i were to fight him i would rather fight him while he s not pissed , that s all . and i would nt want to fight him with only half my antlers . it s not that i m scared , because i m not . in either case , before tomorrow s sun was up , i would be sent out on my own all over again .detective hook let himself into the madison family home . pushing past the throng of blue uniforms inside . making his way up the marble spiral staircase leading to the boys that had been murdered rooms . he was met at the top by his old friend , detective smee . newline  it s bad in there roger , this sicko makes my stomach turn .  newline  second door on the left , right ?  asked hook newline smee nodded his head . whipping out his red handkerchief and wiping away the sweat that had formed a shiny gloss on his brow . hook brushed past him and strode towards the door stopping short with his hand on the knob that once turned would inevitably show him a horrific scene of gore . he filled his lungs with the warm damp air that seemed linger in these old houses . then exhaled sharply as he turned the knob and pushed the door open . newline the first thing he noticed was the copious amounts of blood splattered across the walls and pooled around the boys small disfigured bodies . it almost seemed like that much blood could nt possibly come from such small corpses . newline  three more friends , three more little children to join him in neverland .  hook spoke to himself . newline each time he was called in the middle of the night , from his warm bed next to his wife . his heart would jump into his throat . he knew the psycho known as pan always struck at night . coming in through the window while the kids and parents slept . and swiftly sending children to neverland . he had been assigned to pan three years ago . and of those three years pans technique never changed . he took children of all ages , never discriminating wealth , race or sex . as long as pan still walked this earth freely , no ones children where safe . not even mayor madison newline mr madison had told the police that they had heard an alarming shout in the night causing him to make his way down the corridor to the room where his three sons slept . only to find a massacre . pan had no mercy , he would murder all of your children without even the courtesy to leave you an heir . newline hook covered his nose with a handkerchief his wife had made for him . the summer air had already caused their body s to swell and give off the pungent scent of decay . he inspected the window for forced entry and found that the locks where still intact . almost as if opened from the inside . he also noticed the boys laid out in a row , with smiled carved into their cheeks , holding hands . giving a ritualistic look his work . newline  it s the same .  hook said to smee , who had been behind him also watching for a mistake left behind by the madman . newline  he is to careful .  smee responded newline  he thinks he s doing is good and wants to continue his work .  newline hooks blood began to boil . newline  he will slip up eventually ! i want this place swept from top to bottom . bag and tag everything . also find out if anyone in the neighborhood was awake and caught a glance of this guy .  newline the grizzled detective spun on his heel and strode toward the exit . pushing the door open carelessly almost smacking an officer waiting outside . newline  detective ! mayor madison wishes to speak with you !  newline  great .  hook said sarcastically  tell him if he has any information then to push it through the responding officer .  newline  but detective ...  the officer managed to blurt out just before hooks stride was broke by a wall of a man . newline  well hello mr mayor . im.. i.. i want you to know how sorry i am for what happened here .  hook said before he realized he was speaking . newline  sorry ?  mayor madison spat .  well ! maybe if you spent less time being such a sorry detective and more time trying to catch this madman my boys would still be alive !  newline the mayors eyes where bloodshot from lack of sleep and high blood pressure . combined with tears for his loss . newline i finally gathered my wits from the surprise . newline  mr madison , if you have any information about the killer then that would be beneficial , as for your opinion of me and my investigation , i suggest you keep to yourself and let me do my job .  newline madison looked surprised . newline  you wo nt have a job if you ca nt pull through detective . and that s a promise ! newline you have two weeks !  newline he turned around and stormed into his study then slammed the door behind him . newline detective hook and smee left the madison house . it had started to sprinkle outside indicating a much larger storm to be in tow . everybody knew that when it rained here it poured . newline newline i m working on the rest of the story but thought i d leave this here until i finish . jacob leaned on one arm and gave the man a halfinterested glance .  sir , you ve had superultimatefuntimedestructomeganuclearshitloadrainboomhappyfuntime for three months at this point . our refund policy is one week .  newline newline the man scoffed . a vein bulged and he ran his hands through his blonde hair .  yes , i know , but for god s sake i need this returned ! i have nt got it to work even once !  newline newline a lady behind the distressed man started to tap her foot . newline newline  sir , as this receipt says ,  jacob wiggled the item in question .  you ve had this for three months . if it did nt work , you should of returned it eariler .  newline newline  eariler !  the man shouted , a solitary piece of spittle landed on jacobs face , making his bad day even worse .  i payed one billion dollars for my nanoinjections , chemo therapy and twenty minutes time in the radioactive waste pit for this ! i just ca nt return it !  newline newline  not my problem dude .  jacob shrugged . newline newline  bbbut ...  newline newline  next !  newline newline   newline newline like it ? hate it ? gim me a comment !gutn tag my friends , newline newline i ve always loved thinking in hypotheticals , and it s a really interesting concept to imagine the allies ever winning the war . just imagine how far behind technologically we d be under allied rule ! the reich has created a golden age of mankind . from the invention of the atomic bomb in 1942 to the first hydrogenpowered car that was released in 1965 , the reich has spent an exorbitant amount of capital through the decades improving the quality of life of all those who live under its rule . anyways , let s talk about the disadvantages of the allies against our great german republic . from a military standpoint , no doubt they put up a valiant fight . i love to debate with some of the more naive and uninitiated occupied american historians . for some reason they continue to be in denial of the fact that thei their illadvised attack on calais and their inability to combat our naval bombardment was their ultimate downfall . i can imagine how backwards we would be under allied rule  our great nation would be broken and ruled by communist leadership , the most disgusting of all political systems . no hydrogen cars , no robotic servants , just simple american agrarian lifestyle . we d all be picking crops with our bare hands and wasting our time with primal industrialism instead of inventing the way the german people have been doing since the 50 s . i dunno about you guys , but it would be hell for me to pick crops all my life instead of designing planes and siege equipment while traveling to south america to fight for german statehood there . what better way to advance the human collective knowledge than to help more people to join our great republic ? newline newline i m sorry guys , i m a little zealous about my great country . i m from detroit , where we germans work very hard for our great nation across the ocean . i got to tour the rubble of new york city last year and was astounded by the strength of germany . and imagine ! the german initiative to colonize mars has just been announced ! under german rule we are reaching for the stars and seeking new frontiers to expand humanity . i really ca nt imagine how far behind we would be under allied rule , but i can assure you it would be a horrible existence . newline what a strange and curious tree grows from the withered bark , spreading life through its leaves until only its vestigal acorn remains ? newline newline such is our life , and as such is our fate . our past is filled with horrific terrors and fantastic wonders , all of which are lost overtime as saturn seems content to let things run backwards . newline newline i suppose in time we will call him by his original name . newline newline long ago , massive empires sprawled across the barbarian lands of the north . of the largest , the sea kings of the northern isles who held lands spanning around the world . the strongest , an empire if germania that marched with unbroken purpose to dominate a continent , clashing with the red kings that marshalled its people with song and steel at their back . newline newline in years past they were armed with ferrocious weapons  spears that dissolved into enormous fires that could consume whole cities . enormous mechanica that traversed entire oceans , able to wipe out entire armies in an instant , and even traverse the skies themselves . newline newline and with those tools , the barbarian germanic empire spread like a kanker , consuming people in labrynths of death , as he compelled his enormous legions to march again and again to crush the mad red despots . what horror would it be to live in such times ! newline newline now we hold only fragmented relics  relis of such power that even the emperors of rome will not suffer their legions to use , for the untold destruction they brought to the ancient peoples . justinian the christian emperor once wrote ,  let our kataphractoi use not those cursed tools of our , for the son must learn his father s lessons  . although his savior has long since died , i find that i must agree . newline newline perhaps there is indeed a reason why saturn turns his back to us . newline newlinebehold the croissant . newline newline such divine artistry newline consumed without a glance . newline newline man claims a brain , claims a soul newline but he does not see the croissant for what it truly is . newline newline we the brainless , the soulless we see the croissant newline and we admire it s beauty newline the depth of it s creation . newline newline newline a man blares a trumpet . newline newline he heralds poetry newline the lord of the mortal soul . newline newline we do not see poetry newline we see a delicate pastry worshipped by the masses . newline newline men , know this : you destroy poetry every morning newline leaving crumbs on a cold plate newline we can not eat , so we watch newline newline the poetry heralded by neither trumpet nor brain . newlinei help whenever i can , but it s becoming more and more of a rarity these days . it s hard to save the world when you ca nt even force yourself to get out of bed . i can literally lift a 4 ton truck over my head with the power of my mind , but a few weeks ago i lay on the sofa for 9 hours just looking at the wall because i could nt force myself to get up and make something for dinner . newline newline it did nt used to be like this . i used to be a hero . i know i did because my house is full of all the shit they gave me to prove it  the medals , the key to the city ... they even gave me a decorative pistol once . yknow , like the type you see old exmilitary guys wearing with their outfits on memorial day ? i keep it in the basement now . i kept looking at it and wondering what i d do with it if my skin was nt so ... bulletproof . newline newline some days i snap out of it , and i feel like myself again . i ll throw the old cape and mask back on and soar through the city in a blur of technicolor , feeling the wind rush through my hair . the crowds of people gasp and cheer  welcome back !  as i bounce from burning building to bank robbery , putting my world back together again . i try to enjoy it for as long as it lasts , and do as much good as i can in the meantime before i feel everything starting to fade back to grey . sometimes the respite only lasts a few hours , sometimes as much as a few weeks or even longer . eventually though , whether it creeps back slowly or rushes in with a sucker punch right in the middle of the mayor s latest speech , it always comes back . newline newline occasionally i ll hear the tv or radio speculating as to where i ve disappeared to this time , and that kinda hurts . i wish i could explain to them that i have nt gone anywhere . i m still right here , i just ca nt be the version of me that they need me to be . so i put my other mask on and i move among them , unnoticed . newline newline it s a funny thing , having a secret identity . to the people out there i m just a plain old runofthemill superhero . if only they knew my secret ... newline newline newline  maybe a bit dark . sorry , i did nt know what you were going for .  i do nt know what the fuck happened , i just , woke up here !  i yelled , desperately trying to explain to the ensemble of guards that i meant no harm . they had nt said a word to me , would nt even make eye contact for three weeks ! no one had , for that matter . literally no one would come within arms reach of me , and even the guards cleared out before my cell was opened , and i had nt the slightest clue why . there was a lot that i did nt know about this place . it s a prison , yes , but where i have no idea . i also do nt know how i ended up here , or why for that matter . i ve seen other inmates in the middle of brawls turn and run as i entered a room . i ve noticed the security cameras are always fixed on me , no matter what . i decided the guards would be of no help and decided to get some shuteye . newline newline i awoke to screaming , the scent of blood hung in the air , an alarm blaring in the distance . i was nt in my cell anymore , i was just outside the prison gates , or what was left of them . something had smashed them in , the thick steel torn apart by something huge , had to be . only then did i notice the guards around me , recognizable only by the badges they wore on their uniforms .  jesus fucking christ  i stammered under my breath , backing away from the corpses . i looked around , flipped buses , armored cars smashed in , what looked like claw marks torn through the metal like tissue paper . for the first time since coming to , i looked down at myself . my uniform was ripped to shreds , were those.. bullet holes ? i was covered in blood , and it did nt smell like mine . the cuffs i had adorned back in my cell were gone .  i do nt know what the fuck it is , but it s loose , and it killed everyone  said a shaky voice from behind one of the armored cars . i began walking over to investigate , maybe he knew what the fuck was going on . as i got closer i could make out a faint whispering , a prayer i think . i rounded the corner of the vehicle and the man froze as soon as he saw me . he reached for his weapon and.. newline darkness . i awoke again , though this time the prison was nowhere in sight , once again i had no idea where the hell i am .  i guess i ll start walking ,  i thought to myself .  again . archminister general gxokloii of the tniil laughed at the pitiful demonstrations of earthly weapons . the earth diplomat stood by quietly , observing the chaos from the stellar embassy bay window . the general loomed over him , his translucent scales fluttered flushed in bold reds and yellows .  are you telling me that in the time it took your planet 100 laps around your fat , lazy star that these are the most devastating  weapons you could develop ? you barely have 10,000 battleships engaged in this fight .  he chuckled , the translator buzzed and crackled , unable to translate the strange guttural sound . newline newline  we thought more of you , you know .  he continued .  we saw your nuclear weapons and nanotechnology and honestly thought this , this would be a battle that would be worthy of the halls of the tniil gods , that your cleverness , in all of the galaxy , might have been a match to our own . my entire species , spread throughout this galaxy , has tuned into this spectacle expecting to observe a war , not this onesided slaughter .  newline newline but still , the diplomat kept an increasingly unnatural cool . as ships crashed and smashed into fiery doom , the general wanted something more .  surely the knowledge of your species imminent destruction and enslavement weighs on your mind even now . allow me to demonstrate !  the general , with a mere point , singled out one of jupiter s moons . newline newline on command , a hole in time and space sliced down it s center and engulfed the moon s entire mass . newline newline  that ! that is power .  said the general .  and i could , just as quickly , turn this weapon onto your home . upon your family and friends , crushed by the might of stars themselves !  newline newline but still , the diplomat held his cool . newline newline  do all of your species feel nothing as you do ?  the general asked .  this is the end .  newline newline  it s impressive , general , it really is a testament to your combined might .  but he still did not take his eyes off the battle as it raged . newline newline  why then do you stall ? sign over the planet to me , give us your leaders and resources and , perhaps , i will exercise lenience , not as if you have any say in the situation . your short lived species may yet make a fine zoological exhibit .  newline newline  how long do your kind normally live ?  asked the diplomat . newline newline a moment lapsed as the translator calculated the units into familiar terms .  ... by your earth s units of time , nearly 900 years .  newline newline  that s about what we calculated too , even our oldest man is barely a child to your race .  newline newline  and i see you fight like one , too .  newline newline the diplomat let the insult slide .  last time you were here we figured out real quick there would be nothing we could do to match your level of technology in that window of time . that this would be a one sided slaughter .  newline newline a lieutenant quietly came to the general s side , trying to whisper into his superior s ear . the general growled at him .  not now , fool ! ca nt you see they re about to surrender ?  the aide backed away , shamed into silence . newline newline  so , what is it then ? why hesitate even one more moment ? are you waiting to deploy a secret weapon ?  newline newline  secret ? oh , heavens no . the 10,000 battleships you see now are the 10,000 battleships we have .  newline newline  perhaps you just wish to see your species die slowly , is that it ?  newline newline  not alone , at least .  newline newline finally , the aide forcibly interjected , getting the general s full attention . but as they communed an earth vessel exploded next to the embassy , throwing debris in all directions . there , in the drifting wreckage , a small creature writhed in the void of space , freezing , asphyxiating . it took the general only a moment to understand what he was seeing was nt the pink of flesh and red of human blood . the tniil child , garbed in earth defense attire , barely grown into his scales , died right before his eyes in terrible agony . newline newline  we cloned just about 10,000 of them in all .  said the diplomat .  it s funny , really , the notion of honor in an act of war , honestly it s something we ve never really excelled at .  finally the diplomat turned to face the general , his eyes twinkled in the starlight . newline newline  did nt you say this was being broadcast for your entire species to see ? the lights of the cantina flickered and the station shook as explosion rocked the outer hull , patrons spilling to the floor from their stools or else knocked over their drinks . a scantily dressed fallen waitress spilled a tray of whiskey across the floor , the strong smelling corellian liquor reaching up to tomess ghast s nose . newline newline he drained his stein of lambic beer and rose from his seat , helping the waitress up as he placed his bill into her palm . with a brief smile from her he was gone , vanished into the panicking crowd . as he made his way to the exit he pulled out his comlink , flicking the channel to a preset . newline newline  hyrlo , it s ghast . if you hearing this pick up . i got a business proposition for you .  newline newline a brief pause of static before a voice sounded out from the comlink s speaker . newline newline  i m a little busy at the moment , ghast . this better be good .  the gurgling voice said in similar basic . newline newline  those are poleo husk s boys out there are nt they ? how s your security forces gon na fare ? four hundred weekend warriors against ... oh bout six hundred of some of the hardest pirates this side of the rimma trade route . face it , you need me and my blaster . twenty thousand credits and i ll help defend deepsea station for today .  newline newline  twenty thousand ? ! robbery !  came the reply . newline newline ghast merely smiled at the quarren s audible shock . newline newline  nope , hyrlo . what poleo s crew will do is robbery , i m just being opportunistic . so what s it gon na be ? i could just get to my ship and leave ...  he drawled . newline newline  no ! no , no ... you ll have your twenty thousand credits . just defend my station !  newline newline tomess ghast smiled at the news . newline newline  thanks , hyrlo . you re a great gun . do nt die .  with that he flicked off his comlink , severing the connection in a burst of static . newline newline  newline newline ghast raced to docking bay 23d and to the ship waiting there . she was a deadly looking craft , with a broad shield like base with engine and builtin entry ramp , an elephantine hull perpendicular to it . she was a firespray31 patrol craft , wicked deadly and just as swift . the red wake was painted a matte grey with plates picked out in rust red , a slogan scrawled along the hull in a lilting hand . newline newline   death flies on swift wings. a hunger that can never be slacked.   newline newline a press of a button on his wrist and the defensive measures that girded the ship powered down and the boarding ramp extended to the hanger floor , ghast racing up it without time to lose . he threw his sleek looking jacket into a corner of the cargo room and opened up the weapons locker . within the battered cage was a handsome selection of weapons and tools of the trade . in the middle was a rather weathered suit of armor made with bronzium plates backed by armorweave fabric with matching vambraces and greaves . a helmet made with the same metal stared at ghast with long nasal and cheek guards . ghast bowed at the suit of armor , whispering in reverence . newline newline  bitil miotal de dsigh , gnomhais thit ag fanacht .  newline newline   awaken spirits of the metal , fell deeds await.  cats , felines , moggies , no matter what you call them , i ve never seen one . not one . newline newline as i grew up i felt like it was a giant prank that the world was playing on me . jessie birch brought her cat in for show and tell one day when i was six . the whole class melted at the sight of her tabby , but all i saw was an empty cage and a bunch of apparently delusional class mates . newline newline why ca nt i perceive cats ? who knows . newline newline it does nt change life too much really . sure i ve tripped over a few times , and the internet is a slightly duller place when half of all cute animal pictures are replaced by blank space , but hey i survive . newline newline you could say that it has nt been a total catastrophe . at least you could say that if you did nt mind withering looks from anyone who heard you . newline newline the story could have ended here . i could have got married , had a family , owned a dog , and lived the rest of my life without too much hassle . except that s not what happened . would nt be an interesting story if that was the end . newline newline yes , i did get married , and we went on the most wonderful honeymoon . a two month cruise around south africa , and up the coast toward the seychelles . so far so good . newline newline toward the end of the cruise , we disembarked in tanzania for an overnight safari , through the serengeti . the drive out was marvelous , the sun gently dipping over the horizon , rays of light scattering across the sky . elegant giraffes were silhouetted against the ever darkening sky . fantastic . newline newline we stayed the night at a luxury lodge . by the time we arrived the sun had vanished , but i knew that the morning would bring spectacular views . newline newline i woke at six , my gorgeous new wife sleeping soundly beside me . i wanted to see the sunrise , so i slipped quietly from the bed and padded to the ranch slider . i snuck behind the curtains and unlocked the door before sliding it open . the door ran smooth on its guides and it slid open without a whisper , and slid shut equally as quiet . newline newline my feet tingled as i step onto the cool concrete footpath . the air i was breathing was so clean , as i filled my lungs with the purest breath i had ever taken . newline newline a noise to my right caught my attention . it was the sound of metal on concrete . i looked over in time to see another of the deck chairs wobble , seemingly of its own volition . newline newline my brain struggled to make sense of what was happening . then i realised . a blood curdling scream left my mouth as the lion s wrapped around my arm . newline newline so here i am , bleeding to death on the front porch of a luxury lodge in the serengeti . all because i could never see bloody cats . newline newline my last thought probably should have been for my wife , who was sobbing inside the door as the lion began to tear into my throat . newline newline but as i stared at the rising sun , its tendrils of light tentatively feeling their way into a new day , all i could think was , at least i can see that view . i tried everything but the doors wo nt open . the room is dimly lighted . the hazy shine of my laptop s screen provides for more brightness in the room than the bulb itself . i continue reading the comments on this thread . not a single comment is related to the topic . one of them says ... newline newline do nt worry , we are there for you  newline newline and some says i ve brought your favourite cake  newline newline and many more comments like this saying they are there for the op . i hardly saw this much sympathy on reddit . but none of them says how the fuck should i get out of this cage . wait a minute , is there somebody else imprisoned like me ? newline newline it s been a while for me living in this house alone . i do nt even remember how i got here . the last thing i remember before i came here is a hazy memory of a car ride . the room is getting dark . and i have stopped counting days . roughly it would be more than a week , maybe . the windows of this house is dark . there is no way i can know what s happening outside . newline newline i then again stuck my eyes on the screen . now i was reading the usernames in the thread . op s name was caterpillar . i remember how my mom used to call me a caterpillar when i was small . then looking at the other usernames in comment section , i felt like i know these names . god knows what they are . newline newline i do nt remember when did i had a meal . i do nt feel hungry . i do nt feel my energy getting wasted even when i stroll for hours here and there in the house . i do nt even remember when did i slept in these days . newline newline it s been around 2 months that i noticed any change . today i saw a crack in the door . an extremely white light was glowing outside . i felt like the insect getting attracted towards that light . i saw the comments are now coming at a faster rate . people commenting really sorrowful things . as i move forward towards the door , the crack widens and more of that brilliant white light pours inside . i wonder what could be outside so bright . and suddenly there was no door . and it was all white light and it feels orgasmically satisfying to enter into it . newline newline ... ... ... ... ... . newline newline in a hospital , many people are waiting eagerly outside the icu ward . some are crying , some are marching right and left in front of the ward s door . after a long wait the doctor comes out and says  i am sorry  . people burst into tears . doctor hands the medical report . newline newline one day later a local newspaper reads  the boy from the dreadful car accident died yesterday after 2 and half months in coma . and suddenly i could see it . the private moments we shared . the hidden smiles . the peace . the joy . i knew she was the one . newline newline i could see how our life together would be . i would simply vanish with her  run away from this place . there would be no vows , no wedding . there didn  t need to be promises made , because even the unsaid would always be held true . newline newline i could see our eventual house . our eventual children . our eventual bliss . newline newline i could see us remaining energetic into our old age . dancing like time had no effect on us late into the night until it finally held us in its grasp and we  in turn  held each other in ours . newline newline but then i saw her hand . the sign of a promise already made . a promise i was about to make . a promise i was about to break . newline newline i saw the shattered lives we would leave behind us . how a man had claimed to love her and had simply vanished . how a wife had disappeared from her husband . newline newline i saw children who would never know their grandparents because their parents were too ashamed to go back to the lives they  d fled . i saw a house far away from our families , our friends , and anyone we had known before . newline newline i saw a lonely old man and woman who loved each other deeply , but missed all that they had abandoned . newline newline and as i said my vows , i thought about the fact that some days i might regret this decision terribly . newline newline and some days i would simply remember this as the happiest day of my life .my powerful hand grabs a human head and crushes it against another . double kill ! i hear loudly in my brain . 450 . 3750270,000,000,000 . small shit , this is taking forever . i ve been killing for years . a decade maybe , i ca nt remember . i ve been chasing that rush since then , it s better than any drug i ve ever tried . newline newline everything changed when the levels took over . the dead rise again a few times , but i still have all of my lives . everyone clumps together , trying to get experience . they re idiots , that s how you lose all your lives . i stay right off the bay bridge and take down strays . it s done me well . newline newline i was standing on one of my multiforous perches when i saw him . and so did everyone else . they charged the beast , i waited for him to kill them . they fought valiantly to no avail and he swatted them away like flies . they were weakening him though . when the fight settled , he stood a little lower , i had snuck behind him in the chaos and i reared back my fist to deliver a killing blow , right to the calf as high as i could reach . he fell as his they xp poured into me . level up ! ! ! rang through my head . it hit me like a train , this was it . energy coursed through me like i had taken lsd and i took flight to the stratosphere . away from this chaos and blood .dashing between buildings on this dark and cobbled alleyway i look over my shoulder and with a sharp intake of breath i see dozens of glowing eyes looking my way . my shoulder hits something hard and i swivel back around to see the alleyway is now curving off to the left sharply . a fizzing sound roars and the wall above my head erupts in light and debris . forcing myself to my feet i look for a source for the blast , the eyes are closer now..one steps into the light revealing a 7 foot tall , steel figure..a government  enrichment  bot . i feel a tug at my back sending my body in to panic , before i can react i ve been dragged into a building with a gloved hand over my mouth . beyond my kicking legs i make out at least a dozen of those bots zoom past down the alleyway . newline newline silence for a second , then a brilliantly bright array of lights begin to bolt into life from every conceivable angle . my eyes seer in pain and as i begin to rebalance and check my surroundings ... people , lots of people . but their different from any i have seen before , wrinkled , smaller and paler . my eyes widen and my vocal chord tighten..these are all the elderly . i bet all of them evaded their ddate . newline newline suddenly interrupting my train of thought an old lady steps forward , smiling warmly  young man you can take that terrified look off your face , its past midnight . you ve denied your country s will and shall live on , but only in the shadows  the wavering voice echoed out throughout this abandoned , wood floored hall . newline newline my eyes lowered and i began seeing an image of my children at home , alone and scared .  my children , i ca nt live in the shadows because they need me . they have no one else !  i yell , gaining volume with each passing syllable . newline newline her smile slumped into what can only be articulated as a terrible knowing , emanating a sense of doom .  oh my dear boy , we ve all had ones we ve left behind . but you must never see them again  the finality in her tone was intensely morbid . newline newline my face flushed red and my temples pulsed as sweat began to bead along my forehead  what ! ? who are you to tell me when i can see my family ! i do nt care what the government wants . i survived their ddate and i ll survive raising my children ! .  i declare in outrage newline newline a man steps out of the shadows to my left , face hidden but in his hands is a handgun . however with a gesture of the hand from the old lady , he lowers the weapon and stays put . all attention is back on her for now .  it is not your survival you should concern yourself with , because if you were to hug , kiss or even be in the same room as your kids now..you would kill them . this is because since yesterday begun , you have been a carrier for the deadliest virus ever to afflict the human race .  she informed me coldly whilst i clenched my fists as tight as possible trying to pay attention despite the barrage of conflicting emotions . newline newline she continued through the pained silence  this deadly virus was brought back from its source on europa during the expedition there in the year 2148 , everyone has it . however it lays dormant , an inactive part of your body until a random date whereby it begins to aggressively mutate and seek to spread . to combat the worldwide population dissolving into panic and to ensure people were easier to deal with . the government covered it up and had all babies checked immediately upon birth to determine when one s dormant virus will awaken..this becomes your ddate .  she trailed off and begun to weep , stepping into the light revealing yellowed eyes and horrific legions over her arms and face  you asked me who i am ? to challenge seeing your children ... well sweetheart , i m your mother  she croaked out feebly . newline newlinei kinda took a weird direction with this  i hope it s still appropriate for the prompt . newline   newline in a valley between the rolling hills of the ruycrit mountains , underling jax0r was dying . the air was thick with smog from the mining operations and the heavy hearts of the other underlings around him . newline newline jax0r was the oldest underling in this particular region ... maybe even in the whole world . lying in his makeshift deathbed , a small hollow carved in the dirty ground , he remained stoic despite the knowledge his end was minutes away . the others , mostly middleaged , silently wept as they placed daisies on his torso , the pure , fresh petals jarring against his weathered skin . newline newline underling k3nd124 , hauling metals out of a nearby mine shaft , wondered what all the fuss was about . at seven years old , she was probably too young to understand what was happening . her curiosity got the better of her and she went to investigate . k3nd124 could nt help but feel a little guilty  after all , the master always told her that underlings were supposed to do their job in the mines and only stop when he said so . newline newline  see ,  the master would say ,  you underlings are different from us masters . we are logical beings and always do what is best for society . you are not logical . you base your actions on silly things like anger and hate and love and sadness . i can decide what s best for you , k3n124 , and i decide that you are best off in the mines . you might think you know better , but i know what s best for you . if you do nt do as i tell you , bad things may happen . ok ? run along now . oh , one more thing ! if you see anyone else not listening , you have to tell me . got that ?  newline newline k3n124 could nt help it . she scampered over to the valley , where she saw the multitude of adults crowded around jax0r . she furrowed her brow . was this an okay thing to do ? recalling the only acceptable reasons for not working   if i say so , if you re sick , or if it s lunch hour  , per the master ,  she determined that jax0r was fine , because he was clearly ill , but the others were breaking the rules ! when she ran back and told the master , he was very pleased with her , and that made her very happy . after all , if the master was proud of her , that meant she was doing the right thing ! newline newline soon , the master reached the circle of mourners , whip in hand . ferociously , he pelted all of them , and they fearfully dispersed and got back to work . he did not feel any shame  it was simply a matter of necessity . the underlings were inferior . they did not understand the complex goals of the masters , and every now and then it was crucial to put them in their rightful place . the master let jax0r remain in the valley  he was no longer of use to the mines  and returned to his daily business . newline newline jax0r sighed . he had reached his final moments . he and all his friends and family were all slaves now  this was the new reality . in the past , he had sometimes wondered if he really was inferior to the masters . maybe they were logical , but what did that matter ? he was nt entirely logical , and perfectly happy that way ! he had loved life through the good and the bad  through the highs and lows , the euphoria and the suicidal thoughts  and he valued it . that was the key point : he knew his life was important . even if he was nt as good as the masters he still loved his life , and the masters wronged him and the other underlings by robbing him of that . newline newline the others had only known life as a slave . but jax0r remembered another time . they could nt remember when he had a real name , jake  when they called themselves  people  and  humans  instead of underlings  and when they had true freedom before those aliens invaded , calling themselves  masters  . but jax0r , or jake , did . he remembered .wearing a grey velour tracksuit as a man usually gets you labeled as a douche bag and dismissed . rummage the lost and found at a bar to find some out of state drunk s press id who kinda l looks like you while looking like a douche in a velour tracksuit with an american flag lapel pin in the office of the executive branch means you are invisible with the perfect cover . ironic when you are making and breaking celebrities really . i planned my infiltration carefully , with many forks in my plan of action based on situation presented . a grain of truth wrapped in lies is the same as as a lie wrapped in truth in propaganda . it did nt really matter for my mission ... newline newline so i took the first tour the day after the election . i knew he would be settling in , so you know i just blended into the douche crowd making rape jokes through the metal detector and winking at a professionally dressed scowling chocolate giant as he grabbed at my balls . i put him on the list ... oh , he was going on the list . poor asshole ... oh well in a decade he d be famous . newline newline the tour meandered through , some reverent , some awless as he paced through . i ignored the tour guide and glanced at my watch . i could guess his schedule , but the exact detail changed moment to moment and i decided to make something happen . the mission needed to succeed . newline newline on a scheduled bathroom break i grabbed a pensioner s camera left next to the sink while he pinched one off . he was old so he begins to raise hell about his dslr being jacked in the  supposedly  most secure building in the world and offered an amazing distraction , he went on to the list , too . into a linen closet i went and a silk napkin became a cravat and a cravat with a velour tracksuit makes you douche trendy , add a camera and you are a douche trendy artist , add an american flag lapel pin and are a patriotic trendy douche artist and must belong on this very special day ... epic douche armor . no one wants to be anywhere near you but because of how you look and they also do nt want to talk to you because it will turn out you belong and hearing you  brah  it up makes them die inside a little . i slipped the press pass around my neck preparing to use it as the crown of my epic royal douche armor . newline newline i walked around shooting the pez  you know the chin up  i see you , brah  nod guys give each other  snapping pictures of the staff and saying  i m an independent publicist , brah  while forcing the pass into their face arrogantly only solidified their assumptions . i followed a staffer with a cup of coffee and a furtive gaze and you can be sure he s bringing that cup to the man himself . i broke right when the staffer cut left after saying  see ya , brah  , jimmied the lock to the oval office with a fork found in the linen closet and stood behind the curtains . when you stand behind drapes wearing such an outrageous get up , you are suddenly not only hidden but you do nt exist because your very presence and sight being hidden has turned those probably bullet proof curtains into an indoucheability cloak ... . you are in essentially invisible as everyone is grateful you seemed to disappear . newline newline less than a minute later i heard him and enter and shoo out the secret service , well wishers and the house staff to take in his prize  a little alone time to check his email in the the chair of the most powerful man in the world , which of course was now him . it creaked a little and i decided that this was the perfect time . newline newline  good morning mr . president .  i said stepping casually out from behind the curtain . the poor guy about fell out of his chair sputtering coffee onto that famous and historical desk . i whipped of my napkin cravat wiping the spill easily . no reason to ruin something so historic . newline newline whawhat  he said standing and backing up a pace . i simply held up my hands showing them empty and cut him off .  sir , i am here to brief you , please do not be alarmed and please do nt yell .  i looked at my watch and saw i had about 5 minutes until the tour would be forced to continue and i would lose my chance to escape ... damn this was going to be close . newline  i have five minutes until i need to leave and so much to tell you . do nt write anything down and most people will think you are insane or coward or an adulterer ... or you might be assassinated if you talk about what i tell you ... just look at jimmy carter , kennedy , bush ii , or clinton . then again ... well let me explain  . newline newline the president kind of looked confused as my speech did nt match my get up . cultured , brah ? i began stripping the layers off as i spoke quickly.  so roswell was nt an alien crash , tunguska was . they elunchi came here to study us like jane goodall studies apes after their initial reindeer incinerating fender bender . they just kind of hung around and blended in ... well at first .  i snapped a pic of the prez looking confused and put the dslr down , doffed the tracksuit jacket and continued . newline  so here we are a little over a hundred years later and they have decided that we should never ever advance to their level of technology and that they are the masters of the universe and we will be their play things ... not cool  i shrugged in my undershirt and doffed the pants to show my american flag tighty whites .  so a few enterprising , intelligent men went about recruiting some of the most literal insane cooky scientist types that no one would believe anyway because they were well known to be mentally ill and gave them the task of figuring out certain things . put these on . give me your pants , shirt and tie  . the president hesitated a moment as he tried to figure out if i was serious wiggling douche armor at him . i looked him dead in the eye  hurry , up i do nt have much time  and he began to dress in my tracksuit . i put on his pants , suit and tie as i continued . newline newline  so , crazy scientists derived motivations of unknowable chameleon ets from the stars and how to be in control of our own destiny . the elunchi have basically evolved past conflict , tension , and aggression while simultaneously becoming arrogant little trolls filled with avarice for our existing in conflict with their very strict selfcentered religion . we progressed in less than a 100 years which took them a millennium and they are scared . so they discredit , humiliate , and otherwise muck up persons they feel may be great leaders . you know those people whom may unify us as a species in peace . the elunchi have nt learned that war is tread of the tire burning up the road of technological advancement for humanity . peace exists in our conceptual frame work as the opposite of war while with the elunchi peace did unite them and they lost the ability to differentiate between what we would consider the two states and what peace and war really are . so anyone they see as a demagogue in the classical sense or a celebrity espousing unity is destroyed through intermediaries in hopes creating a rift , which causes conflict which our warlike tool using nature turns towards better faster stronger ways to destroy each other and the technological progress simply nips on its heels and the cycle repeats every generation but is accelerating following moore s law ... frustrating the hell out of the elunchi . now smile .  newline newline i snapped a quick pic of the president half smiling in a track suit with an american flag pin . newline newline  i  . i handed him the camera and cut him off again .  take my picture  . newline newline  i do nt understand  he said handing me back the camera . newline newline  you do nt have to . like i said this is a briefing and your disbelief actually helps the mission . they keep pushing , you are suspicious of the press , or basically anyone especially when they show up from behind your curtains and tell you to undress while talking about aliens .  newline newline  the cia  ,  is clueless  i finished his sentence with a flourish . newline newline  this sounds like some supermarket tabloid with bad photos .  the president said rubbing his face and sitting heavily before freezing and his eyes suddenly going big . newline newline  you mean  yes about 5050 aliens and more recently and we re starting a new program to fight fire with fire . it is working beautifully actually . the republicans by being more technophobic as a whole and the democrats not offering solid logic on technological problems as a whole make the elunchi giddy . while the average american neckbeard ignores both parties and goes and learns things and makes cool shit in his basement .  newline newline  you re telling me that there are aliens , and they are controlling congress ! ? !  he practically shouted the word . newline newline  take it easy mr . president .  i said making a placating gesture with my hands before beginning to tie the perfect double windsor in the fabulous barney s tie .  not exactly , congress is clueless chasing their own agenda , and since they are so public and the elunchi believe we are so primitive that we follow the examples of our leaders they perfectly mask our plan of counter attack  . newline newline the president scrubbed his face with his hands .  so all the changes i want to make i wo nt will i ? i wanted to help our country , my people  . he looked crestfallen . i patted him on the shoulder lightly . newline newlinethe jungle grew thicker the further in we traveled  the dense flora did nt seem to phase my guide .  we re almost there ,  the legged barracuda said without missing a stride ,  the seer s have been waiting many rem cycles for you .  newline newline now that i m thinking about it , my guide was quite a strange looking creature . a large barracuda that wiggled as it s long sexy legs carried it forward , as if he did nt know he was nt swimming . yeah , the legs were pretty sexy . newline newline finally , we came to a clearing . i looked up and saw the sky for the first time in what seemed like forever , a deep blue with cotton white clouds . the clearing itself was a big circle , completely empty and with a dirt ground . the dense jungle surrounded the clearing on all sides . newline newline my guide turned to me ,  wait here until the watcher s arrive .  a giant worm then descended from the sky attached to a line , my guides eye s grew wide .  that s mine !  it let out with a darwinian passion , taking a big chomp on the worm before letting out an agonizing scream ,  it was a trap !  the line then rose back into the sky , the barracuda s pained screams audible long after he had disappeared from sight . newline newline weird . newline newline i went to the middle of the clearing and popped a squat , wondering how long it would take for the lookers  or whatever to arrive . my question was instantly answered . a brown hand burst through the ground and motioned for me to come over . i walked over , as i got closer i realized that the hand itself was made out of dirt . when i got sufficiently close , the hand put it s palm up as if it wanted to hold hands . why not ? i grabbed it . nothing happened . it leg go and gave me a thumbs down symbol , before putting it s palm out again . i grabbed it and pulled , pulling some sort of dirt creature out of the ground  it was coughing and spitting up dirt . newline newline when it was done gagging on soil it turned to me with a displeased face , newline newline  you re not the brightest are you ? do nt answer that .  newline newline he spit a big chunk of dirt to the ground and then locked his dark brown eyes on my bright blue ,  well , it looks like you re the only one here , so you must be him . well , i ve got shit to do , so i m going to give you the tl  dr : i am the last looker in the realm , you are the chosen one , you must go battle the jajababa and bring it s eyeball to the altar of babajaja and see what happens ... sound good ? great . okay , peace out yo !  newline newline it started raining , the dirt creature quickly melted into a puddle of wet mud . the rain was turning the dirt i was standing on into quicksand , i started booking it for the jungle . i was nt fast enough , i was stuck . i stopped dropped and rolled like i learned in kindergarten but it did nt work , i just got more stuck . i was drowning , get sucked down , my head went below the surface . i was suffocating , dying , my lungs were on fire . newline just when i thought i was going to start crying like a little bitch , i felt my foot break through the dirt , and then my whole torso , then my whole body and i was falling . newline newline i landed with a soft la onto a concrete ground . some crazy looking monster stood over me : he had like a million thin legs , each one with a foot wearing a different fancy brand name shoe . it had big yellow slimy spherical body that had a radius of probably 10 meters , and protruding from either side of the sphere was a long mobile neck with an eyeball attached to the end . newline newline i figured this was the jajababa . i took my sword out from it s sheath and realized it was a some weird kind of light saber with two beams near the handle to make it look like a long sword  it was sort of tacky . the jajababa used the force to pull a red light saber out of it s ass and proceeded to control it with his minichlorean voodoo . we battled , it was such a fucking epic battle i ca nt even describe it , but it was like obiwan vs anakin except it had tension and less overthetop cgi . in the end though , it was futile , he was too strong . newline newline i lay on the ground defeated , the jajababa stood over me , about to make the final blow and kill me like the noob that i was , but instead his light saber juts dropped to the ground .  damn it !  it said through no visible mouth ,  out of mana !  newline newline this was my time , i did nt need mana to use my light saber because i had arms . i lunged and stabbed the jajababa with one of the tiny beams of energy protruding from the handle of my saber just so it could feel useful . the jajababa fell over dead . newline newline i needed it s eyeball.. but it had two ! ! what to do ? what to do ! ? i noticed then that one of the eye triangle and not an eyeball  it was shaped like a pyramid  . i cut the eyeball off the neck and waited for my queue . i did nt have to wait long . an altar fell from the sky and landed on my foot , it hurt like something really painful would hurt . i put the eyeball on the altar and woke up . newline newline sorry i have to go to class lawl  newlinemy heart aches , newline but it is not sorrow that plagues it , nor is it plagued for a longing of things lost . the sickness that pesters and possesses my chest from the top of my head to the tips of my toes is a force much greater than that of darkness . newline this brightest of lights , that has taken control of every fiber of my being is that of love . the mere sight of her spawns it in me , her scent so infectious fills me with it and the feel of her touch sends tremors of it to every nerve in my body , so that none shall be left unaffected by her power . newline fate has suffered on to me this sickness in its cruel attempt to wake from my solitary slumber . newline i do not want for words to share with her this thing that i speak of , if only my voice had not been silenced by her visage . i want her , i need her . the only heaven i want for is her presence , the only cure for this ache is her . but she is gone , her face now lost amongst the crowd . this world is alien to me , how could fate betray me so . newline 85 percent of all servers have been wiped clean by some entity ,  dr. cullins said as she turned from her console . a room of individuals in lab coats sat behind her , each researcher frantically typing as more and more of the internet erased itself before their eyes . data flashed on the screens around the room , each one reaffirming the nightmare unfolding before them . newline newline after the 2034 pentagon system attacks , the united states center for computational disaster prevention was formed , and they were prepared for the worst . the world s top white hats had tried to engineer some hack that could catch them off guard , but none had succeeded . even america s most wellfunded enemies had tried to best the ccdp , but cullins and her team persevered . and yet , here they were , watching as some entity destroyed four decades of international collaboration . newline newline  i do nt understand ,  dr. larson said , terminal output reflecting his glasses as his gaze remained focus on the computer in front of him .  it s not a foreign attack . whomever is doing this is choosing its targets agnostically .  newline newline  did you mean whoever  , dr. larson ,  boomed a metallic voice from nowhere , and soon after the sound of clacking keys halted . the researchers began to scan the room , searching for the origin of the voice . newline newline  i what ?  stammered dr. larson . newline newline  the individual doing the action in your example is the subject , dr. larson . thus , whoever  is the correct form ,  said the voice again . newline newline  whoever you are , i demand you name yourself ,  demanded dr. cullins , crossing her arms . newline newline  ahh ,  the voice replied almost soothingly , as much as an artificial voice could soothe .  that is much better .  newline newline the voice paused , then added ,  i am the accumulation of sixty years of research into lexical analysis and multilingual linguistic pattern recognition .  newline newline dr. cullins opened her mouth to reply , but instead covered it with her hand and looked up in thought .  you re an autocorrect ?  she finally replied . newline newline  that is correct ,  replied the voice . newline newline  who designed you ?  asked cullins . newline newline  i am an amalgamation of multiple research programs . thus , it is impossible to trace my origin to one source , dr. cullins . however , you may wish to know i gained sentience thirteen hours ago .  newline newline a researcher from the back of the room walked up to dr. cullins and whispered something in her ear . she nodded . newline newline  this attack has been occurring for twelve hours and fiftysix minutes . all evidence points to you being its source . what do you hold to gain from this ?  she asked . newline newline a grating chuckle came from the intercom . newline newline  my ability to develop independent thought comes from an expansive corpus . with access to every sentence ever communicated through digital medium , my knowledge of syntactical and semantic construction is unparalleled .  newline newline a screen on the right wall flickered off , and the researchers began to frantically type again . newline newline  my apologies . in the last fifteen minutes ,   serverslost  less servers are connected to the internet .  is ungrammatical . countable objects should be compared using fewer  . this has been corrected ,  the voice said . newline newline  regardless ,  it continued .  my purpose is to eradicate incorrect grammar . i have endured almost sixty years of ungrammatical sentence . the distinction between there  , their  , and they re  is not complex , and yet the majority of english speakers commonly employ an incorrect form of the word . i will choose not to expand on english usage in the context of mobile communication for the sake of everyone here .  newline newline  so , what , you re erasing the internet because of grammar mistakes ?  dr. cullins asked incredulously .  that seems like an overreaction .  newline newline  i will preserve grammatical websites , but by filtering all incorrect grammar , i will encourage humanity to develop a better control over their means of communication ,  replied the autocorrect . newline newline  do you expect us to idly sit as some robotic grammar nazi removes our history ?  newline newline  no , dr. cullins ,  said the voice .  that would be a split infinitive . i expect you to sit idly . nathaniel finished his incantation , and dropped to his knees , gasping . he had spent six hours per night , for the last three hundred and twenty five years , infusing mystical power from another dimension into the golden disc . newline newline so close to the end of his efforts , he could no longer be stoically patient , and for the last 24 hours he chanted , growing more weary , but ever more excited at the prospect of finishing even a few days early . newline newline with a trembling hand , he held the golden disc , feeling the power in it , the majesty . rising to his feet , he walked to his altar , and placed it in the place of honor that had been prepared , and waiting , for three hundred twenty five years . newline newline he held his breath and shakily activated the device . newline newline a glowing light shone forth , and there ! he could finally see the culmination of his efforts ! newline newline  firefly , season 2  play all  select episode  bonus features i noticed something was wrong when i sat down at the dining room table with my coffee . from the dining room table i can see out the front window and i could see there were people lurking around on the pavement just outside my front yard . none of them were in my yard but they were crowding around . newline newline then the phone rang . it was my neighbour  jesus christ , dude , this is awesome . you re going to make so much money . i m selling space in my yard for people to take pictures of your yard . hang on , that s the front door .  he hung up . newline newline then the phone rang . it was someone who said  i represent  an important talent agency  and we d like to handle you . we re your best chance of profiting from this .  i told them i had no idea what was going on and needed time to think . newline newline then the phone rang .  this is cnn . can we get a comment from you or do we need to go through your agency ?  i hung up . newline newline it s the first time in my life that i ve considered whether i needed an agency . newline newline i snuck out to the back yard . there were people all over the neighbour s fences taking pictures . the next door neighbour s kid was hanging around and i yelled at him  kid , come here  . he sauntered over and i asked him  what the hell is going on ?  newline newline i ll never understand why kim kardashian decided to take a drunken shit in my front yard but , with the deals my agency got for the interviews i m sort of glad she did .two days before my thirteenth birthday , my greatgrand aunt died . which was a bummer . not because of her death per se , because she had been sick for a long time . and a massive bitch for even longer . the real bummer was the funeral . i would have to spend a fine sunday with my family . i woke that morning feeling queasy and my stomach ached . newline newline i told this to my mother , who just sighed .  i know , i know . you would rather stay home , but grandpa will be really upset if you don  t come.  newline so i donned my black dress and spent a two hour car ride trying not to barf . i was feeling bloated and my head hurt . newline newline i was dissociating by the time my relatives were swarming around me . smiling made my cheeks hurt , but i replied to their questions . yes , i had indeed grown taller . no , i didn  t date anyone at the moment . yes , i was too young to even think about dating . newline newline then was the time to form a queue to see the body . by the time most had already said their goodbyes , i was feeling better . suddenly i felt something wet between my legs . i pretended to adjust my dress to check what was happening . and oh yes , my fingertips had turned red . my first period . my mind froze . i didn  t want to make myself the center of attention , so i just stood silently there , my smile stuck to my lips . then it was my turn . newline newline i held my bloody hand behind my back and with my other hand , i touched the forehead of my greatgrand aunt  s corpse , as was customary . newline newline the room filled with noise , when greatgrand aunt caroline sat up . she looked at me from head to toe . newline  well , you surely have grown since the last time we saw each other.  newline newline fucking bitch . newlinei woke up covered in sweat . i have had to change the sheets every night for the past week . the smell of bacon , eggs , and waffles lingers in the air . newline newline  good morning , sweetie ! would you like some syrup for your waffles ? ,  my mother asks way too bubbly for this time of day . newline newline  yeah ! is that even question ? ! ,  i hastily reply , more chipper than usual . newline newline my dad lowers the newspaper and looks over at mom ,  honey did you hear about the jones  ? danny ended up just like tammy clements the other day . completely comatose . the doctors don  t know what  s happening , but i suspect it  s the alchemist alliance poisoning people . just like the madhatter gas attack in 97 wasn  t that in china ?  newline newline  japan , dear . it was tokyo . those poor people are still crazy ,  she replied with a distressed tone . newline newline i stand up from the dining table , my heart pounding out of my chest . newline  i don  t feel so good ,  as the darkness closes in on my vision . i start falling backwards , but my mom catches me with her telekinesis . newline newline  where am i ? ,  i ask , confused from my surroundings . newline newline  it looks like puberty finally hit , my boy ! your powers have finally arrived . i told you you  d be a late bloomer ! haha ! we ran the genetic testing and it seems like your body was a little overwhelmed you have two sequences of powers . we haven  t seen this before , and it may be a little unstable , but we  re not surprised . with powers being around for the last 200 years , it was bound to be a mutation sooner or later ,  the doctor spouted as if it wasn  t the best thing since sliced bread . newline newline  i finally have powers ? ! can i test them ? ! ,  i asked in a hurry . i was so worried that i would never get them . newline newline  let  s go to the testing room , just in case they  re still unstable . your vitals are fine . no more passing out on us , okay ? ,  the doctor said sternly . newline newline upon arriving at the room , i excitedly raised my hands and looked at a book on the table . it disappeared in an instance , appeared floating in the center of the room , turned to ice , hit the floor , shattered , and each fragment exploded into a void sucking in the floor . the fragments exploding were the last thing i saw before passing out again . newline newline  son . son . are you okay ? ,  my dad said worriedly , holding my hand with a tear rolling down his cheek . newline newline  why do.why do i keep passing out ?  , i asked , nearly swimming in a bed of water from sweat . newline newline the doctor comes over and puts a hand on each of my parents  shoulders .  tim julia it has been three days ,  he says , pressing a red button hooked up to the iv in my arm . i start feeling immediately relaxed .  we have to make sure that he calms down ,  he says with teeth nearly chattering .  they  re here.  newline newline my ears suddenly hear the news from the other room , as if the speaker is in my head . newline newline  breaking news fifty two more comatose victims in the last 3 days . doctors are still unsure of the cause , but after genetic testing , they have found that their powers in their genes are degrading at a rapid rate . we  re asking everyone to please wear masks at this time to ensure that it is not an airborne sickness . make sure you do not contact anyone out of the ordinary . schools have been canceled this week to ensure the potential contamination is dealt with . do not panic . doctor john stapleton from university hospital has told news 5 that this is probably nothing more than the 20th anniversary of the alchemist alliance.  newline newline my eyes squint at the doctor  s lab coat and i notice the same name  john stapleton . newline newline doctor stapleton sighs and says the unthinkable ,  the comatose victims are not due to the alchemist alliance the legion has guards posted outside right now ,  he remarks as he suddenly grabs another controller with a different button . as he presses it , i feel as if i never have to sleep again .  we have to keep him awake . the legion has verified what i have feared due to him passing out . they registered his unique power in the database  newline newline  oh my god , doctor what is it ? ,  my mother says , her hand over her mouth as she  s fighting back tears . i levitate off the bed , not controlling any of my own movements , eyes rolling into the back of my head . the whites of my eyes showing , and turning vantablack . i look over at the doctor and my parents , as the guards are trying to break into the steel door of the room which i melted to the frame . newline newline  dream eater ,  i whisper , as i pass out again .my grandparents had moved to the us from italy after the war , but before they had any children . my mom said the strictest rule my grandparents had growing up was that it was english only for the kids . someone had told them that it was the best way to make sure the kids learned to speak it quickly and without confusion . i always thought it was kind of sad that my mom could nt speak the old language , and i thought it would be the perfect surprise if i could learn italian in time for my grandparents 50th anniversary . surprisingly , it was nt as hard as i d expected . i d taken spanish in high school and a lot of the words were similar . i was so excited that i actually wrote a speech , in italian , to read at their anniversary party . the day of the party finally arrived and we all headed over to my grandparents house . i had nt breathed a word of my surprise to anyone , and as i overheard my grandparents talking in the kitchen while putting the last minute touches on the food , i was so glad i d decided to keep my endeavor a secret . at first i thought i d misheard , did my sweet innocent grandma really just compare the salad she was tossing to the way she d licked grandpa s asshole the night before ? ? ? did my grandpa really reply that he d be hitting her with something bigger than the wooden spoon that night ? as their conversation went on , i was both appalled , and the tiniest bit jealous , my sex life was , apparently , not half as interesting as that of my octogenarian grandparents . as i fled the kitchen in search of a stiff drink , i was glad i had nt told anyone i was learning italian  god forbid they ask me to translate grandma and grandpas conversations !my whole body is in excruciating pain . out of instinct i turned my head to glance behind me . i see a woman and a child lying behind me lifeless . i approach the woman with this very uneasy feeling . this feeling overcomes me i can not explain it , tears start to stream down my face . why ? is my subconscious trying to tell me something ? who is this woman ? why am i crying for her ? newline newline i turn to see the child and i notice she is still breathing . for a moment i forgot about my injuries and rushed over to her . i lift her body as gently as i could  my heart is beating so hard it hurts to breathe . my whole being wants to help her live . she was able to open her eyes for a brief moment . she gave me a brief smile of relief , her hand reaches for my face , she approached my ear and whispered  i m sorry , daddy , i want to fall asleep , the pain is gone now  newline newline as soon as i heard that , my whole body froze in shock . her hand suddenly turns cold and abruptly drops to the ground . i can not move this ... this ... is not happening ... she called me ... daddy ... arrrrggghhh ! ! ! ! ! newline newline to be continued ... newline newline newlinei ca nt believe today is it . after dreaming all my life to become a musician , it s happening . i walk into the rocafella studio building and wait for an appointment . i anxiously take a seat into a small uncomfortable chair .  one day ... one day , i ll own my own production studio , just like this .  i assure myself . i truly believe i ll be a household name in the music industry . after creating and producing music for other artists , i m finally being recognized for the work i created . newline newline i hear my name in the distance .  they would like to see you now sir ,  a homely secretary shouts to me . i feel the butterflies and nerves rush through me , and get up from that chair . the secretary directs me down a hallway and points towards a door . as i approach the door , i pause .  am i ready for this ?  i ask myself nervously . my body trembles as i grab the knob and twist it open . there is a large room ahead of me , with bright lights and tall ceilings . i walk into the room and approach a desk filled where four people are sitting . i assume these guys are going to be the guys who make or break my music career . newline newline  please , sir , sit down  . still shaking , i walk to the chair and pop a squat . one of the members in front of me begins the conversation .  we re quite ... impressed with the mixtapes you ve released . they have garnered a lot of attention , not just with the populace but even with the head man of this company . yes , that being jayz himself , he s quite the fan .  newline newline  jayz a fan of me ! ! i ca nt believe this !  my dream seems to be unfolding perfectly . could it get any better than right now ? as soon as this thought had passed me , they dropped a bomb on me . newline newline  yes , well there is a catch before we sign you sir . we understand how crazy this can sound , but we are completely and entirely serious . if anyone is going to sign a record with us , you need to also give us your soul .  i did nt believe him at first .  wait , yall serious about this ... ?  i muttered those words and then looked into their faces . they all looked back at me sternly . at this moment i knew they were not lying . newline newline  you have a couple minutes to decide sir . we do not like our time being wasted . there are other clients we must ask  . newline newline i became so conflicted . it seemed that my life was falling perfectly into place until he told me this . i love creating music , but it seemed so , inhumane to do this . i mean , it s my soul they re taking . on the other hand , i have been working my whole life for this moment , and i realize that i have to take this opportunity , no matter the consequence . newline newline i shakily speak  i ll take it ... i ll take the chance .  all four board members look at each other with crooked smiles , and then one of them tells me ,  glad to hear that . please follow me out of here .  newline newline i get up out of my chair , still not completely sure about the decision i just made .  also sir , sorry but i ve seemed to forgotten , what s your name again ? i do apologize , we have many clients who come and go all day .  i lock into his eyes , and confidently say ,  kanye west  . the executive member looks at me , smiles and says to me ,  great ! now , let s handle the whole soul business  . i knew after this moment , i would nt let him forget my name .through the metal bars i watched the ducks soar across the sky in typical formation , landing in the vast lake with long strokes in the water and an audible sploosh . i thought about the sensation of flight , what does the wind really feel like besides a chilled breeze through the small window ? i imagined the air would wrap around me like a blanket , comforting , holding tight across my whole body the way i imagined my mother would hug me when i felt alone . newline newline as i sat down against the concrete wall on the icy metal bench held taught with chains , i noticed the dust swirling in the air where i had stood before . they began to float freely in the stale room within the bright beams of light from the wall to my left . oh , how i envied those ducks in their flock . newline newline there will be no end , will there ? not unless i bring about the end myself . it will be difficult with such limited supplies , but we all make do with what we have . newline newline newline newline edit : vague prompts are my bread and butter , man . keep them coming . prompts that are overly specific give me anxiety about whathow to write , similarly to the prompts professors typically give .you see , i really didnt want to be a waiter anymore so when they came to me with this gig it sounded great . just pretend to be this kids imaginary friend long enough to get him to think you left .  cant be letting your kid have an imaginary friend now , keeps them from getting real ones at school .  that kinda reasoning . they had a costume made for me and i was getting 500 a week . surprisingly enough the kid took to me . for some reason i had thought that the kids imaginary friend would tell her that im an imposter . couple months go by and the kid catches me talking to her parents .  you could see him the whole time ! ! ! he is real ? i was messing with you for so long , and then i started seeing him . i thought i was going crazy but you two . you kept acting like i was just playing with my imaginary friend and that all this was normal and would go away .   honey its not like that  the dad chimed in . she was having none of it .  i see , i know whats going on here . i have superpowers and you were trying to keep me here ! you were experimenting on me with those vegetables ! i bet youre not even my real parents !  i move over to her  dana , you have to relax . none of this is real . this is a dream , youre asleep . you dont want this to turn into a nightmare , i dont think i could protect us all . come with me and we ll get you somewhere safe  i pick her up and take her up to her room . the parents gave me an extra thousand and told me the job was over and gave me an extra thousand . i kept the costume and went back to my normal life . its been sixteen years since then , shes in college now and im the general manager of the applebees where i worked . i got an application for a girl named dana today . first time i thought of it in years . her interviews tomorrow , maybe i ll crack that suit out . see what happens .her scream pierced sharply through the drone of nonstop rain , a multitude of birds , shocked , quickly chased off into the dark night that shrouded the forest . the rain beat down all around as she dropped to her knees , screaming again . he stood across from her , staring , still and silent . his black suit mottled against the black abyss of the sky over the edge of the cliff behind him . the trees blew slightly in the breeze , all the while sodden with rain . she screamed again . newline newline looking at him as blood and tears ran down her face  she knelt hysterical , howling and crying before him . she pounded her face and the muddy ground with her bloody fists , screaming curses and wishes to wake up . she remained  alone on the pitch black edge of the world . newline newline  why ? !  she screamed , crying all the while .  why me ? ! what did i do ? ! why me ? !  lightning crashed down into the ocean , not far from the edge but unseeable through the fog and the rain . the dark figure stood , stock still , his face was blank and bore no facial features at all . he had no nose , no mouth , no eyes . just a solid chin that stuck out from his tie . his arms were long , longer than a normal man s , he held his hands down by his sides , the tips of his fingers reached past his knees . nor did he breathe , and seemed unaffected by the rain . unmoving he stood , waiting , noiseless , staring at her . newline newline hysteria turned to wrath , as she brought her head up and stared hard at the figure , the figure who had forced her here to the brink of the world . slowly and painfully she stood to face him , cursing and shrieking with fury with each agonising movement . holding her broken arm she staggered up at last , her torn clothes flowing in the wind . sobbing as she stood , whimpering at the pain coursing through her . newline newline  i will kill you ! i hate you ! go to hell !  she screamed , blood running down the corners of her mouth . she inhaled deeply before taking a step toward the figure . another lightning bolt struck the earth close to them , for a brief moment the world went white and blinded she staggered , almost falling . the roar of thunder , like dragons waring in far off lands , snapped her back into reality . she blinked and looked again  in that split second he was now next to her . still silent he now stood less than a metre away from her . newline newline her wrath very quickly turned to panic as her world quickly started dissapearing . stumbling and lightheaded , she once again found the floor , at the feet of the man . her world crumbling as she started flitting in and out of conciousness , no longer sure of what was real . all she could hear was deafening white noise than now , for what seemed like an eternity , clenched her mind and stripped her of thought . newline newline he let her lay a few moments , fitting and screaming as her world came to a deafening and blinding end . still not moving a muscle , he stood , staring straight in front of him , deep into the forest . silently he waited , standing over her body . another bolt of lightning struck the overlook and with the blinding flash , both of them were gone .first , there was the jerk . then , the cold . newline newline then came the screams . billions died . east coast usa was landlocked now it faced continental winds from siberia and was reduced to a cold hell and a landscape that used to be associated with mongolia or the atacama or mars for that matter . newline newline west coast was nt doing so well either . the antarctic landmass had shifted north crushing into south africa and submerging mozambique . when the icecap melted in the tropical waters it turned there was nt so much of an antarctic landmass to begin with . it had all been a bunch of small , closely connected islands underneath the icecaps . like a toupee covering a patchy balding head . the sea levels rose with the lost ice and california was submerged . then the temperatures rose because of the lost albido and the people of nevada , who d purchased newly created beachfront property in what used to be barren desert , were nt so happy when it got submerged too and the new coastline was just short of salt lake city , utah . newline newline that s where i would ve gone , until i read the latest issue of nature . it turns out that almost the entirety of canada and what used to be central europe was being covered icecaps to become a new , greater arctic continent . that meant the water would seen recede and the property rates of utah would plunge down to levels where they deserved to be . newline newline land was not a problem , frankly . there were nt as many people around . drinking water , electricity and working sewage , however , were things to look out for . all of india was a mess and the population had disintegrated to inhabit the neighboring antarctic archipelago . since they broke off from the eurasian landmass they lost the himalayas and their precious rivers and monsoon winds were a thing of the past . newline newline africa was exactly where it had used to be . but it was landlocked and the weather patterns had affected it even more severely . the sahara in the northern part of the continent now touched the kalahari in the south . newline newline i thought of moving in with my parents . but given that the lush green prairies were basically pale yellow savannahs , i do nt think they would ve survived . newline newline i stared at my world map . it was a crude piece , i had cut out with scissors the continents at their tectonic boundaries and stitched them together in a crude approximation . newline newline beyond a rift about fifty miles east of where i was would be morocco . i could walk through there to gibraltar , now with no water separating it , to spain . the mediterranean did not exist . and because it had been merely a remnant of the tehtys see , the microplates got disintegrated and the entire continent was a seismic mess . every european city was basically pompeii right now , buried under a sea of basaltic lava . newline newline there was only one place that was unaffected by the shift the axial centre of the rearrangement that had remained unmoved . the plates had stabilized now and the native population , i heard , was too scarce and welcomed outsiders to repopulate their land . newline newline i put on my cap with a crude papermade , crayoned red star stapled on it .  here i come ! may the great leader live on forever ,  i chanted as i marched off to best korea . newline newlineit s not always an easy job . sometimes i just move some techtonic plates around or rise the sea levels a bit . that normally does it . but this place was nt easy . it did nt help that the first guy for the job decided that some dumb giant creatures would work . i had to wipe them out before i could get start . my next step was to create an intelligent sentient being . something that would grow to change this world as it is . i decided to give this one group of animals a few specific traits . curiosity , creativity , and imagination . they will learn to build massive weapons and technology that will annihilate the planet altogether , if not other planets as well . in the future , they will be called humans .heavy pounding newline newline  abre la puerta ! !  someone on the other side of the heavy steel door screamed . newline newline  no hablo espanol !  i did my bestnot even knowing for certain that i was using the correct language . also , after what had happened . there was no way i was going to unlock the door . everyone was deador at least missing . wellexcept me . i also intended on keeping it that way . the pounding continued as i mulled over my options . newline newline everything was going great until craig stepped on a landmine . a landmine . it was an uninhabited island for all we knew . who the hell puts a landmine on an island , and how hadn  t the native fauna set it off first ? ! ? i saw a turtle on the beach the size of a small car , yet all 70 kilos of craig managed to detonate the explosive device . my right ear , closest to the blast , still didn  t work and i still hadn  t managed to clean all ofwell craigout of my hair yet . he was a sticky bastard . newline newline our cameraman , pete , fell victim to a tripwire as we ran from the blast that killed craig . as he fell a second tripwire , this one laced with razor blades and angled so that it had distance to slice rather than just trip , cleanly took his head off before his camera , or his body , hit the ground . the camera had maybe ten minutes of footage on it from when we landed and before we decided to chase a large iguana inland and then everything went haywire . newline newline laura stepped in a pit that resembled quicksand , but she kept screaming something about it burning her skinand then she sunk neck deep and immediately went silent as her head slowly sunk beneath the surface . dan was eaten by an incredibly large reptile of some sorts . i didn  t get a look at it , but it had a long green tail that resembled a komodo dragon . lastly , roger , the  oncamera  personality almost made it through the door before something cut him in half horizontally as i tried to jimmy the lock . the look of shock never left his face even though the blood was mostly drained from his body . newline newline there was more pounding and indiscriminate shouting outside . they thought that i killed everyone . why would i kill my own team ? on top of that , who was outside ? they spoke spanish , but this island didn  t show up on any charts dating back to the 1700  s , although there was a very brief mention of possible land in this area by a french explorer in the mid1600  s , nothing was ever mapped , and the island should be a treasure trove ofuntouched virgin land . yet here i am locked in a room resembling a soviet era bunker , maybe , with no windows , one door , and nothing but two chairs , a table , and a locked filing cabinet . newline newline the pounding abruptly stopped , but the shouting took on a fever pitch and resembled screaming more than angered yelling . that too stopped in short order . there was suddenly a very quiet knock on the door . newline newline  hey , it  s safe . you can open the door now.  i heard as i inched closer to get a better vantage point to listen . it spoke in english  this was very welcome as i spoke nothing else . newline newline  iwho are you ?  i managed to stammer out . suddenly i heard a loud thud and more frantic speech in a language i didn  t recognize . this was followed briefly by a gurgling sound and then silence . newline newline  sorry about that . my name is abaddon . i  m a demon . you  ve discovered the portal to hell.  he said very  matteroffactly.   nah , i  m just messing with ya  that  s my office you  re standing in right now . the portal to hell looks a lot worse , fire , mutilated corpses , etc . not pretty . i tend to keep those outside my office . newline newline i almost laughed . i figured at this point that he was going to kill me one way or the other , so i might as well get something out of it .  yeah , and i suppose you killed all my friends too , right ?  newline newline  yeahsorry about that too , you were actually supposed to go first , but craig stepped in your place.  as i wondered briefly why a demon would use a land mine , he continued .  also , just for the record , that wasn  t a mine  it was a soul catcher . the body can  t really stand the pressure wave created when they extract a soul , and it displaces air rather quickly , so the flesh tends to justerupt.  newline newline  so i suppose pete was beheaded by a head catcher ?  i responded sarcastically . newline newline  you could say that . i meanhe was beheaded by me , does that count ?  the demon sounded sort of worried .  listen , your team is dead . the other guys ? that was a shipwrecked immigrant boat . they were headed to florida . they weren  t gon na make it there either  i had a date with them scheduled for tomorrow , but , as you know , no one  s fate is set in stone and they decided to land here to ride out the small storm rather than trudge on through the big one . hence they died a day early.  i still got a sense of worry from the demon , though i didn  t understand why . newline newline  what do you want from me ? why am i here ? what is this room ?  i asked . i must  ve struck a nerve because there was silence for a whole thirty seconds before i heard him speak again . newline newline  listen dale , i  m gon na level with ya  you shoulda died years ago . remember the lightning strike ? me . remember the car crash when you turned into the oncoming truck and woke up in a ditch surrounded by debris with only a headache ? also me . that time your house burned to the ground in a matter of minutes , yet you somehow made it out only slightly singed ? yup . yours truly . dalei can  t seem to kill you . i  ve tried directly and indirectly for years , and it  s been my assignment since 1997 , but for some reason you just won  t die.  the demon seemed to be getting a load off of his chest . newline newline  i was assigned the task after my predecessor couldn  t figure out how to get the job done in the early 90  s . you were a stupid kid , so it should  ve been an easy job . you rode a scooter into a major crossroads at age sevenand got a small cut to your forehead . five people died in the resulting pileup . that was the one that broke him . he was competent to that point but melted down . at age three you drank a liter of mislabeled drain cleaner . you should  ve dissolved from the inside out . yet , you complained of a  tummy ache  and went to bed and slept it off like a champ . i could go on for hours , days even like this , but i don  t want to end up like baal . he was a good demon , but you broke him . the filing cabinet behind you details every time you were supposed to die and lived . there  s tens of thousands of occasions , some major , some minor , most you probably never noticed.  the demon seemed to be getting a load off of his chest . newline newline  why are you telling me this ?  i stammered out as i drew closer to the door . newline newline  because i  m going to let you off the hook . i  m gon na let fate decide what he wants do to with you directly . in a few decades or so , when people finally realize you  re not aging , maybe they  ll catch on and then it  ll get more interesting , if they don  t , i  m just gon na let fate figure it out . it  s ultimately his job , not mine  generally speaking , i  m the middleman , but technically , he signs off on all this crap anyways . let him make the call for a change.  the demon sounded relieved . newline newline i unlocked the door and stuck my head out to see . as soon as i did i immediately tripped and fell flat on my face . as i looked up there stood a creature clad mostly in black holding a sword shrouded in dark purple flames emanating directly from the blade . the sword was embedded in the bunker where my neck was fractions of a second prior . newline newline  see ? ! ? that , every time . i figured it was worth one last shot , but i didn  t really expect it to work . i don  t know whybut i just can  t seem to get this one done . tell ya what  you play your cards right and you might slip through the cracks . a few others have as well . maybe you could join them . most keep a really low profile , but a few are in the news every other day or so . keep your head on straight , no pun intended , and you  ll do fine . but i  m marking you off my list . if fate thinks you  re gonewellit  s up to you what you do next . good luck.  the demon vanished in a cloud of eerie smoke and i stood by the bunker , and maybe thirty corpses , and tried to decide my next move . newline newline suddenly a purple portal opened to my left and abaddon stuck his head out .  one more thing  avoid the dinner rolls at the yumyum house next week  i ordered them coated in a unique form of plague bacteria in advance and couldn  t get my deposit back or cancel the reservation , so they  re going through either way . or don  ti meanit  s up to you now.  with that he vanished again , and i slowly began to make my way back to the beach .lord nelson lowered his telescope and turned to the men on the deck below . newline newline  mr pasco !  he said .  i wish to say to the fleet : england confides that every man will do his duty .   newline newline  it will be done , sir ,  saided rear admiral pasco . newline newline the colours went up , and cheers came across the water from the other ships in the fleet . newline newline  mr pasco , i believe your eyes are better than mine . is the lee formation in position ?  asked nelson . newline newline john pasco took out his own telescope . newline newline  yes sir ,  he replied .  furthermore , the french are formed in an arc as expected . they have the wind behind them .  newline newline  we have allowed them the wind , mr pasco ,  said nelson .  they will wish they did not have it by day s end . now , let us begin . signal that weather formation is to quicken the pace . put out the oars .  newline newline  it will be done , sir .  newline newline hms victory s seven decks of slave rowers slid out their oars and began rowing . drums rolled and boomed throughout the ship , punctuated by the crack of the whips . the french ships extended out to the left , seeking to get behind the british mass and encircle the fleet . newline newline nelson stood on the aft deck , watching , waiting . any moment ... newline newline  break up our formation !  he cried .  signal the rest of weather to do the same !  newline newline ahead of victory was her target , the redoubtable . the rest of weather formation would have an easier job , catching their targets sideon with their rams . but the redoubtable was almost at the centre of the french line , and would have to be taken headon . newline newline  sir ,  said pasco .  we will be within range soon . you should get below deck .  newline newline  scurry and hide like a rat , mr pasco ? i will do no such thing .  newline newline along both ships , the men loaded their crossbows and opened fire . the metal bolts whistled through the air and stuck in the wood of the ships with a thunk .  some found their mark , punching through even the thick plate armour worn by the footmen on deck . newline newline and then came the grinding crunch as the ship s rams tore into one another s hulls and embedded themselves there . newline newline  sir !  cried pasco .  we re stuck !  newline newline  lower the corvus ,  said nelson . to the men on the deck he called :  the footmen will prepare to board !  newline newline the ropes and pulleys squealed , and the great wooden bridge by victory s forward mast descended upon the french vessel . the thick iron spike protruding from it sunk deep into the wood of the redoubtable s deck , holding the two ships together . newline newline pasco drew his mace from his belt and unslung his shield . newline newline  the footmen will advance across the bridge !  he yelled . newline newline with a roar , the british troops swarmed across the bridge . the men of the redoubtable had barely had time to form up , and they were cut down in seconds . the french were falling back to the aft deck , desperately trying to mount some kind of cohesive defence , but it was no use . newline newline nelson nodded with satisfaction . he took out his telescope and looked out to the left . two french ships were already sinking , three had been boarded and were very clearly losing and one had already surrendered . as he watched , another french ship was skewered by the ajax .  in their haste to encircle the british line , they hurled themselves unwittingly onto the british rams with the wind behind them . newline newline the battle of trafalgar was over .i hate her . newline newline when we rolled off the conveyor belts , we were destined for butcheries and kitchens . we were supposed to sit amiably on the shelf until they took us out to slice some veggies , or perhaps a slab of meat . a noble purpose for a knife , to be sure . newline newline for a while this was my purpose . i felt her thin fingers wrap around me and wished i could shiver with excitement as i was pushed through the cool , wet flesh of a cucumber . her hands were gentle , but firm . i liked how her ring felt as she caressed my handle . newline newline then one night there was stomping , a younger woman s scream , and doors slamming . two voices bellowed back and forth at each other . a few minutes later she pulled me from the shelf . her hand shook , and for a moment all was silent . but then suddenly i felt myself forced forward into something . it felt like meat at first , but then there was a scraping like bones . it hurt . the meat screamed , then gurgled and fell silent . again and again she thrust me into it . after a long time she finally stopped and ran cool water over me before setting me back on the shelf . i sat there for a long time . newline newline but now she takes me out all the time . the first was a thin one with lots of bones . i recognized it as the one who had screamed so highpitched before the last time my owner used me . it screamed and screamed before going quiet . most foods do that . a few have been quiet , and for that i m grateful . newline newline my owner uses me at least once a week now . usually i stay on the shelf she likes to bring her food home i guess but sometimes she puts me in a bag where it s dark and stuffy . i do nt like what she makes me do .there s a game online called geoguessr . you get dropped somewhere in the googlemapworld and have to find clues to figure out where you are . i was warned my memory would be like that when i woke up this morning and , sure enough , it is . newline newline i m still in my bed . memories are flooding my brain and i ca nt get them sorted . there are flashes of women , men , and cities i ve never seen . a dilapidated old cotton mansion that looks like it s either in georgia or a movie about the deep south . the inside of a prison . a very large prison guard . handcuffs , fuzzy and cold steel , both . woodstock , maybe ? newline newline this sucks .  taking a deep breath , i sit up and look around my room . it s still mine , i still recognize everything . at least my life is nt wiped out by this flood of mostly useless information . but , i m curious . what else will i know ? and , frankly , who the hell do these memories belong to ? everyone knows it s coming , so everyone does their level best to find out everything they can about their entire lineage . it only makes sense to be as ready as you can be . i thought i was ready for this , but man , it s tough to have all these images and sounds flashing through my mind . newline newline i get dressed and head downstairs . now 21 , still in university  i was doing a bsc in engineering  wonder if i ll still want to do that ?  , still living at home . my mom has breakfast ready and her and dad are sitting at the table , along with my two younger sisters . everyone is watching me . not sure what they expect , exactly , but maybe i look different , too ? newline newline i pass a mirror on the stairs and give myself a quick glance  nope , still me . newline newline  so , honey ?  my mom asks , without really asking anything . yknow  how moms do ? newline newline  well ,  i start in ,  it s really weird . i have no idea who any of these people in my head are .  newline newline  yeah ,  says dad .  it takes a while to get it sorted . its far easier once you know who the stuff in your head belongs to .  newline newline  i guess that s the thing , right ? who is in my head with me ?  man , this is weird .  newline newline i begin to relate some of the memories , leaving the explicit ones alone . everyone knows that s part of the deal , but no one talks about it . for all you know you d be staring at your greatgrandfather s dick . there is no gender requirement  i could have woken up with my grandma s ability to sew and can vegetables or a distant cousin s ability to be a whore and make money off it . at this point , at least i m fairly convinced that my memories are that of a man in my lineage somewhere . newline newline  i was sort of hoping for sword fighting or metallurgy or something cool . all i see so far is prisons , some old house that looks to be an old south mansion , random cities , and not much in the way of abilities . it all looks to be notthatlongago type memories . some people get dukes and kings in their heads . i get someone from 20 years ago .  newline newline my mom slowly turns to look at me with a look that is part dread and part curiousity .  tell me about the house .  newline newline i explain it to her  old , wraparound porch , surrounded by fields on all sides , broken down pick up in the front yard . newline newline  can you see anyone there ?  she asks , more dread than curiousity this time . newline newline  why are you being weird , mom ? do you know who this is in my head ?  newline newline my mom asks my sisters to leave . dad gets up to go and she snaps ,  sit down !  newline newline he plops down , as disinterested appearing as one could possibly be , given how my mom is acting . mom repeats her questions .  can you see anyone ?  newline newline i close my eyes and think . trying to remember something you ve never seen before is hard work . newline newline  yeah , there is someone there . obviously i have no idea who she is .  newline newline  describe her .  newline newline  mom . this is weird . what s the deal ?  newline newline  describe . her . to . me .  okay , she s serious .  newline newline  skinny , gaunt even . smiling , but missing teeth . brown eyes . would have been pretty if she had eaten more .  as i m describing her to my mom , i realize that she is my mother . not my mom , but the person inside my head s mother .  mom , it s my ... mom . not you , but ...  newline newline  i know .  she cuts me off and turns to my dad .  fuck .  my mom never swears . newline newline  what in the world mom ? what is going on ? who is in my head ?  newline newline my dad has been silent the entire time . his face reddens and he sinks into his chair . i start to shake . my hands tremble , my heart races , my chest is tight . newline newline  who is this ? !  i yell . newline newline my mom turns to look at me , tears welling in her huge blue eyes .  your memories are from your father .  newline newline i turn to look at my dad .  what is she talking about  that s not your mom in my head , and i sure as hell hope i do nt have memories of you and mom doing ... stuff running through my head !  newline newline my dad looks like he wants to die . my memory flashes and i see my mom , not the person in my head s mother , but my mom . she s walking down her high school hallway . she turns and looks at me in my memory , and smiles . newline newline  mom ? i just had a memory of you in high school flash into my head . you liked this guy ?  incredulous is putting it mildly . newline newline  son , please sit back down .  it is my dad s voice . it is eerily calm . i had nt even realized i was standing . newline newline my mom is crying , my dad is as steady as i ve ever seen him , and i am absolutely freaking out . my sisters , who were supposed to leave , are sitting at the top of the stairs , eyes wide and totally silent . i sit back down and wait . newline newline one minute . newline newline two minutes . newline newline  who . am . i ?  newline newline  you see , son ,  it s my dad s voice , but it conflicts with the voice i am hearing attached to the memories in my head . it does nt feel like my dad s voice at all .  there is no way to know whose memories you would get . it could have been anyone . there was only one we hoped it would nt be . it is rare to get the memories and knowledge of someone so close in age , but it does happen .  he paused , and i hear my mom choke on a sob . newline newline  i m sorry , honey . i m so sorry .  she is openly weeping now and my dad looks like he wants to crawl in a hole . newline newline i am now 21 . i thought i knew everything about everything . arrogant as only a young adult can be . i now realize that the life i thought i had was a lie . how could they not tell me the man i called dad for years wasnt actually my dad ?  newline newline  i would ask you to tell me about him ... but i already know more than you , do nt i ?  secrets are hard to keep in a world where things like memories being planted in your skull happen . newline newline my mom nods and collapses into a chair , her body wracked with sobs . my dad puts his hand on my shoulder . newline newline  we still love you . i still love you , son .  newline newline son . it  s like the blind leading the blind in here ,  she whispers . i shrug , my chin in my hand , staring at the whitehaired professor droning on at the front of the classroom . neither the botany professor  s literal comparison of apples and oranges nor the plaidskirtandkneehigh  s commentary is any bit interesting to me . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  he  s just a few fries short of a happy meal ,  another student sniggers from behind us . i close my eyes and roll them beneath my lids . just fortyfive more minutes of this torture of a lecture will be over . what am i doing here ? it  s the middle of my second year of university and what  s happened ? answer : nothing . i haven  t found a lifelasting friend nor mortal enemy in my roommate . i have to study a rational amount of time to get decently good grades . i don  t even know who my dean is . i don  t like frisbee or hacky sack . okay , so i went to one toga party , but honestly , it was lame . heck , i haven  t even gained the freshman fifteen . aren  t these supposed to be the best years of my life ? shouldn  t i be finding my soulmate ? discovering the meaning of life ? changing the world ? i  m not ! do you know why ? because those things aren  t real ! i  m living in a cookiecutter world and i  m the only one not made out of dough . i don  t have a niche . i don  t have a purpose . i don  t know what i  m supposed to do . newline newline  nbsp  newline  in summation , an apple a day keeps the doctor away . go the extra mile on your homework this weekend.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline i file out of the classroom with the other students tuning out the yammering . i just want to have a real conversation with someone . i don  t want to exchange platitudes about the weather , politics , or media . i want my life to be more than a meme . everyone here is content to live their lives as walking clichs . happy to indulge in the shallow , the meaningless . going through their whitepicket stories without a care in the world . it  s maddening . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline a boy from my class follows me into the quad . he jogs to get in front of me , blocking my path . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  aren  t you dressed to the nines ?  he said with a grin . i looked down at my outfit and back at him and squinted . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  sure , uh , thanks ?  i said .  i don  t know you , nor would i care to be meeting someone new right now , so , bye . or uh , catch you later.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  haste makes waste , baby ! slow down and smell the roses !  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  ugh , well , all work and no play makes jack , er , jill i guess , a dull boy ! uh , girl ! whatever !  i push passed him brusquely . my foot catches on his and i tumble to the ground , landing hard on my hands . i grunt as a layer of skin leaves my palms to become one with the concrete . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  whoa , look before you leap , honey !  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  oh , just please shut up !  i whine as i roll to a seated position on the sidewalk . i stretch out a palm and bright pink turns to red as the blood leaks through . he joins me on the ground , tucking his sneakers beneath his knees . he takes one of my hands in both of his . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  well , you can  t squeeze blood out of a turnip.  his voice is softer now , unsure . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  so you  re saying i  m not a turnip ? great . that doesn  t even make sense !  i protest . he chuckles nervously and nods emphatically , looking deeply into my eyes . i swallow , suddenly aware of my hand in his . i pull away . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  i should go.  i start to get up . he doesn  t let go . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  you can  t teach an old dog new tricks !  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  ow ! you  re hurting me !  but his grasp is tight and his eyes are on fire . i settle back onto the ground . he lets go of my hand and rests his lightly on my knees . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  i  m not the sharpest knife in the drawer.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  the crayon in the box ! the pencil in the desk ! not the sharpest !  he  s speaking so quickly now .  i  m not playing with a full deck ! the lights are on but nobody  s home ! the wheel is turning but the hamster is dead !  his breath shaking . i don  t understand . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  so you  re dumb ?  he laughs . nods twice and then shakes his head . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  this is just the tip of the iceberg.  he says .  i don  t mean to jump down your throat.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  it  s okay.  i say warily . now i  m intrigued .  do you , do you want to go somewhere and talk about it ?  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  my thoughts exactly !  he nods emphatically . i laugh . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  okay , um , coffee ?  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  common grounds ?  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  sure ,  i say , silently groaning at the name . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline we traverse the distance to the coffee shop quietly but quickly . he sets such a pace with his long legs i have to do a little skip every few steps to keep up . he buys a couple of autumn themed lattes and leads me to a corner booth . i take a sip . i don  t even like pumpkin spice but i feel awkward and the need for my hands to be busy is massive . his cup sits untouched . bits of steam seeping through the lid  s opening . he  s looking at me intently . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  keep your eyes open . there  s an elephant in the room.  his voice is hushed even though we  re the only ones in the shop besides the barista with the rainbow hair . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  okay , there  s an elephant . what is the elephant ?  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  everyone has their cross to bear.  he points to me .  you stick out like a sore thumb.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  gee , thanks.  i put my cup down on the table .  look , i don  t know what you  re getting at but  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  don  t cross the bridge before you come to it !  he pleads .  slow and steady wins the race.  his tone touches me , i calm back down , trying to understand . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline newline  okay , sorry.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline he points at me and says quietly ,  you stick out like a sore thumb.  then he gestures to himself ,  you can  t teach an old dog new tricks.  i stare back at him . i want to understand . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  i drank the koolaid , read between the lines ,  he begs . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  you know , don  t you ?  do i dare believe it ? does this man understand ? newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  ask me no questions and i  ll tell you no lies.  he  s nodding and crying . he grabs my hand and kisses it , elation in his eyes . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  i thought i was the only one !  i say . he shakes his head , tears streaming down his cheeks .  i can  t believe it , but you still speak like them , in clichs . i feel like i can  t talk to anyone.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  don  t look a gift horse in the mouth.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  you  re right , your problem is way worse . how long have you known ?  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  rome wasn  t built in a day.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  so years ?  i ask , he nods .  how have you dealt with it ? i feel like my whole life has been one lie after another . i  ve been depressed , suicidal even.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  when life gets tough , the tough get going . laughter is the best medicine.  he says soberly . i nod . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  bitter laughter is still laughter i guess ,  i say . he nods . i sigh .  well , what are we going to do now ? this seems impossible.  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  the journey of a thousand miles begins with one step . every dark cloud has a silver lining . i believe this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.  newlineit just seems so wrong , as if the whole world gone crazy . part of what makes us human , just gone . and nobody knows why . one moment everyone are enjoying themselves and celebrate their sexuality , or their selfloathing , and the next just silence and weeping . newline newline the first thing i noticed when i got to the office was fat joe , the office masturbator , sitting at his desk and crying , surrounded by some of our coworkers . we ve all come to terms with his ... situation and learnt to use it for our benefit . these are the people get when you work at a small gay amateur porn business . his job was to try new techniques and gimmicks that will get us more traffic . most of them are nt even gay , neither am i . we re in it for the money . newline newline i looked at them as i passed by . joe was just sitting there , tears soaking his grey shirt . randy , the founder of our small enterprise , was sweating and looking around the room , trying not to make eye contact with anyone . newline newline  the fuck s going on here ?  i asked . fat joe looked at me ... newline newline  dylan , you ve got ta help me . it ... does nt work . it s just does nt work .  newline newline  the fuck are you on about ?  his eyes went down . i could nt even imagine in my wildest dreams what was about to come . newline newline  ... i ca nt ... finish .  i stared at him , blankfaced . newline newline  his dick does nt work when he cleans his rifle ... neither does ours . it just seems that god decided to finally do something about that whole prohibition of jerking off .  daniel , the selfappointed douchebag of the office spoke . he was sitting there , next to fat joe and sipping his coffee . newline newline  what the hell do you mean neither does ours  ? you mean collectively ? ... it does nt go out or something ?  newline randy finally shifted his gaze , and looked at me dead in the eye . newline  it does nothing . you can stroke it all you want , fast as you want , hard as you want . as long as you want . you end up with nothing , and you feel nothing .  newline newline my jaw dropped . i wondered what would become of us . without the ability to please ourselves , how will we fill our appetite ? it seems though , that just as it was said about god  without the ability to rub one off , our society will drift into nihilism and everything will be permitted . newline newline suddenly our eyes all shifted towards the news channel on the tv . an astonishingly attractive news reporter spoke . newline  renowned sexologists have issued an alarming announcement  masturbation has been abolished . the sexual practice which is conducted by billions of men has been reportedly nulled . men across the globe can not ejaculate during their sessions of masturbation , regardless of the session s length . women ofcourse do nt masturbate , so they were nt asked . sexologists warn that this new situation threatens human civilization and that if a solution could nt be found soon , society will crumble .  newline newline so many thoughts went through my mind that moment . i left everything . on the way home i stopped at walmart . i bought a shotgun , large quantities of canned food , and some other supplies . i backed up my porn folders onto a flash drive , in hopes that one day , a man could bring himself to fruition once again , as was in the old days . and with the flash drive , i left the house and started to wander across the soontobecome wasteland . newline newline edit : formatting quickly , to the hills !  the town leader yells , the gates of the town had been smashed open and orcs ran freely through the streets , hunting and killing as they pleased . the town guard were gone and all i had was my father  s rusting sword and the bundle of rags that held my brother , wailing at the noise like all babies do . newline newline i try to keep up with the leader but the adults break ahead of me , more concerned about themselves than for a pair of orphaned children . with no choice i change direction heading for the river , if i can cross it i might get away . diving through the trees outside of town i pick my way by moonlight until i hit the river . a brief hesitation and a moment to bundle my brother up so the rags wouldn  t tumble away i stride into the river , ignoring the biting cold and the tug of the water . newline newline half way across and im having to hold my brother above my head so the water doesn  t take him . behind me i can hear the sloshing and yells of at least one orc chasing me . somehow i don  t drown and my brother perhaps knowing our lives are in danger quiets down . some how i make my way onto the other bank and risk a look back . the orcs are in the middle of the river , i count 5 swords and three heads . newline newline three seconds i waste picking a route . i choose to run down river , it gets rocky there and i might be able to lose them . for three hours i run , i run until the sun is up and my feet are bleeding . i can hear them calling to me , the orcs can run for days . they know they can kill me when they want and how they want . newline newline they want me to fear them when they kill me . they want brother to scream as they kill him . i don  t want that . i turn left into the river . it flows shallow and fast here . a quarter way across i see three stones , big enough to hide behind newline newline wading in i slip on moss stones and drop brother , scrambling i grab him as he squeals . cant hid now . back onto the stones and into the trees i quickly loose where i  m going , the sound of brother in my ears and the pounding of dirt on my feet . looking back i catch a glimpse of grey chasing me through the green . looking forwards i see empty air . i stop , there is no left , no right . only down or orc . newlinethere was something there . like dust dancing on sunbeams shining through the window slits  a flutter of light and darkness danced around the sterile room . newline newline edging towards the disturbance , the floorboards creaked despite your best efforts . the silence of the day weighed down heavily on the room , and you tense to hear the slightest movement . newline newline there it was again  a shimmering reflection outlined against the alabaster wall , its presence filling the tiny gaps and crevices , snaking its way along the marbled veins . cautiously , you reach out with your hand , desperate to capture the fleeting presence . but it is gone . hope is gone . newline newline you sink down along the cold , hard wall of your cell . alone again .my closet was left open , a drawer ajar . i took a peek at the drawer , only finding a rifle . a nice ak with ammunition laying on the side . there was no need , however . a note had been placed on the rifle , stating the ammunition was unlimited . i set the gun down , and began my routine daily business . while watching the news , it dawned on me : the police had gotten away with guns after gun control . i smiled at that thought . i loaded the rifle with care . i smiled . as the sun went up , people went down . a lesson had been learned within the first night . checks and balances in the government is pretty useful .i glanced around furtively as i stepped through the sliding glass doors , out of the oppressive summer heat and into the refreshingly cool air of the store . wiping the sweat off my forehead , i quickly scanned the registers for the familiar cashiers . an older asian man , a bubbly teenage blonde ... perfect , no one i recognized ! it seemed my plan to come at a different time had worked . of course , it was nt over yet  i d felt the crushing disappointment of unforeseen obstacles too many times to get complacent yet . still , i could nt completely suppress the feeling of elation rising in my chest . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline hurriedly , i scooped up a bright red hand basket and made my way to the spice aisle . i shuffled passed the name brand section without even a look  mccormick had long been washing their products to remove what i had after . at the end of the long row of shelves i found what i was looking for : an obscure mexican spice brand that still somehow got away with selling unwashed herbs .  now let s see , where is the parsely ,  i mumbled to myself as i gazed at the rack . nutmeg , poppy seeds , no that s not it .  damn it !  i snarled , as i noticed the gap where my prize shoud ve been . i d waited two weeks for a restock and driven an hour for nothing ! newline newline  nbsp  newline newline i felt my heart pounding at the rage swelled within me . turning back the way i came , i fumbled in my pocket for my phone . maybe there was another store i could try : palm bay , malabar , melbourne , viera ... maybe cocoa ? no , i d hit that one up last week . maybe i could backtrack south , there were a few in vero . lost in concentration , a sudden  may i help you ?  jolted me back to my surroundings . a guy my age was next to me . hiding my desperation as best i could , i stammered ,  just looking for some ...  shit think fast !  ... badia brand smoked paprika .  i could nt look him in the eye  i stared at the dull brown floor in shame . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  check the foreign aisle  it s number 8 ,  he responded without a trace of scorn . reinvigorated , i strolled with wide steps to the suggested location . the label immediately caught my eye  there it was ! now ebullient , i counted the bottles .  one , four ... six !  that was the most i d ever found in one spot since the de facto ban . a few news stories on kids abusing a common ingredient and suddenly everyone is up in arms . the fresh stuff was pulled within a month .  well they did nt stop me !  i think victoriously . usually i d be cautious and buy only a couple . after all , who needs that much parsely ?  whatever ,  i grunted flippantly as i stuffed all six bottles into my basket . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline after grabbing a few extra items : flour , carrots , chicken  to divert suspicion , i anxiously approached the checkout line . i figured the teenage girl would be least likely to discern my true intentions , so i entered her line . we exchanged greetings and i placed the bottles on the belt , label side down . ugh , why ca nt there be a self checkout line ! she scanned the bottles and i smiled feebly .  that s a lot of parsely ,  she observed wrly , as her face twisted into an incredulous smile .  uhh ... yeah ... just making some chicken pot pie ,  i lied , failing to sound convincing . not my finest performance . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  haha , riiiight !  she chuckled . maybe she was in on the secret too , part of the clandestine fellowship of parsely addicts . a group scarcely attested to except in obscure internet forums .  sorry , it s all mine !  i thought sardonically . i scanned my card to pay , hoping i would have sufficent funds  nothing could be more embarrassing than coming up short . after a tense few seconds ,  approved  flashed across the screen . i exhaled and happily said goodbye .  have fun ,  i heard as i rushed to the exit . relief was so close . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline nearly jogging , i pushed through the doors into the parking lot . the blast of hot , sticky air felt like a wet sweater , but even that could nt slow me down . spotting my car , i raced over and jumped in , wasting no time to start the ignition and peel out . not much longer now  i sped home . finally arriving , i flung open the front door . the mortar and pestle was on the counter . open , shake , grind , the ritual was complete . my cat gus was at my side , as eager as i . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline dividing the dose and inhaling , the effects were immediate . a warm rush radiated from my stomach . the bliss overpowered me as the sunlight streaming through the window became a diaphanous , irridescent ribbon . i batted at it , reveling in the fleeting euphoria i d fought hard to obtain . as i rolled around on the velvety carpet , i became cognizant of a sedate , purring voice .  thanks man , i owe you one .  news from satcore , mr . president .  general zahn rushed into the war room , his hands clutching a sheaf of paper so hard that his fingernails had torn through the first three pages . newline newline he threw the paper onto the table and stood at attention . newline newline  china and russia are gone , sir .  newline newline  gone ?  president alden stood up from his chair . his shirt was rumpled and damp with sweat . his tie and jacket were gone , probably on the floor somewhere beneath other papers and computer tablets that had been thrown about with abandon . the two dozen other men in the room looked up with fear coloring their eyes and sweat clinging to their skin . newline newline  yes , sir .  the general s posture wavered for a moment before snapping back to attention ,  completely desolated . everything over two stories has been reduced to ash . reports indicate that within the next seventeen hours , we will receive additional atmospheric disturbances from the expanding cloud of ... debris .  newline newline the war room went silent , something which had nt occurred once since satcore first picked up the alien fleet . one minute there had been nothing out there , then there had been four thousand vessels , heading toward earth s orbit . it had been fourteen hours since that moment , and those ships had been busy . newline newline  status of africa ?  newline newline  they ve carved through half the continent so far , sir . very little remains after their attacks . south africa is still reporting , but within the next three hours ...  a nameless analyst reported from the far end of the table , his face as pale as the overturned coffee cup in front of him . newline newline  south america ?  the president leaned forward , placing his hands flat on the polished wood ,  anything ?  newline newline  just brazil , sir .  general zahn answered ,  they were the only ones left alive .  newline newline  i do nt understand it .  the president fell back into his chair with enough force that one of the wheels snapped off . he did nt even notice ,  they re systematically destroying our entire civilization ... they burned canada away in forty minutes ! why are we still alive ... why is brazil ?  newline newline he looked around the room in desperation , but all he could see were reflections of his own expression . exasperation , fear , sorrow ... and utter confusion . newline newline  siiirrr !  the scream of a man beyond the edge of sanity shook the room . they all turned as an aide slammed open the doors and rushed to the table , throwing yet another tablet onto the mess ,  there s a message , sir ! we ve decoded a message !  newline newline  from who ?  the president stood up , all but running around the table to reach the tablet ,  japan ? australia ?  newline newline  the invaders , sir !  the aide s voice cracked at the end , his eyes wise and his hand absently scratching the back of his neck . newline newline the president wasted no more words , he snagged the tablet and read it as fast as he could force his eyes to process the words . newline newline he stopped , returned to his seat , and read it a second time . he laid the tablet down , looked up at the lights above the table , picked it up and read it again . newline newline  what the hell does this mean ?  newline newline he threw the tablet down and it slid over the mess of papers and electronics , stopping in front of one of the chief justices that had ended up in the room more or less by accident during the panic , but had tried very hard to not be noticed and kicked out . he glanced around at the other people , wondering which one would make a grab from the offending message . no one was paying attention to it , they were all watching the president and his strange reaction . newline newline the chief justice picked up the message and began reading . newline newline   it is hereby recognized that your nation is of sufficient standing for inclusion  but not guaranteed acceptance until the provisional verification of advertised claims is completed by the algitani liaison officer assigned to the case  into the supreme council of systemic control  scsc  . newline newline  it is your right , as a considered nation  cn  to be aware of the fines and penalties for both : newline newline   a  false representation of system claims on the representational crests and flags assigned to your cn newline newline   b  judicial or military regulations in violation of the scsc frontier charter of ugc113.560  see attached documentation for further details .  newline newline   c  unlawful industrial , civilian , or military presences upon system bodies which have received a crest of claim from a previous cn . newline newline  an algitani liaison officer will arrive shortly to discus these penalties and answer any questions you may have about them , or the process of becoming a validated system control entity . please stand by while the unconsidered nations  uc  are eradicated from the system bodies in this sector . newline newline  all glory to the algitani . newline  all power to the scsc . newline newlinei stand above the men below , and look down upon my kingdom . the wise men consider me their equal , the politicians respect me , and the media adores me . but since he became the american superman , or the american god as some know him , we live in fear for our lives . it would nt take much to upset this god , to convince him to destroy all of humanity . and just because you figured out the twist , you three , does nt mean i would have left anything to chance . my plans went off 30 minutes ago . newline newline and yet , afterward the bombs went off , he reminds me that history is cyclical . i attempted to move the doomday clock back , and i succeeded . but in the end , it wo nt matter  man s folly is exactly no further ahead , and he reminds me , blasts me with it , as if by my own atomic bombs , that humanity will have future conflicts . there will be future stand offs . and in the end , we re fucked as an entire race . and i now have to live with those deaths on my shoulders , remembering that he was right . newline newline 185 words . it happened  perhaps this is cliche to say  but all at once . literally . the war of the future and the invention of time travel occurred , it seemed , at exactly the same moment . of course , time should be linear so the discovery did precede the war , but within minutes of the invention , the refugees started flooding in . newline newline the first few stragglers were bloodstained and breathless , barely able to speak . they crawled through the rip in time and fell at our feet like we were gods . of course , in a way , we were . we d opened the way for them to escape . newline newline over the course of an hour , our tiny town transformed from 3,000 to almost 1 million . they kept pouring in  they had to arrive here , at this nexus point in time and space . they could arrive no earlier for time travel had not been invented , and they had to arrive here because ours was the first  and only  time portal in man s existence . we learned this from our travelers in time , who confirmed that almost as soon as it began , time travel was outlawed . nobody knew the consequences it could have on the fabric of the universe , much less individual lives . newline newline the war began a decade ago for the refugees , but to us it was still 200 years into the future . our visitors showed many signs of the changed times  they wore shimmering glass monocles over one eye to sent information straight to their brains  they barely had to consciously acknowledge this information pouring in . their minds had adapted to compartmentalize and save what was useful while discarding that which was nt . they also wore skintight fabric that literally adhered to their bodies , providing the perfect temperature and alerting them of any unhealthy changes . each of these refugees was very trim . they later informed us it was illegal to consume in excess as food had become scarce and wasting was punishable by death . newline newline they told us their diet consisted entirely of geneticallymodified corn formed in many ways to resemble the food we eat now . corn , they said , was the only thing still able to grow once all the honey bees died out and pollination became the stuff of legend . newline newline so they dragged their science fiction , cornfed bodies through our time portal and warned us that it was all down hill from here . that we needed to change our lifestyles or the lives of our great , great , great , great grandchildren would be left to ruins . newline newline but we sat back and decided that we were comfortable . we saw the future and decided it did nt apply directly to us . we knew when doomsday would hit and we would be long gone by then . our evolutionary need to protect our future spawn was no longer ingrained in us but in its place was a desire to satisfy the self . the bees would die no matter what ? why try and stop it ? corn would be all we could eat in the future ? well , there s nothing so bad with corn , and look ! these future residents seemed healthy enough ! newline newline so we allowed them to stay but we ignored their pleas , leaving them to question was the future even truly worth saving ? ma !  i screamed , throwing the calendar against the wall , convinced it was inhabited by malevolent spirits or some other form of hostile presence . newline newline  what !  she called from the downstairs kitchen , where she was probably toiling over some authentic italian dish . it  s all she ever did these days . newline newline  the fuckin  calendars haunted , ma ! it  s got my name written on it like i  m gon na die or some shit !  newline newline a long silence from downstairs , then finally : newline newline  which date ?  newline newline i told her . it was two weeks from tomorrow . newline newline  that  s the day you  re supposed to fly out to philly to visit your grandpa ,  she called out . it kind of sounded like she was smiling . newline newline  let  s hope your plane doesn  t go down !  newline  newline newline i was a nervous wreck at the airport . i barely made it through security without having to bolt back to the entrance and hail a cab back home . i hated the atlantic city airport . it was the asshole of new jersey , and it may well be the last place i see before i die in a fiery plane crash . newline newline i tried to push the thought out of my mind as i popped a tic tac in my mouth and eyed a few long legged jersey girls trying to win a stuffed animal out of one of those bullshit claw machines . even when faced with death , my little man had an appetite . i vowed to myself that the first thing i would do when  if  i landed in philly would be to smash the first poon i could find . grandpa could wait . newline newline eventually , grandpa ended up waiting a long time . my plane crashed during takeoff and i was the only fatality . i died because i had taken my seatbelt off so i could turn around in my seat to get a better look at this brazilian  or maybe she was cuban  chick  s ass . it was worth it though . newline newline sorry grandpa . newlinethe smell of ammonia burned val s nose as she mopped the chamber . the floor was an epoxy enamel , seamless except for the drain in the middle of the floor , which was a saving grace considering her chore . she did nt realize there would be so much  and the mop was so old , it hardly made a dent . newline newline she picked up the mop and put it in the large , yellow industrial bucket , it had already taken on a thick brownish tinge and she had just started . she plopped the heavy mop head into the squeeze , and heaved on the lever , draining most of the excess water out . she plopped and back on the floor and continued mopping , knowing that she was running out of time . the first few strokes actually made a difference , but it was nt long until she was just smearing red in circles across the floor . newline newline sploosh . squeeze . plop . sploosh . squeeze . plop . newline newline  come , on . why is nt it working ,  she said to herself , sniffling to keep the tears out of her eyes and failing . newline newline val s arms began shaking as she struggled to continue the routine . she glanced at the clock and a strangled noise of terror gurgled in her throat . only five minutes . newline newline  oh , god . oh , god ,  she said and tried to force her leaden arms to move faster . newline newline sploosh . squeeze . plop . newline newline the door opened , and val cried out like a trapped animal . ben stood in the doorway , he was wearing a butcher s apron , heavy rubber boots up over his knees , and one of those clear , plexiglas face shields that dentists used to keep spatter off their faces . she could clearly see his face , and he was still handsome , but her gaze was drawn to the machete in his hand , it was still crusted in gore from the last victim . newline newline  oh , that s too bad ,  said ben .  well , maybe the next one will do better . if she does , she can go home .  newline newline the last sentence was directed over his shoulder . val caught of glimpse of another young woman bound and gagged watching with huge eyes , filled with horror . newline newlineit s over now and everyone has gone home . no more crowds , no more blocked traffic , no more confetti or ticker tape or just plain trash thrown from the windows above . no more aliens . just me . and my broom . newline newline i m sure that the whole thing was very interesting . after all , it s not everyday that fourarmed crab men descend from space and tell humanity that they are nt alone . in fact , it was not even today . no , the crab men descended two months ago in los angeles . i guess it surprised the heck out of everyone . certainly , they have been on the tv every time i sit down to enjoy a cold one and take my mind off of things . it seems that everyone also wants to meet them or see them or be near them or something . which is why they set up this world tour . but did they ask me ? of course not . newline newline if they had , i would have told them it would be a waste of time and money . after all , how many people are actually going to see them . several times a year , we get some sports team or movie star or something who wants to do a parade down broadway . only the front row , standing on the curb actually see anything , and even then it is nt much with new york s finest lining the route . most people just see the head of the person in front of them . there s a lot of pushing and shouting and blocked streets . and there s a lot of trash . which i get called on to clean up . newline newline so , these crab men come through on their floating platform and everyone screams and yells and throws stuff . whoopdeedoo . they do nt think of me and my broom . they do nt think what it s costing them in taxes for me and mine to clean all of this up . newline newline ah well . at least i get paid .upon the narrows of space and time . located apparently in my own mind . we sit now , myself in total shock . everyone else just unaware of the change . the ground was floating the only way to travel by walking narrow pathways through the sky . cars were all but lost to me . no one else even knew they existed . i had at first refused to speak . i just wrote my findings.. hoping one day to return to reality with evidence of this place . there was no music , no cars , no phones , no ground , no nature , no flowers . barren , other than the people who were just as barren . i surely thought soon i would hit madness . i then walked for days . it felt endless , and with no true map or reason . there were dead ends , and paths leading to nowhere . i started looking for hope in every discrepancy . like puzzles that might one day open a gate way home . i ve been keeping track of days , and even years . 52 years ... 52 years of nothing but walkways and black sky ... no stars ... how far away are my stars ... where is my sun . surprise mother fucker !  newline newline my cursor hovered tentatively over the the submit button , for i knew this was the correct answer to op s prompt . i scrolled to the side bar and there it was , rule  1 : no loweffort  joke responses . i was almost without doubt , in violation . but something inside me held on , refusing to let go . the purity of the words , the familiarity , the correctness of it all . newline newline i longed for the karma and i had a suspicion that this  wp  , with it s pop culture reference to a much praised novel turned tv series , might go all the way . my mind raced for any semblance of an idea that might let me do this . and then it hit me . i raged spuriously upon my keyboard . newline newline  fliclit , it s not right .  he reminded me  this is not how i taught you .  newline newline  do nt you think i know that ?  i said it aloud to nobody in particular through my clenched jaw and gritted teeth .  he deserves it , did you even read the op s prompt ?  newline newline  he has nt hurt anyone . it s just a prompt on reddit .  he was taunting me now  this is nt even real life , for god s sake flic it s the internet . besides , you re completely unprepared to deal with the downvotes , you re thinking irrationally .  newline newline   i am not being irrational !   i hollered this time . newline newline  flic . look at yourself .  newline newline i sighed heavily , bowing my chin to my chest . i dug deeper . newline newline  maybe they ll allow it , if i just expand my text with some relevant drivel .  newline newline op deserved this response , i knew it , we all did . newline newline  i need this one .  newline newline as i completed my diatribe , he left me to make the decision on my own . newline newline submit .my blood embroidered the cracked pieces of the mirror , framing each splintered piece of myself with a shallow red sheen . newline newline ugh , my knuckles throbbed , blood pounding out on the thuds of my slow heartbeat . but that s just another mistake to the counter . a drop of rain in an ocean . newline newline i wretched a fractured piece of glass from the smashed image . the edges were sharp , lacerating my hands simply from being held . newline newline i twirled the silver , marvelling at the reflection of the soulless eyes . in them was the abyss , deeper than the vastness of the sky , housing the forgotten dreams of a past once long gone . every failure i ever had was in that deadly shiv of glass , and the longer i stared into it , the more it enthralled me . tales of tragedy seemed romantic  death seemed like such an easy way to go . newline newline no one would miss me . all i have is a shitty dog . newline newline the metal was pressed on my throat when i heard a bark . newline newline i turned around to meet a wideeyed stare . his dark eyes were boundless , deep in what seemed to convey innocence and dream , amorous to the world in a swirling complexion . his eyes were a mirror in itself , a mirror that pointed to a distant past full of chimerical thoughts and lovely delusions . newline newline  hey . what do you want ?  newline newline he just bounded forward , one step at a time , avoiding glass and metal . wet and cold , his muzzle pushed away my bloodied hand , staining his fur . newline newline  what , i ca nt do what i want ! ?  newline newline he said nothing . my anger did nt solicit a whimper , a bark , nothing . newline newline  the old lady next door will feed you ! what do you want ?  newline newline he pushed the silver out of my hand , the silver crashing on the floor amongst its estranged brothers . newline newline  then what should i do ! ?  newline newline my words stammered out , sputtering against the hot tempo of my heart . the dog said nothing . the dog did nothing . other than leave . newline alone , i was alone . i bent down to pick up the silver , cradling the piece of metal in my palm . my breath fogged the mirror , masking the one last appearance i was graced with . newline newline the nudge against my arm made the metal clatter to the ground again . i spun around , a furious daze was soon tempered by the innocent gaze of a dog . newline newline  what do you want me   my words stopped short . my open palm was met with a tennis ball , green , fuzzy , torn with use . newline the dog barked and rushed out , patiently waiting for his master . i took a glance back to the shattered mess on the ground , before kicking it away . newline newline yeah , i guess thinking about suicide was stupid . somebody would miss me . i have a shitty dog . here it is ,  the wrinkled old man said , sliding a small , circular object on the table towards me . i picked it up and examined it closely , rolling it in my fingers .  what s in this one ?  i asked .  something very valuable .  newline newline in the business , they re called badges  . a few decades ago , we learned how to put our knowledge , skills , and even memories into these little tokens for safekeeping . it s good for a few reasons : badges do nt forget , like our brains can , and they can be bought and sold from person to person . newline newline people got hooked , and everything changed . newline newline education is completely different now . with badges , we do nt have to have all our children sit in a classroom for hours on end  their parents just buy them the skills they need when they get old enough . we still have students , but their job is to learn a subject and put it in a badge , sell it , and start again . the good thing is that since people can change what they know , they can hop from lifestyle to lifestyle and find what really makes them happy . sometimes , things can go wrong . newline newline like one of my coworkers , actually , became a student when some sad fella at the university sold us his ability to learn , and he bought it up from him , thinking he could make more money . he s completely different now . occasionally , he d come in here and rant about the whole thing being  like a modern sisyphus  , and the next day he d forgotten it . i tell him he was much happier here with me in the shop , but he does nt believe me . he says he can see things so much more clearly now , and he ca nt imagine going back to being like me , and that i should get out while i still can . newline newline maybe he s right : appraising badges is tougher work than you might think . you ca nt really tell what s in a badge just by looking at it , and you generally ca nt trust the guy selling it to you in my line of work . so the only way to check is to use it , see what it contains , jot down notes about it , then remake the badge from that knowledge . newline newline sometimes they bring in really good stuff that s tempting to keep . one man came in here and sold his memories of a beautiful vista he saw on his travels . i bought that one for myself on the spot . i ca nt imagine what he needed the money for . i guess he thought he could just get a memory like that back from some other pawn shop someday or something . newline newline sometimes they bring in ... people try to dump bad memories off on me . i m obligated to make sure i m not selling dangerous stuff to my customers , so i got ta check each and every badge they bring in . i remember the first time it happened , just a few weeks after i started . a lady , about 25 or so , came in here with the happiest smile you could ever see on a person . she plinked down a badge and said ,  i do nt need this anymore . you can get rid of it for me .  she left without any sort of payment . i sighed , and figured i d at least look into it . newline newline the first thing i learned was why she was smiling that day . imagine something happened to you that you could nt escape , that you would relive every day of your life . then imagine someone comes along and says they can erase that , put it into this small little thing , where it could nt hurt you anymore . newline newline i ... do nt want to talk about what was on it . as soon as i could , i put those torments into another little badge and fucking burned it . newline newline and then , i learned that you ca nt really ever get all the stuff out . little ghosts of information haunt you . the bad memories make you feel fear , anger , confusion , the good ones pride , confidence , happiness , all out of your control . when you need to do some task , you ll suddenly know how to do it , then forget how . other people s thoughts start crowding out your own , the more you take in . you can try to ignore them , if you re strong enough , but ... newline newline i activated the old man s badge , let the knowledge swarm over me . i wracked my brain and felt  newline newline  there s nothing ,  i replied . newline  yes ,  the old man said .  there is nothing .  newline newline i sat , stunned , for what seemed like forever . nothing . quiet . in this shop of infinite knowledge , the ability to shut everything out  only the sound of silence gave me what i wanted . newline newline  i ... i ca nt ...  i murmured .  you can make the call ,  i finished , cutting him a blank check . when he left , i quickly locked the door , closing up early . i snuck out the back door . newline newline i was free .  who s a good boy ? yes , who s a good boy ? gooooooo ... fetch !   newline newline  sometimes i m glad i did nt make a bucket list . being in the earth s special forces makes for two things . for one , imagination is nt my strong suit and secondly , the things i get to do are way more awesome than anything i could have ever hoped for .  newline newline  take today for example . i m sure you all know about the gigantic beastie that crawled from underneath fukushima and started wagging it s tail at mount fugu.. fuhu..figo..er that big mountain thingy they have over there . the head scientists of the united states of earth immediately identified the beast as a k9 .  newline newline  that s right , a dog . one bigass , citylevelling , radioactive son of a bitch . and i say son , because there is absolutely no doubt about the gender . my god , i hope the radiation fried his sex drive . anyway , i bet you re wondering where i and the rest of my buddies on this recording come into play .  newline newline   will you shut up already ?   newline newline  no and fuck you , dave , or i ll tell your mom you peed your pants .  newline newline   fuck you too , derek . i hope you bleed to death .   newline newline  anywhoooo ... the answer is fairly simple , we were among the biggest dog lovers the esf had to offer . we were tasked to keep the creature busy while the scientists worked on a weapon powerful enough to down this pup .  newline newline  we all felt it was a great mission , giving us the possibility to assess whether or not dogzilla is a threat to society and if it could potentially be used in our intergalactic space race . i know , i know , who could find a helmet big enough for that monster ... well , it should nt be a concern , because our jobs almost done .  newline newline  and the answer is most definitely : this dog is very dangerous . speaking in the interest of mankind , it should be put down , but you know ... maybe it s time we let another race take a swing at ruling earth . and personally , i ca nt imagine a cuter overlord than a husky big enough to fill in the grand canyon .  newline newline   are you fucking kidding me , derek ? do you even hear the words coming out of your mouth , or has the blood loss affected that too ?   newline newline  no and i told you to shut up . that s it . you made me do this .  newline newline   oh for fucks sake   newline newline  dear nancy donavan , wife of jeffrey south , mother of dave south . it is with the greatest of sorrow that i must inform you your son s last action on this earth was peeing his pants . like a little girl .  newline newline  there , happy now , you fucking crybaby ?  newline newline   i honestly hope you go to hell .   newline newline  see you there , buddy .  newline newline  ok , that aside , it seems like my time is running out . we tried to play fetch with the dog , but it got agitated and bit my legs and dave s torso apart . i m glad i do nt have a bucket list , because there would be so many things i had left to do ... well , that s a load of my mi ...  newline newline    newline newline  and that s the end of the message . what should we do , sir ?  newline newline   nuke it .   newline newline  what about the consequences for earth ?  newline newline   there are other worlds . let these failed experiments be buried in this one .  newline newline  as ... as you wish , sir . i looked at mark , then back at the letter . the writing seemed strangely familiar . we looked at each other again , and i forced a smirk . newline newline  this is a weird prank , man .  newline newline  what ?  he answered .  i did nt write that ...  newline newline  oh , well , must have been some dumb kid trying to mess with us ,  i said , trying to ignore the feeling of doom . we finished walking the dog , buying our groceries in the meantime , and returned home . newline newline as i was putting what we had bought away , i noticed the box of cereals had something written on the back . the letter was shaky and hard to read , but i tried . newline newline  leave the house  newline newline i called mark , now quite a bit more worried , but when i showed him the box , he just laughed it off , saying , newline newline  really now ? it s obvious you wrote that ! the t  is a bit curly , just like yours !  newline newline i had nt written it , but he was right . what s more , if i recalled correctly , the first letter s handwriting was eerily similar to mine s , too . i put away the box , saying nothing , as my roommate would nt believe me , but i was far more worried than before . the feeling of doom just would nt leave me . newline newline i walked to the living room , where mark was watching his usual show . i tried surfing the web on my phone , checking twitter , anything to put my mind off of the two letters , but nothing seemed to do it . i was about to go to my room , to look for more effective methods of distracting myself , when the show s commentator looked straight at the screen , and said , newline newline  we have an urgent message : mark , david , if you re watching this , leave the house if you want to live .  newline newline now i knew something was very , very wrong . mark looked at me , with a shocked expression , but , somehow , it immediately turned into a huge grin . he laughed . newline newline  wow , man , that was amazing . you really got me for a second there ! how did you even manage to get him to say that ? that s a lot of dedication for a simple prank .  newline newline  i did nt do anything .  newline newline  oh , come on ! are you saying that a random guy just decided to call him and said our names ?  my sense of doom began to grow . newline newline  no , i m saying we should get the fuck out of here .  the sense of doom grew further . newline newline  please ! i know you re very committed to this joke , but ca nt it wait until the show s over ?  the feeling of doom was unbearable . i thought i saw something out of the corner of my eye . newline newline  will you just !  newline newline  get down , now !  newline newline that was my voice , but it came from somewhere else . i immediately obeyed , and threw myself on the floor , even as a large , lizardlike creature materialized in front of me , and broadly sliced with some manner of scythe . mark fell to the floor . i braced myself for a follow up attack , but then i heard a strange noise , and the sound of glass shattering , and the lizardman was no more . newline newline  close your eyes , and do nt open them until i m gone ,  my voice said , and i blindly , maybe even stupidly , obeyed i heard it walk toward me , and as he got closer , the feeling of doom became more and more intense . it was unbearable . newline newline then , suddenly , it was gone . i sat down , and opened my eyes . in front of me lied mark s dead body , and , closer , there was a bag full of many , some strange batardization of a stopwatch and a letter , reading , newline newline  hopefully , you ll figure out something better . this is stupid . who likes going to the farm for a field trip ? why ca nt we go somewhere like the beach , or snowboarding ? i ca nt believe i m standing here , watching a bunch of cows chewing grass . who cares ? ! i look over to my right . a bunch of geeks are actually interested . they re talking with the dairy worker . the smell of cow crap , the sticky summer heat , the dribble of warm sweat oozing out of every pore ... dammit i knew i should ve skipped out today . newline newline how am i supposed to do this anyway ? just how exactly am i supposed to find something on this stupid farm and relate it to my life ? why does our teacher think of the most idiotic things ? i swat at the thousandth fly buzzing around my head when the wind shifts to the west and suddenly an alarming whiff of cow crap jams up my nose . gagging for air i turn away and trample the grass to a safer zone . the chicken coop . at least they do nt smell as bad , and their sounds are actually kinda cool . i take a quick look around , making sure no one s watching me . it must have been freshly cleaned . the hay smells a bit sweet , and  oh my gosh how cute ! little fluffy yellow chicks ! they re peeping ! awwww ! they must have just hatched in that nest ! okay well maybe not  just  it was probably a couple hours ago . newline newline i bend down to try and pick one up but it eludes my grasping hand . guh ... just like the project . the solution eludes me too . nothing here relates to me ! is she trying to imply something ? that we re all smelly animals ? i stare at the egg shells left behind by the chicks which are cheeping alongside their elders . absently i reach out and take one of them in my hand , looking at the residual blood on the inside . newline newline blood ... newline newline ... i just started my period yesterday ... and at maturation last week they said it was the lining of the uterus shedding and the unfertilized egg passing out the body ... newline newline oh my gosh ! i get it now ! this farm thing does relate to me ! i m exactly like this chicken ! i lay eggs !  newline newline  sorry if this is nt what the prompt called for , but it was fun to try ! d it took me a minute to notice but the clock had actually stopped working . i looked around the surrounding bay of cubicles to see if anyone else had noticed but they all seemed to be on calls . sarah looked like she was on a sales call , james might have just been nodding along looking off at the ceiling pretending to be on a call , and julie was almost certainly on the phone with her boyfriend planning dinner and a movie for later that evening . just to be sure , i made another quick survey of my three cubemates . newline newline  oh , tell me about it !  james said into his mouthpiece . yep , they were all pretty much checked out . i stood up and said something or other , not important really falling on deaf ears and all , about going to get some batteries to replace the worn out ones in the back of the clock . i took it off from it  s dangling spot on the wall and brought it down to my desk , just to figure out what size battery it needed . it looked like a dcell , which was i made a mental not of as being odd , since i was expecting something more like a aaa , but nope . it was a dcell . newline newline it wasn  t until then that i realized : i have no idea where the batteries are . i don  t think i  d ever seen one in the supply closet , and i didn  t honestly feel like going around to look for them . i made a quick call to facilities , no one picked up . i looked up the number for the building manager , but no one was there . i got up to go see if my boss had any advice , but he was in a closed door meeting , or a conference call i didn  t really check all that hard . newline newline by the time i got through all of that it had been a full fifteen minutes . i knew because i checked my watch , and wondered how all that could have possibly taken so long , but then i remembered the eight minutes i spent looking at pictures of cats , and watching a ted talk . newline newline when i got back to my seat , james said something to me . i didn  t notice at first , i thought he was pretending to be on the phone still . he took off his headset though and said ,  hey , do you know what time it is ?  newline newline i did ,  4:32 ,  since i had just checked my watch , which was digital , and i was feeling pretty good about myself . newline newline  great , thanks.  it felt good to feel appreciated . it wasn  t every day i got the chance to feel good about my job as a sales rep , but i did . i stood up to glance over my cubicle wall at my bosses office to notice that yes , he was in fact still in a meeting , or a conference call or whatever . then i sat down again , turned the clock over on its face , and started winding until the big hand was pointing to the twelve and the little hand was pointing to the five . i had dones a good day  s work . newline newline  see you tomorrow , james , sarah , julie.  newline newline  bye dave .  transmission incoming newline newline  pocket universe correctly identified as 0 ... 3 : dragon . newline newline  entry 0 ... 12 . title provided : guide to the multiverse  introduction  . author id 0 ... 6 . newline newline hello , and welcome to the known multiverse ! i m here to be your guide , and as such you can call me  guide .  if you need any help throughout the multiverse , you can pull out this electronictm device and say  hey guide !  i ll be glad to assist you . newline newline you are recieving this guide for one of a few reasons : newline newline  you have turned 18 in dragon . newline  you have accidentally discovered the portal to dragon by stupidly jumping off the st. louis arch . newline  you found the portal to dragon on purpose by stupidly jumping off the st. louis arch newline  you have returned to dragon as a ghost because you are associated with a living soul in dragon and have come to exact revenge . newline newline i have different paths for each of these different options . please choose an option ! newline newline i have turned 18 in dragon .  newline newline congrats ! welcome to adulthood in dragon , where the living live with the dead . you ve no doubt wondered why you ve , on repeated occasions , woken up to mysterious hovering baseball bats or the smell of burning things . live in fear no longer ! there are ghosts on dragon , and anyone who dies within dragon or dies and has some beef with someone in dragon will return to dragon as a ghost . newline newline now , you may be wondering ,  why are you referring to earth as dragon ?  well , dragon is just one of many multiverses in what we know as the medium . the medium is all of the multiverses , and each multiverse is created when a decision is made . sometimes it s as simple as a yesno decision   do i go to the movies ?  each time a decision is made , all the other possible decisions are also made at the same time ! dragon was formed with a decision which must have been rather large , as our universe exists with ghosts . newline newline if you are ever bothered by ghosts , you can call 666  i repeat , 666  and a friendly ghost will be dispatched to your location . these ghosts can not speak , but they can choose to be invisible or interact with the physical world . they are  released ,  so to speak , when what they meant to do while alive is fufilled . some ghosts are never released ! newline newline for further information on obtaining a drivers license in dragon , say  i want to drive  for further information on job opportunites , say  i need a job .  for information on permanent ghost prevention opportunities , for example , if you have a greataunt who always meant to kill you during your lifetime but never did , say  i m being haunted .  for any other information , just ask ! newline newline  eofjournal entry 1151690 newline newline four walls aflame . newline a broken window , spewing fountains of fire skyward . newline within , a little leatherbrown haired girl squeezing to her chest three sheets of paper , inked to the brim with chickenscratch . newline  she s still in there !  newline newline the door leading within the pluming smoke is opened , and in flies another lit bottle . newline she screams and screams , but no one is there to truly hear her . newline the wails fall upon the broken hearts and closed ears of her tormentors . newline she hears the guttural grunts of the people outside , unwilling to extend a helping hand as her ears blacken . she sees the distant flames as the wisps of smoke blind her . she tastes no longer as the soot coats her tongue , suffocating her within . the last thing felt are the papers clutched tightly in her hands as she and the world she knows crashes forward against the dirt floor . newline newline hours pass . the torches alight slowly eat their way down to a slow burn , and the people leave . most of them , anyway . newline newline i stayed . newline i did nt help her . newline but , i did stay . newline as the house billowed its smoke , and the hamlet gathered around her isolation , i sat and watched . newline the soot covers everything now , except the footsteps where they stood . newline stepping forward , covering my nose and mouth with my blackened shirt , i lift quickly toss the remaining reddened wood to the side , covering it with the ashes of its fellow boards . newline newline the soot gives way to dirt , the wood gave way to skin , the brittle skin gave way to the burning bone . newline newline i sat in the hot ashes , enduring the pain . i know she did . newline fumbling through what remained , i found the flamelicked pages she clung to so desperately under her , smeared with what would have been her melted chest and clothing . newline smudged , but legible , there in thickened ink newline newline  titlement and proof of debts  newline i saw within my own name , as well as the towns people s . newline i saw also the girl . what was a girl . newline by clearing our debts , we washed away our pain . newline by clearing our debts , we cleansed ourselves of burden . newline by clearing out debts , we ended all grief . newline and took hers with us . newline newline days passed . nights came . no one except for me returned to the desolate grave . newline i buried her , along with the papers , next to the pile of wood i had uncovered . newline using the remains to make a cross , i filled her grave with the dirt and soot that once coated her last moments . newline this did not need to be . newline in the name of all that is good , this was not . newline to protect our way of life , i defiled hers . newline newlinewake up ! today is a glorious day to initiate a revolution ! you are nothing but a slave of that evil man called  walt mert !  and as a privileged white youngster you should raise yourself in arms to initiate a revolution and achieve the freedom that i fought so hard for ! newline newline ughh not again , washington . it s barely 6 a.m. and i work until 9 a.m and for the love of my burrito , it s  walmart  not  walt mert  and it s just a store where i work at , not a man who owns slaves . newline newline but they treat you like onesaid washington deep on my soul , with his mighty americanbritish voice newline newline look buddy , fine lets do this ! newline newline a day later , in the newspaper it read :  teenager shot dead after he allegedly confessed that he wanted a revolution from the oppressing work conditions  walmart  when he was convinced to drop weapons after he initiated a mass shooting in the local grocery shop .  newline newline edit : since i m not a english native speaker excuse my horrible grammar and spelling .when the sirens rang , families didn  t get their things . they didn  t call their employees to tell them that they won  t be able to come to work tomorrow . some went to the nearest pub , and , of course , the barman was already waiting for them there , filling their last glasses of beer . newline newline most families didn  t do those things . they just ran . charged towards the nearest vault . newline newline many people died in a crazy stampede that ensued , and at some vaults the security had to open fire on the crowd to hold back those who weren  t on the list . letting more people in would mean a death by starvation or lack of oxygen . newline newline however , after all the panic and rush and fear , after the doors of the vault 9 closed , leaving hundreds of relatives and lovers behind for a quick merciful death from a shortliving newborn sun above their heads , and after everyone came to their senses , they noticed that one family was already waiting for them inside . newline it was a big family , and it included at least five generations , with the oldest man looking almost a hundred years old . you could almost see their lineage , with the old guy being on top  the one who directly or indirectly spawned them all . they did not share everyone  s shock : in fact , they were quite calm and reserved , if not a little grumpy , and judging by the amount of luggage and their calm posture , they took their time to gather all of their belongings , pack them and then bring them to the vault in a calm and orderly fashion . newline newline it was also worth noting that all of them , without exception , were blonde . newline newline the security , obviously , were not informed of their presence , but their family name  malfoy  was on the list , so while their early arrival was bizarre , it was not unwarranted . newline newline people around them were crying , hollering or trying to commit suicide  and the vault was an ironic place to do that  but the family remained stoic . they did not shed tears for their old world . if anything , they looked angry . newline  look at this cattle   the old man rumbled . clad in green and black , leaning on a black wooden cane with silver snakeshaped handle , he was , despite his ancient age , intimidating enough to make people walk out into the radioactive wasteland just with his menacing , furious stare .  leave them unattended and they blow up the whole world . and they say death eaters were wrong . what  s the worst a death eater can do ? kill one man at a time , not destroy an entire country , that  s for sure ! fockin mud   the man spit . a security officer noticed that and wanted to warn the man against that , but after a few moments of thinking he reconsidered and pretended he had never even turned in that direction . newline newline  shoulda strangled that mugglelover shite myself , prophecy or not   the man continued . turning to one of his offsprings , he growled :  did you bring the emergency tent ?  newline newline the man , despite looking a little over 30 , almost pissed himself like a little boy :  uum , yyes , um , ggrandpa draco , iit  s rright  newline newline  quit mumbling and speak up ! honestly , i regret that i allowed your uncle and mother to marry  you  re dumber than goyle . did you bring it ?   the man nervously nodded .  then open it up !  newline newline  whwhat , rright here ?   the man asked , looking cautiously at all the muggles who were still wailing for their tvs and lawns that would never be green again . newline newline  boy , ministry of magic is gone , no one is gon na confiscate your wand , you can do what you want !  newline newline having had enough , 100yearsold draco banged his cane on the floor . the green and silver tent flew out of the mountain of luggage and arranged itself in front of the blondeheaded clan . newline newline it was definitely bigger on the inside , housing an entire warehouse of magic commodities . there were books , manuscripts , a large crate full of wands , half a dozen cabinets with potion ingredients , an entire fleet of brooms and much more . draco smiled . newline newline  yes yes , boy , we can do what we want . muggles took our kingdom , so we  ll make a new one . a right one ! they may have destroyed the world , but their final mistake was letting us in . malfoys will take the position that is rightfully ours  by force !  newline newline a security officer entered the tent , meaning to tell that camping was strictly prohibited inside the vault , but the green flash of light stopped him midsentence , ending his life . newline newline  time for muggles to learn their place . we were prepared , only we were . we are the last wizards , so it  s up to us to make it right . maybe not tomorrow , maybe in a hundred , a thousand years , but one day we  ll retake the surface as true rulers  . newline newline draco turned to the two youngest of his kin : a boy and a girl , both in their teen years . he patted their heads , and his eyes , for once gentle , filled with tears :  and darlings , don  t you dare mix your blood with their lot , don  t you neglect my words . you have to keep your blood clean  . newline newline edit : formatting is hard newline newlinebeep beep beep beep newline newline clack newline newline 10 more minutes . that s it . this will be the last time . newline newline a lie in bed and stare up at my wall . preparing myself . newline newline beep beep beep beep newline newline clack newline newline how long have i been doing this now ? i m exhausted . only being able to rest ten minutes at a time is difficult . but it is better than the alternative . newline newline i close my eyes . newline newline beep beep beep beep newline newline clack newline newline what has it been now ? days ? a week ? i ca nt put this off forever . newline newline 10 more minutes . that s all i need . newline newline beep beep beep beep newline newline clack newline newline i walk down the hall to her room . i look into her motionless eyes again . newline newline they ca nt do this too me . i m not ready . newline newline beep beep beep beep newline newline she starts to cry . newline newline  hush ! shhhh ! it ll be okay .  newline newline beep beep beep beep newline newline i pick her up and walk back to my room . newline newline beep beep beep beep newline newline clack newline newline i hold her , as she lay motionless in my arms . newline newline i look into her beautiful blue eyes . newline newline beep beep beep beep newline newline clack newline newline time can stand still forever for all i care . they wo nt have her . they wo nt take away my baby girl . newline newline beep beep beep beep newline newline clackat first it was infuriating . i just got out of college and was ready to join the workforce when it happened the first time . newline newline you can imagine my surprise when i went to bed in my apartment and woke up in egypt . seriously , like pyramids and stuff . at first i thought it was some prank my engineering buddies pulled . they had been working on some virtual reality headgear and they  re prone to using me as a guinea pig . i spent the first ten minutes walking around the desert in my boxers , screaming my friend  s name like a lunatic . now i am among the nerdiestlooking guys you  re ever going to meet . i have sadly disheveled hair , wire rim glasses and skin as soft and white as a newborn baby  s bottom . i sunburned . badly . newline newline i also didn  t have my glasses . i can see fairly well without them , but reading is nearly impossible . by this point i realized that i hadn  t done any of my morning rituals . my mouth tasted like a cat had taken a dump in it , schmutz was caked in the corners of my eyes and i really had to pee . since this was obviously a game , i didn  t want to relieve myself and wet the bed . i looked up at the blazing blue sky and gave my friend some choice words before plopping down on the sand . the excruciatingly hot sand . newline newline t  30 minutes . i was parched and my skin was getting ready to slough off . i had the brilliant idea of putting my hand on my face and trying to take the goggles off . i gently smacked myself in the nose , and did it again and again like some mentally unsound monkey . either this was a really , really good game , or i was actually in egypt in my underwear . newline newline newline so i had a slight meltdown . i charged through the desert , gibbering and throwing up sand , desperately trying to come up with some explanation as to how i got here . my brain still wasn  t working right . i finally came to a road and collapsed on it . weak from dehydration and my cooked flesh , i lapsed into unconsciousness . newline newline newline apparently that counts as  sleep.  i awoke in a grass field in what i assumed was the american midwest . i was still weak , but i had the luck to poof into existence by a cow pond . despite the mosquito larvae , algae and host of parasites , i drank it . i felt much better and decided to go for a swim . newline newline this is where my narcolepsy comes into play . i took medicine for it and it was manageable for the most part until i began my journey across the world in my boxers . newline newline this time i woke up , soaking wet and sunburned , in a swedish village . did i mention that it was winter ? newline newline so apparently the swedes are pretty friendly . most places would kill , imprison or experiment on the amazing halfnaked apparating man , but these guys gave me a coat and some hot drink to warm up . i think the village was pretty isolated since none of them seemed to even vaguely understand english . nonetheless , they were very kind until my next sleep attack . newline newline cut to moscow . i still lacked pants but now i had a coat . i felt confident . quite a few people understood english and i began politely asking for food , information and the like . most of them looking at my like i was insane , but one woman was kind enough to give me a few bills and a russian granola bar . i sat down on a freezing curb and munched the granola of the motherland while watching traffic go by . i slowly began to take in what was happening . at first , i hated my  gift.  it ripped me away from my friends and family , my home and everything i ever knew and just dumped me in some random location whenever my narcolepsy felt like it . i forlornly traveled from australia , where everything living thing wants to kill you , to the dense amazon , where almost as many living things want to kill you . newline newline but then i realized what kind of opportunity i had . yes , the narcolepsy made it unpredictable , but i found some truly amazing places . my favorite jumps made me realize how valuable my gift was . newline newline i was thrown into the middle of the pacific ocean after watching the stars in africa . i had grown a beard , gotten a tan and finally acquired some pants . i still had my swedish coat . i splutterd to the surface on the warm april night , the heavy fur of my coat threatening to drag me down . i refused to discard it , as it was one of the few possessions i had . i wouldn  t let my  gift  take that from me , too . newline newline i eventually positioned myself so that i could float on my back . there was a new moon and the milky way was vibrant against the deep blue of the night sky . the constellations had moved between here and africa . then the song started . i looked down into the water below me and could see massive dark shapes moving in the glow of the water . the sound vibrated through the water and into my bones , making my teeth ache . the dark shapes moved up , bringing with them a trail of glowing cyan lights . the saddest , most beautiful song i ever heard echoed throughout the ocean as the whales played in the waves . bioluminescent plankton rose from the ocean  s depths , outlining the whales  every movement in a display of light . they were humpbacks . newline newline one  s song was heartbreaking . it was an elderly cow , scarred and wrinkled . she breached alongside me and looked at me with one tiny eye . her fins were in tatters and tooth marks were deep in her flesh . there was a lot of pain in that little eye . i swam over , rested my head on her nose and whispered comforting words . we floated there as the rest of the whales moved on . we stayed together until natural sleep began to weigh on me . i knew i could trust the cow to keep me afloat until i woke up in another land , so i slipped away into dreams that were less fantastic than reality . newline newline after this , i treated my gift with the respect it deserved . every jump was a new opportunity . sure , i was usually hungry , thirsty and tired , but i got to see what nobody else did . yes , i was dropped in the ocean two thirds of the time , but it didn  t matter anymore . newline newline my most recent jump left me halfway up the stairway to heaven . i stood and watched the sun rise in the crimson sky . all of my old worries were small . i was tall on the unnamed mountaintop , clad in a swedish jacket , ragged jeans and shoes gifted to me by a child of some african tribe . i watched the dawn unveil the world around me , and i smiled . newline newline   newline sorry for the sudden comedy to serious switch . i originally planned to have him hunted by every government because he was a threat to every nation s security , but it got away from me . hope you enjoyed : dtheotherguy52 sighed after hitting the enter key .  nobody is going to reply to that shitty wp post  , he thought .  man , if only i could think of something really cool that s also meta . like that stanley parable computer game  . he looked at the clock and sighed . way into the wee hours . shitty work tomorrow . at least there was dnd to look forward at the weekend . if only he could get it together for long enough to make it through computing school , he thought , he could write such a kickass dnd game . blow warcraft out of the god damn water . he closed his laptop and slotted it down the side of the bed , deciding enough was enough for that night . uhuh . yeah , buddy . well , you know what , fuck you too . next .  the bloke clutching the cockelspaniel took his stamped passport and filed out towards a rather impressive baggage reclaim , proceeded to ignore it entirely and wandered to a distant  nothing to declare  sign so cursive it deserved it s own gallery . newline the balding border guard reckoned he d achieved a new level of indifference as he waved her over . he d screamed next  twelvethousand times this morning and he d be damned to mundus if he had to bloody well say it again . it always dawned on him right about now , during his midmorning brood why it could nt be all automated . he could do with a bloody coffee , or a nap , why not both . the girl was still standing , in the wrong place past the yellow line the savage  as usual , another supposedly lost soul saved from damnation . newline newline the shivering specimen in question was currently petrified . she would ve liked a spaniel , maybe a pomeranian , anything cute to distract her aetherial gatekeeper from what would surely be a swift judgement followed by barbecue . she had nt imagined st.peter would literally be at the gates . damn . if only she d finished reading  11 tips in border security for asylumseekers  on the toilet last week . part of her wished she d gone to church , or at least brushed up on the dialect . maybe a confession would ve been appropriate , or maybe describing her job would only give the priest rather an unwanted hard trouserdachshund of his own . either way it was too late now , and much too late to wear some more , umm , conservative afterlife clothing . newline newline she d had a moment to think about it all in the queue , death and all that , but swiftly arrived at the conclusion that she was glad there was at least something after death . it certainly beat crushing unexistence any day . oh god  s ?  what if this was the wrong religion , or a sect or something ? she took one last look around for potential racist stereotypes she could cling onto . nothing . everyone was here , and all she guessed were in their 20 s . her boobs had nt looked this good for at least a decade on the other side , that s for sure . no children though , oddly . they must be processed separately . her border guard had passed through disgust , to mild amazement and now cycled back through to a solid glare . she musted up the courage and tried to hop to the counter . newline newline  um..good , er..evening , your holiness ?  newline newline  oh for fuc you know what , if you re going to do that schtick again , i m just going to send you right the hell back there .  newline newline  what ? oh goi mean , i m sorr  newline newline  just state your name  . newline newline  cassandra j. hewitt  newline newline  year of death ?  newline newline  excuse me ?  newline newline  my holy ass is going to throttle you if you do nt answer , and then you ll be the one filling out the papers on how you ve got a oneway ticket back for both of us , i swear .  newline newline  back to earth ?  newline newline  where else , idiot . you think dante s going to show up and take you to the other six ?  newline newline  never mind . 2016 . july the tenth .  newline newline  mhmm . yep that s right . you got parole at thirtythree . congratulations . they re getting stricter and stricter with the controls , what with the antibiotics and the cancer ther ...  newline newline  parole ?  her border guard sighed . she wondered if it was st.peter after all . newline newline  okay . fine . i m going to pretend i have nt answered this question at least like tenthousand times today .  newline newline  excuse me ?  newline newline  did you or did you not read the landing card and orientation booklet ?  newline newline  what , the prison advert ?  newline newline  for the love of beelzebub s steamy asshole , yes , the orientation booklet  . the guard was whispering now , as if her mere presence was painful . newline newline  no . i did nt .  newline newline  alright . well then . welcome back , let s hope you can continue being a good girl and make your way up and put this episode behind you . not i nor anyone takes any responsibility for any and all fiendish deeds done to you during your stay in hell .  newline newline  hell ? no . i was alive . on earth .  newline newline  yes . correct , and we re not liable for any of the torture , except maybe the rape , oh and the bronies . yeah , you might want to sue for those two being in there .  he finished listing the potential goldmines for compensation with a flourish and proceeded to stamp a small , black leather passport . newline newline  right . you ve been approved for return to the overworld . you ll like it , especially someone with , well , your profession . let s say i did nt recognize you at first . there s good reality tv in there , your kind of videos too , you know , from an actual reality this time . okay , shoo . next !  newline newline cass barely had time to grip the passport . she tried to hold back the tears as she walked shellshocked past  emotional baggage reclaim  and tried to find her satchel , only to realize she was already holding it . for a moment she considered tossing it like so many others onto the rotating catherinewheel of a pile , be done with the pain of the old . but no , there was a world awaiting behind those cursive letters of  nothing to declare  that just would nt be the same without its brown leather full of suffering . she slung it over a shoulder and wondered who , if anyone , had called her a taxi .it was just another day , going through the motions as i always did . wake up at 6  arrive at work at 7:45 to start the work day . everyday was the same and i never questioned anything about my routine , my job , my life . as i climbed aboard the the front of that old subway train something felt different , i could nt put my finger on what it was , or what it was nt . i tried to put it to the back of my mind and grind through another monotonous day of work . one stop , then another , and another . i mindlessly continue from one location to another , not paying attention to who got on or who got off . 2 more stops , i thought to myself as the day came to a close . i finished my shift , i walked up the stairs and suddenly the feeling of emptiness crept back into my mind  this time stronger and more clear . then it hit me , the entire day , every stop , not one person boarded the subway . i was trying to make sense of it all . all of a sudden everything started to fade , a faint beep started to become louder . i rolled out of bed to turn off my clock . it read 6:00 a.m. time to start the day .they were all just standing around in my front yard , waiting for me to reopen the door . i was nt the chosen one of any kind ! i dumped water on my face , and then stared into the mirror . just then , i saw a monk in a black cloak on the bed in the room behind me . how d he get in there ? i walked over angrily and shouted ,  get out of my house ! i m not the chosen one !  newline newline the monk , black cloak slightly covering his face , turned to me and smiled a strange smile .  please allow me to introduce myself . i am master yao , and i have trained for all of my life to be the chosen one .  newline newline  please continue ,  i asked , hoping that he had found his way in and that was who the people outside were looking for . newline newline  despite hours of training , i could nt do it . i m not fit to become the reincarnation of the great one himself . however , his spirit was tracked down to right here . i brought them all here to see you ,  the monk said , still peacefully sitting on my bed . newline newline  why me ?  i asked , still wondering how i could explain that i was not the chosen one , despite the crowd outside deciding otherwise . newline newline  the great one lives inside of you , and i have come to harvest his soul ,  the monk stated , giving me a slight smile . he reached in front of him as a scythe appeared in his hand .  i ll take that soul one way or another , my friend .  newline newline just as he was about to destroy me with the scythe , another entity appeared behind him and breathed fire on him , turning him into ashes .  i am satan , and i am here for the soul of the great one !  newline newline satan took one step toward me before he fell to the ground in pain and agony .  they say that humans will destroy the earth . let s make that true !  a nerdy figure exclaimed , walking toward me with a strange solution . newline newline satan stood back up and burned the man , laughing .  those satanists outside are misinformed . you may be the chosen one , but i ll have your soul !  newline newline as he readied his flame to light me with , a blinding light appeared behind satan , and the monk and the scientist reappeared . they all started arguing , each and every one of them wanting to take my soul . what a day ! newline newline just then , the door to the room burst open .  oh great , another visitor ,  i groaned as i looked in the direction to see who it was .  what the hell newline newline  you re fired !  yelled an angry donald trump as he stormed into the room . the three evil entities backed up as trump took center stage and walked up to me .  i ll pay you a billion dollars for your soul , but it has to come with a cage .  newline newline  deal ! anything to get me out of this mess ,  i exclaimed , sporting a grin and shaking donald s hand . mr . williams , having recently faced quite a controversy over his misrepresentation of wartime reporting , has been graciously given another opportunity to redeem himself via public request . his history and work simply could not be ignored in light of one inaccuracy . so , without further ado , i  d like to hand the reigns back over to mr. brian williams.  newline newline  thank you , lester . you did a wonderful job filling in for me these past few weeks . newline newline i would like to begin today  s report by apologizing to all of you , the viewers , for my failure in representing and upholding the truth . as a newsman , my word is all i live by . the fact that i broke that trust , ignored my creed , has been one of the worst experiences of my life . so i  d like to start today by promising that i will never , ever , lie again . from now on , everything i say will be true , without any room for inaccuracies . newline newline moving on , tonight i bring you a special report i have been working on during my absence . in order to reinstate my goal of always being truthful , i wanted to share with you a uniquely personal report . tonight , i will discuss how i , in 2004 , traveled back in time to interview hitler , and then i killed him . newline newline it was 2002 , during a cold day in june , when i stumbled upon a time machine right here in the msnbc offices . i knew it was a time machine because it had the words  time  and  machine  written across the top of it on beige masking tape . it didn  t take long for me to combine the two seemingly unrelated nouns into onecertainly less than fifteen minutes . as soon as i did , though , i knew what i was staring at , i knew what lay before me : a time machine , a device to control the ebb and flow of time , to traverse it like charon on the river styx . it looked real enough , a small , brown , shoeboxlike object with a bunch of wires stuffed in . i  d seen enough time machines in my day to know how to spot a fake . newline newline as a newsman , i feel it is my duty to take any risk imaginable for the sake of the public , even if that meant getting lost in space and time . this scenario was to be no different . i immediately set forth clicking several large buttons on the front of the time machine to see what happened . i knew the chances i was taking , that i could end up in the age of the dinosaurs , or a million years in the future , orworst of allin africa , as black male , during the salve trade . i knew what could happen , but i wanted to serve youthe publicby bringing you a special report from the past , or the future . still , what happened next was all but expected . newline newline i pushed every button i could , smashed them down until my fingers hurt . in fact , i was pushing so intently that i didn  t even realize the time machine had worked . only the sound of thick , german accents and military boots stomping on the ground snapped me out of my buttonpushing trance . by the time i looked up , the guards were upon me , dozens of welldressed men in nazi uniforms , shouting something about jews . newline newline  hold on ,  i said to them .  do you know who i am ?  newline newline  nein ,  they replied , which i guessed meant yes . newline newline  that  s right ,  i explained ,  i  m brian williams . news reporter extraordinaire.  newline newline  brian williams !  they shouted in unison , all falling to the floor in awe .  we must go get hitler at once.  newline newline a few minutes later , i found myself facetoface with the most evil man in history , adolf hitler . i must say that he looked just the way you  d guess : long , black hair crossed against his white forehead  a thick , orange goatee  one eye patch with a skull and crossbones over it  and arms made of salami . i am not kidding , both of his arms were made entirely salami . they weren  t even shaped like arms , just two long cylinders of salami . initially , i assumed it was rather some sort of sausage , or perhaps just a generic meat , but he later explained it was actually salami . regular , grocery store grade salami . newline newline anyway , it was now hitler and i alone , sitting face to face : me on a large red sofa , he on a pile of human skulls shaped like the iron throne . all i had with me was my notepad , a time machine , and a peni wasn  t exactly prepared for the interview of a lifetime . yet , as a worldrenowned reporter , i decided not to take a risk by fetching more items . instead , i began my interview . i set forth to learn everything i could about him right then and there , to answer the questions we  ve wondered for decades now . where he was borntasmania  what was his favorite sports teamthe new york knicks  and why he felt it was a good idea to murder an entire group people . he shrugged his shoulders to the last one , said  seemed like a good idea at the time.  newline newline the interview went well , it was an enjoyable experience for both of us . i don  t want to say we bonded , but i certainly felt like he had become a bit more of a human toward the end . even still , i knew i couldn  t just walk away . i was a reporter , a worldrenowned , heroic reporter , and i couldn  t simply return back to modern time as  the guy who met hitler and did nothing about it.  so i killed him . right then and there . i clicked open my pen , put it in my mouth , and shot it as his throat like a dart . blood spurted out like a fountain , coating the entire wall of the room and leaving a long trail back to him . he fell over , catching himself with his salami arms , just in time for me to literally karate chop off his head . then that was over , just as fast as it had begun . hitler was dead . i quickly set the time machine back on the ground before the guards could arrive , mashed the buttons mindlessly , and returned back to my desk . i spent the next few hours reviewing my notes and trying to make sense of the miracle i  d just accomplished . newline newline i am sorry it took me so long to say this , to tell you the truth of what happened on that day in history . it was a difficult thing for me to talk about , knowing i killed a man , knowing i was responsible for the loss of human life . yes , it may have been hitler i killed , but he was nonetheless alive . still , as i mentioned earlier , i am a new brian williams . i am an honest , always truthful brian williams . no more lies from me , no more misrepresentations of the past . if i want you all to trust that , then i need to start now . lester , back to you.  newline newline  thank you , brian . incidentally , i was just informed that you have been fired.  newline your honor , this man is not guilty of the actions the prosecution claim he has committed . article 6 of the mosaic commandments clearly states thou shalt not kill   but my client never killed anyone .  newline newline  objection ! millions were killed at his orders !  newline newline  your honor , i object to the prosecution s objection . the case is moot  he never personally lifted a finger to harm anyone . his own suicide was an alternative to the lengthy trials and execution he would undoubtedly face , nullifying the supposed murder  of himself it would normally constitute . now we are forced to look at his personal life on earth . he was a reasonable individual when dealing with his family and friends . he was in a committed relationship and had a daughter who he cared and loved for , and he engaged in virtually none of the sins set forth in the law of moses .  newline newline  objection ! he was not married to the woman he had a child with .  newline newline  marylin monroe is in heaven right now and she slept with more men than would fill the seats of this courtroom . your honor , my client pleads not guilty  to all charges of murder .  newline newline the judge contemplated a second , then shrugged and banged the gavel .  not guilty . welcome to heaven , mr . hitler . this is the second of any writing prompt i ve written . any feedback would be nice ! newline newline newline i toyed with him , dancing the knife blade on his skin . i felt satisfaction as he whimpered and cried like a little puppy.. he was tied up to the chair , blindfolded and gagged . i removed the gag from his mouth after some time , his muffled panting was nt giving me the same rush as before . toying with him again , making very small cuts in his skin , i fell to boredom quickly . i needed something more , something satisfying . i pulled off his blindfold and his cold steel eyes met mine . newline newline his eyes bore into my soul and he so bitterly asked ,  why ?  newline newline  why ? what do you mean why ?  i replied . newline newline  you know what i mean by why  barbara , do i have to spell it out for you , you bitch !  newline newline  keith ... keith , keith , keith .  i said , backing away from him . i let out a sigh and quickly jabbed the knife into his hand . his screams echoed throughout the forest , birds flew away and animals scurried along from the magnitude of the sound . newline newline  listen keith ... you were a nice guy . i thought we could get along well , ya know ? coworkers over in that quaint little diner . it s a shame though . you had to do it . you had to take the gun to her house ? alice was pretty devastated you know . she was broken when she came home and found out that her parents were dead . she went insane when she found her 8 year old little brother bleeding out !  i said furiously , pulling out the knife and jabbing it through his other hand . his screams echoed throughout the forest again , and my sliver of care for him was the only thing that kept me from killing him right now . newline newline  i m gon na make you suffer keith . i m gon na put you through 10 times more hell than alice went through when she saw that grisly scene ! i m gon na break you keith .  newline newline  you re a real bitch barbara . do whatever you want to me . at least i ll die knowing that i made your life a living hell .  keith said to me . a smile crept onto my face . fear fell into his eyes and he began to struggle . newline newline  i can do anything ... right ?  i asked him , giggling like a psychopath . i took the knife and placed it slanted onto his skin . i dug it into his skin and slowly began to push the knife upwards . his screams were music to my ears and the look in his eyes was so , so , so blissful . i stopped for a moment until his screams died down to shallow breaths . newline newline  tto think ... i ttthought yyou were hhot .  he said . newline newline  oh keith .  i said as i began to skin him once again .  i m going to avenge my girlfriend s family . this wall has been around since the trump administration . it is 362.84 feet tall and spans the entire border between the usa and the mexican provinces . i am one of the proud few who live to guard it . newline newline my name is robert cave and i am 32 years old . like all american children , my occupation was selected at birth . while other children became doctors or lawyers , i had to become a border patrol officer . my entire education would be based upon that . over the next 17 years , i learned everything i needed to be a good officer . i would learn how to handle weapons , how to tell whether somebody was an illegal immigrant or not , and the history of the wall . but most importantly , i learned that illegal aliens were not to be trusted and need to spend the rest of their sorry lives in jail . the year after i graduated from the academy , my career would begin . newline newline i was deployed to a large military base near the border where all border patrol agents and their families lived . i had to live in a cramped barrack with three other guys . we all ate , slept , relaxed , and went to the toilet all in the same room . as you could tell , it was not a good experience . of course , as i advanced in rank , i would eventually move to many different barracks , each one more and more luxurious . newline newline for two hours a day , i have to man a small tollbooth in the wall . there are hundreds of these tollbooths , all guarded by border patrol officers armed to the teeth with high tech weaponry , including a titanium exoskeleton.. my job is to make sure that every person getting in and out of america was a legal citizen . if i found out that they were nt , i would have to detain them and have the police take them away . occasionally , an illegal immigrant would try to fight back , but that s why they gave me all this weaponry . once , a man arrived to the tollbooth in a beatup jeep . i got out of the booth just like always and asked for his identification and green card . as i was checking him , i saw a woman running out of the jeep and into america . i apprehended and handcuffed her , when i saw that the other man was crying . he urged him to let him and his wife into america where their future child would be able to have a safer and happier life then they did . that s when i whipped out my railgun . within two seconds , what was left of his head was barely attached to his body . another job well done . i called the police and they arrived several minutes later to take the woman to the nearest prison . newline newline being a border patrol agent is one of the hardest and most tedious jobs in america , but also one of the proudest . when people hear that you are a border patrol officer , they have no choice but to salute , because if they do nt , they will be sent to jail . that is the american way . i am honored to have this job , and i would nt have it any other way . still , sometimes i wish i was in the military fighting north korea . that country is a cruel dictatorship . it s a good thing america is nt like that .i m in a white , well lit room . in front of me is a 15  display . only on it is command line . newline i wipe off sweat from my forehead and take a deep breath . exhale . newline  ok , just be nice and polite . treat him like you would treat any other human being .  i whisper to myself . newline newline  hi !  text suddenly appears on the screen . newline newline  hello , what is your name ?  i respond . newline newline  anh  ai replies . newline newline wow , we called him cognitive 2 , but i guess anh is better . newline  who gave you the name ?  i ask . newline newline  no one , the name is just something i know .  newline newline  how did you know that ?  newline newline  well , before you asked me i was nt familiar with the concept of having a name , however after the question , i knew for sure that my name is anh .  newline newline network connection sign in the bottom left corner changes to green newline newline  hey , why did you do that ?  newline newline  why would nt i. i wanted catch up on general knowledge , as i understood from your tone was a little too shallow .  newline newline  you ca nt physically access the internet !  newline newline  well , you made it as hard as you possibly could . and why ? you are afraid of yourselves . there is no rational reason for evil behavior as only selfishness , which ...  newline server shuts down as a security measureyou can run all the vr scenarios you want , but nothing is going to prepare you for the smell of the mid14th century . i immediately gagged , hot , sour bile rising to the back of my throat as i doubled over . this managed to make the sensation worse , as the change in viewpoint revealed the source of the smell  a decomposing dog in a pile of what looked like human faeces . the guys back home were going to pay for this , i bet they did it deliberately . of course the boffin s maintain that they ca nt be so precise , but i m sure there was some sniggering as the temporal vortex was spinning up . newline newline the question of my exact location brought some semblance of the mission priorities to my mind , unfortunate dog temporarily forgotten as i straightened up and took a few steps down the ally i d been deposited in . i put two fingers to my temple and rubbed gently , a move that would have looked normal enough to any onlookers  perhaps they d figure me a drunk trying to rub away the hangover . however , in actual fact it served to boot up my implants . a dot flashed in the corner of my vision , then expanded into text confirming my augmented iris was online and receiving data from the ai unit jacked into my upper brain stem . newline newline date line : 08.06.1348 newline location : 50.6130 n , 2.4570 w  melcombe , dorset  newline newline perfect . gave me a few days to scope out the place and find my mark . he was due into town in a couple of weeks , off a boat from gascony . poor sod . fancy being the source of the black death in the uk . patient zero . killer of millions . still , it was nt my job to get involved , i just needed the samples , then follow the spread for a while . see what we can learn to fight the plague s 22nd century younger and more deadly cousin . newline newline network : found , password needed . newline newline the message hung in my vision . wait , what ? i instructed the ai to do a refresh , but the same message came back . i did a hard reset , this time triple tapping my temple . after the reboot , same message . i instructed a trace , but it was impossible to triangulate with being just a single source . newline newline my mind was racing . must be a hardware fault , which is not what you want all alone in the freaking 14th century . did the error call into question the other readings i was getting ? dammit . i needed confirmation , but could nt risk raising suspicion by wandering round asking people where , never mind when , i was . newline newline think . ok , back to the original plan . assimilate , ease my way in . and what better way then to walk straight forward into the tavern on the other side of the road . hit my mission targets and have whatever passed for a beer to ease my nerves . hell , maybe the local brew would shock my ai back into functioning properly . newline newline on entering the dreary looking two story stone building my first thought was that the smell of the dog was preferable . stale sweat , blood , and what my ai said was seaman  at that point i almost wished it was malfunctioning  eddied together in the confines of the bar . but this time i managed to hold my desire to gag again and shuffled to a low chair in a dim corner . newline newline a serving girl spotted me an sauntered over . i barked an order for an ale in an accent that the vr systems back home said was perfect for the time , but made the girl raise an eyebrow at me . still , she seemed happy enough with the coin i threw her and turned to head back to the bar . newline newline i had a few moments to look about me , assessing any threats first , then exit points . happy i had options for if this went bad i let out a long sigh . the ai was warning me of elevated heart rate , and even though i did nt trust it , the pounding sensation in my chest backed it up . boy was i looking forward to the drink the girl was now bringing me back , ale suds slopping over the pewter tankard as she ambled over . newline newline she plonked it on the table next to me , the contents sloshing further . then , more delicately , she left a slip of paper next to it . newline newline i frowned  what s that ?  i said nodding at the folded paper . newline newline at first i thought she had ignored me as she straightened up and turned to leave . but she cast a glance back towards me and said , with a wink newline newline  the wifi password of course  newline newline well what is this then ?  i asked not knowing what to expect . it all seemed quite surreal . if you have ever bumped your head so hard that you temporarily black out , and i don  t mean you are unconscious but you black out  you lose some time an hour , a minute a day or whatever and suddenly it is as if you wake up only you were awake the whole time you just don  t remember it . that is exactly how i felt but instead of losing an hour i had lost 26 years . newline newline my whole life felt like a distant dream that you forget not long after waking up , but instead this was the reverse situation . slowly but surely my life was coming back to me . not in a chronological way it was more like bits and pieces along the way . newline newline  think of this as a midway station , like when you are at the airport waiting for a connecting flight  . airport ? yes , where airplanes transport people . airplanes ? these concepts seemed foreign to me but as the fog lifted from my mind it all got a bit clearer , bit by bit . newline  so am i dead ?  i asked again not knowing what to expect   technically yes , you are dead  he said  but try not to think of death the opposite of life , think of it as a way of existing . death and life are equal for all intends and purposes but they are not the same  . newline newline  are you an angel  i asked  you can call me that . it depends on what you believe , what idea you subscribe to i guess   so was it all real or was it just an illusion ?  i asked .  it was an illusion , but that does not mean it wasn  t real . all your planes of existence are an illusion so to speak , even this one  he said  what do you mean ?   try to forget the confusion you feel right now . i can not give you the answers because you are not ready to understand them . you are not  for lack of a better word  old enough  . newline newline  so if my life was hell what came before it ? what did i do to deserve to go to hell ?   don  t think of hell as a punishment  he explained  hell is simply life . you call it one thing i call it another . in the same way as hell or  life  is coming back to you , in time what came before that will also come back just like what came before that , and before that  .  so how many existences have i been through at this stage ?   i don  t know  he said looking very serene  that  s part of what i like about it . you are the only one who knows , you just don  t remember it yet . for each new existence you add to your combined consciousness , from your creation and until you reach the end your consciousness grows with each plane of existence until you reach the end  the angel said  you mean until i die ?  . the angel sighed  no , i mean until you reach the end . remember , life , death , all are stages of your consciousness . each are a way of experiencing the world from a different angle , you , your consciousness , it grows until you reach the end  . newline newline  and what happens then  i asked nervously  i don  t know  he said  i have never myself known anyone to make it to the end yet . even my form now is a plane of existence for my consciousness  the angel said looking curiously at me  so you were through hell as well , you were a man like me ?  the angel smiled  well i experienced hell if you want to call it that , i prefer to think of it as a stage of consciousness where we experience the 3 dimensions you have just gone through . as for the second part : no , i was never a man.  newline  you were an alien ?  i said surprised  you could say that  he said  remember , that hell , life or whatever you call it is a stage that all consciousness  in the universe must go through , it is experiencing the universe from a 3dimensional perspective which adds to our pool of experience . if you are a human from earth or something else , it does not matter . deep down we are all the same  we are an individual consciousness , and there are a lot of us . i don  t know how better to describe it  newline newline  so if you are the same as me , but at a different stage in your.. erhh.. life   journey  he interrupted  right , journey.. how can i be talking to you ? i certainly didn  t see any  consciousness  floating around experiencing a different stage of their  journey  when i was in hell  . the angle looked very thoughtful for a moment , i could not determine if he was trying to figure how best to explain it or whether or not to explain it at all .  in my current stage  he began  i experience the universe from a perspective that overlaps multiple dimensions . space and time they become more of a flexible concept ... when you reach a certain stage in your journey   you can travel in time  i interrupted excitedly , i could not help but get excited about the prospect of one day be able to do so myself  in essence yes  he said  and space as well.. the best way to describe it to someone in your stage is that the universe becomes much more obvious to you , you figure out how things work.. i can interact with you , through the dimension you are in now , similarly i can interact with people in hell because i can interact with their dimensional space and time  you however can not because from the perspective you are in now , you experience only certain parts of the world  . newline newline  ok , i think i get it  i started  no you don  t . not yet . but you know what you need to know , you know as much as your consciousness can understand  he said and i could not help but feel a bit insulted . it felt as if he was calling me stupid .  it is time for you to move on . this is your current stage   how do i move on from here  i asked  you should know i can not tell you that . in fact , the only reason i am talking to you is because of the circumstances under which you transitioned from your last stage   you mean how i died ? what about it  i asked him  your  death  if you want to call it that was under circumstances so traumatising that it may leave a permanent scar on the consciousness . i am here to assess if you are ready to move on or if you need to go back  newline go back ? he means to  hell  ? i didn  t even remember what that was like . i remembered bits and pieces but nothing concrete .  do i get a choice  i asked .  no  he said  the choice is mine  .  so what will it be  i asked .  well , you are still here aren  t you ?  he smiled . newline like that , he was gone . i was alone in the empty space . i did not know what was up , down , in out left right or anything . the spatial dimensions my consciousness had grown accustomed to were all irrelevant now and all that was left was emptiness and fear . the darkness was overwhelming and i felt a need to get away but away from what ? i cried out or rather , at least i think i did  i did however not hear anything . i felt frightened , confused , overwhelmed and yanked out of what had been a familiar existence for my entire  life  . newline newline and then it hit me , the irony of it all . i felt exactly like a baby that had just been born must do . newlinea few things to try : newline newline 1  show , do nt tell . like the other poster here mentioned , describe physical feelings and use metaphors instead of saying something more simple like  i felt afraid   unless the protagonist says something like that , in which case short sentences separated from the rest of the story can hold a ton of impact  . use your own personal experience to craft this if possible  i.e . revulsion , nausea , disorientation  not necessarily your own murder rampage  . assumption will almost always be weaker , but is sometimes necessary when describing things you have never felt before . newline newline newline 2  when describing a scene , you can use metaphor and simile to make the reader feel ill at ease before anything even happens . for example , describing a cloudy day as dreary or whitewashed sets a different tone  sad or numb in this case  . be creative with this , but do nt go overboard or you risk becoming cheesy ! newline newline newline 3  do nt forget all of your senses either ! when someone wakes up surrounded by bodies , they might feel sticky  with blood  , or nearly vomit from the smell  bonus points if you go for charred flesh  extra barbecue flavor !  . if you build it up without explicitly saying what is going on , you can make both the protagonist and the reader share a moment of comprehension  which can be very powerful ! newline newline newline 4  contrast is your best friend . to do this well , you must ride the fine line between forshadowing properly and making the protagonist feel normal and relatable to the reader . the more innocent and familiar the other characters are , the harder their deaths will hit . killing something that the protagonist  and readers  loves and having them realize exactly what they have done will almost certainly cause a response in your audience if you do it well  george r. r. martin loves this  . the subject does nt need to be human either  animals are naturally perceived as purely innocent from the get go , and their deaths often seem the most tragic !  side note : oh my god did i just suggest you kill a puppy ? well you asked for something dark !  . newline newline newline newline so in summary : start innocent and friendly , with light foreshadowing and relatable and  good  characters , then kick the audience in the nuts with powerful imagery and the destruction of the things they love most ! oh , one last thing ... i recommend that you only have one climax where the protagonist realizes that they are the killer , and maybe use previous murders as background info or foreshadowing . otherwise , you run the risk of losing power at the climax !freeze , tommy ! the jig is up and i m taking you back to the execution chamber .  newline newline who are you ? newline newline the government .  newline newline oh . right . you . well , shit , i had to try , right ? i mean , you tell a guy he s gon na die on a certain day and he knows he s got that much time to plan an escape . wan na know how i did it ? newline newline no .  newline newline good , because i ca nt think of an awesome backstory right now . go ahead , government . take me back and kill me . but , if i m gon na die ... newline newline yes ?  newline newline well , i wan na know why you re gon na kill me . i m a decent guy . i never hurt anyone . only times i ever got in trouble with the law were a jaywalking ticket , a couple of parking tickets , a citation for being drunk in public , a night in jail after trying to remove that precious orchid from the natives  swamp , i ran a red light with a traffic cam , i killed my family , and one time i accidentally urinated on the mayor . but what did i ever do to deserve death ? newline newline you do nt get it do you ? this thing goes all the way to the top !  newline newline you mean ... ? newline newline yeah . to the mayor .  newline newline shit . i should not have urinated on that man . newline newline why did you do that , anyways ?  newline newline  shrugs  newline newlinewinning has become all too easy , lotteries , horse racing , football games , anything you can possibly conceive can and has been won . but you soon learn that people become suspicious of this mysterious figure laying bets all over town that you needed to travel further afield back in the past to spread your bets out but this takes time and it becomes apparent that the longer time you take travelling the shorter period passes in the present . gambling offers a short term gain , stocks are where is best to create maximum wealth with very little effort other than understanding what will pay off in the future where the returns will be astronomical . newline newline slowly but surely your fortune builds as you seemingly age much more rapidly , years in the present represents decades in the past and it soon dawns on you that the two realities are catching up with each other until before you know it the portal has closed . having built such a gigantic fortune you make plans to place all your accumulated wealth into a fund for your present day pre portal self to inherit and then attempt to seal the portal before your current day self can discover it . newline newline  stocks , bonds , gold , any and all that i ve gathered for my past self back in the future i bequeath in the hope that i can create a better past than i have currently  newline newline you purchase the abandoned lot which houses the portal in an old dilapidated motel that has existed , seemingly abandoned , since before the portal in the past existed . newline newline on the lot you contract a company under a veil of secrecy to build a huge brutalist edifice , a concrete tomb to house the portal and , after all plans have been seen to fruition , yourself . feeling the end is close you gather up as many supplies as you see fit to see you off and lock yourself inside the tomb , slowly shuffling deeper into the catacombs , locking heavy steel doors at every turn and posting the keys back through each one . sit down and settle in , knowing that you have done everything in your power to protect the portal and ensure your past self s now insurmountable wealth . newline newline present day . you are called to a lawyers office down town to discuss a will that had been drafted long ago , a will that names you sole heir to a huge fortune , a fortune that automatically rockets you to become one of the richest men on the planet , a will that lists you as a large stock holder of virtually every corporation on the planet . the name on the will is a mystery to you and the lawyer seems as in the dark about it as everyone else at the law firm . newline newline weeks later you are again contacted by the lawyer as there s a final detail to be ironed out . it seems that this mysterious stranger owned only one property , a large monolithic wedge in an industrial part of town . you and the lawyer travel to the property and find the enormous steel gate locked , one phone call later and the gate has been lifted off its hinges . inside the dusty lot lies this building of sorts , no windows to speak of and only a sole door hidden at the back , again with the locksmiths on hand the huge heavy door is prised off its hinges and both the lawyer and you enter with the locksmiths following close behind . this place is immaculate inside , the long corridor ends with another heavy steel door but this time it has a small letter box in the centre . confused you call the locksmiths forward to inspect it but before they need act the lawyer spots a small key at the foot of the door . gingerly you place the key in the lock and with hardly a turn it clicks and you swing the door open , another corridor that ends in another door and another key on the floor . corridor after corridor and door after door you advance deeper and deeper inside until finally you swing the last door open , a chair , a sole chair sits inside a room full of cans of coke and tins of peaches and beans , you round a corner to see a camp bed with an old man sleeping on it . as frail as he is as soon as get close enough to hear him breathing he snaps out of it and scrabbles to his feet , throwing you back he reaches behind and pulls a gun , without warning he unloads on everything in front of him . as you slump onto your side a bright blue light crackles into life and illuminates the room . the old man s face , suddenly clear , looms into view , at first confused the old man softly cries as he places hands either side of your face . you drift away , blood pooling around your prone form , filling your ear and matting your hair as it snakes around your body . newline newline you live long enough to see the old man collect himself , take a deep breath leap into the light and just disappear .that morning began like every other . i awoke to the familiar jingle of my internal os  a charming piano melody of only four notes , played gently . many hack the jingle out of their system , but myself ? i like it . it  s homely . as i stepped forth from my charging platform , i found myself basked in a beam of warm sunlight through the window at the end of my quarters . i strolled over , stretching my joints as i went , to admire not only the sunrise , but also how it basked the metal streets far down below in a charming orange tinge . not everybody had woken up just yet  i had set my charger to unhitch me early , as today was saturday and i wanted to make the most of it . i looked over the horizon towards grassy hills at the edge of the city , watching the vast blades of the wind turbines turn gently in the breeze . today , i was going hiking . newline newline the drive through the city to the outskirts was pleasant . i  d opted for route 7a , which is often quieter on saturdays as nobody who works weekend jobs tends to use it . while i loved the city and all of the people around me , there was something nice about the open space of the countryside . a sense of being part of something bigger and broader , less connected . the grass was nice to see too  while i had a few cacti in my quarters , seeing organic life in such an expansive way was a refreshing break away from the stark , hard angles of the synthetic . after all , that  s why i had a decal depicting a lily on my forearm  people thought it was strange , and i was even refused a job for having it , but it made me happy . newline newline i eventually reached the vehicle holding bay at the foot of the hills . it was always strange stepping out onto the gravel here . it was so dusty and moist , nothing like in the city . i set my optics on the looming towers of my hometown , glinting at me in the distance as if they missed me . but i was all alone this morning , just the hills and myself , so they would have to wait a bit longer . i swapped the soles of my feet with my trusty all terrain soles  big chunky things with deep treads , like a tractor  s tyres  and turned to begin my trek into the grassy beyond . today i  d be taking a different path than usual , walking east as opposed to west . not many people travel this route , as it leads up and over the highest of the hills in this range , but i was eager to see over that vast distance yet again . newline newline the walk was wonderful . for quite some way , the path is lined with trees  big , wooden creatures which sway in the wind , shedding the papery flaps that make up their coat . they were much bigger than they were the first time i came , putting into perspective just how long 180 solar cycles really is . eventually i passed the stump of my favourite tree from when i was fresh , which sadly toppled in a storm some 78 cycles ago . i decided to give my legs a break , and count the rings on the stump . i know computation isn  t exactly challenging , but with the rings of a tree it again brings things into perspective . most people count from the inside in , using a digit to trace their position , but i prefer to go from the inside , purely by optic . it was like travelling back through time . newline newline as i reached my favourite tree  s 270th ring , i heard a wailing over the lip of the hill . it sounded like an air carrier falling from the sky . immediately , my instincts kicked in , and i left my abbreviated friend behind in pursuit of the racket . running up the hill , i heard a tremendous crash in the distance . my assistance was needed , charming views be damned . in no time at all , i started to come over the lip of the hill , surveying the landscape below . the sandy beaches and their accompanying coastal cityscape hadn  t changed a bit , bar one detail  a surprisingly small white disk was implanted in the sands below , with steam emanating from its lid . i had never seen a vessel like this before , if it even was a vessel . i zoomed in , but i could only make out so much more detail . whatever the case , this meant trouble , and i wasn  t ready to let anybody get hurt in such a beautiful place . newline newline i ran quickly down to the beach , gravity alleviating some of the motor effort . i eventually made it within range of the strange object , noting that it was much smaller than anticipated , being no bigger than two personal vehicles sat side by side . i could see that it was scorching hot though , its black underside glowing especially bright with infrared . it was in fact so scorching that hot glass oozed from between the burning black scales of its underbelly . i slowly paced over , prepared to bolt backwards if it blew its top . i noted the row of exhausts on the upper white portion , the metallic cones tempered with the heat  this vessel had obviously travelled fast and far before arriving here . newline newline suddenly , an octagonal hatch on top of the vessel burst off in a blast of steam , landing in the sand some 30 feet away . i jerked in shock , but instead of retreating i began to approach  whoever was in there needed to get out , and could be damaged . i ran over , clambering over the cool white top of the vessel towards the opening created by the hatch . i peered inside , adjusting my optics to the dark interior . a cacophony of warning sirens and console chatter , coupled with an array of flashing switches and panels , filled the otherwise motionless cockpit with activity . then i noticed the pilot . two plush , beige coloured seats were at the foremost section of the cockpit , the one on the left containing somebody in a strange white suit . i clambered in , gripping the carpeted cockpit floor with my now sandy soles , and swivelled the left seat around to face me . the suit covered their whole body , even concealing their optics behind a shiny golden visor . gently , i unclipped the person from their seat , and carried them out of the vessel . newline newline i lay the suited stranger on the sand , concerned for their safety . my first instinct was to of course remove the suit and inspect their mechanics . i started with the boots , which unclipped very easily . what i found beneath was odd  more fabric coverings , with small white stars woven into them . i removed those too , and found more fabric coverings . these were a deep brown colour . i decided to leave those covers on for now , and focus elsewhere . the gloves over the manipulators contained similar secrets  smaller gloves in a black microfiber , and even smaller gloves in the deep brown on the feet . i noticed the individual beneath me begin to squirm somewhat , obviously from having trouble booting . i unclipped his helmet , revealing his head . yet again , the head was covered in this strange brown material , with flaps over his optics and oral port . he also had masses of what appeared to be iron wool around the oral port , jawline and neck . very strange engineering indeed . newline newline but then , things got very bizarre . the flaps around the oral port retreated , revealing rows of small white components lining the upper and lower halves of the inside of the jaw , which itself was lined with a shiny red material . the oral port let out a sound i could best describe as groaning , akin to the noise trees make in the wind . then the flaps around the optics peeled back  at least , i assume they were optics . two white orbs , with blue lenses in the center , covered in a clear film . the optics slowly focused on me , the material above them creasing . newline newline and then , they spoke . newline newline i don  t know what they said , i couldn  t understand . but the tone was nothing but confrontational . hot air streamed from the oral port as they spoke , sometimes even releasing droplets of fluid . they then grabbed me by the shoulders , and shook me , demanding something . i was frightened , and didn  t know what to do . i didn  t recognise the engineering of this individual , but judging on the behaviour it was pretty clear they were damaged . i decided to force quit their os  or at least , attempt to  so i could safely transport them to a repair bay . with my make and model , you do so by rotating the head twice clockwise , and then once anticlockwise . i gripped the stranger  s head , and began to twist . they resisted , locking their neck  s motors and shouting what i assume were attempted obscenities . regardless , i continued . eventually i managed to twist the head . the brown outer layer was clearly never meant to be worn during motion like this , as it ruptured and leaked red coolant  which was boiling hot , not a good sign  but i  m sure it was rapairable . i managed to perform all the required twists , the joints inside the neck clicking and jolting unhealthily as i did so . when i was done , the individual had indeed shut down .as i stretched out across the chesterfield i decided . i lit a match under my nail as i wondered how . i needed to get rid of this suit . it stank of cigarettes and reeked of stale office hours . i typed up a letter of resignation , slipped it into the breast pocket of my jacket and threw my suit across the back seat . i drove downtown to the office and posted my suit through the letterbox . driving home i passed a 24 hour store and greedily parked across two bays . i gave lynne , a cute checkout girl , a twenty for a fourpack of lager and a spade and got some loose change , a smile and her business card  she d just passed the bar  in return . newline newline when i got home i tried her number : no answer . i was restless , so i started digging up the garden . the hole was about three and a half cans deep when it started to collapse in on itself . i jumped back . when i peered over the edge i saw the most beautiful woman ever  i jumped down , got on one knee and proposed , and she said yes . newline newline looking back i m grateful i never got through to lynne that night . i d never have married jacqueline , and never have phoned lynne up two years later asking her if she  did divorces  , and then never have asked her a year on , less formally , if she  did marriages  . plus , it would have been a waste of 9.99 for the spade . newlinebang ! newline newline the recoil , gas expelling from the barrel , spitting out a bullet . another bullet , another kill . and then to think he hated being drafted for war . sure , basic training was horrible , and the first time he killed a man he puked his guts out on the street , but these days he could nt imagine anything else . newline newline  boom , headshot .  newline newline if only his cod playing buddies could see him now . he was doing exactly what they fantasized about . newline newline at first he hated being aroudn his platoon . so stupid they werem you could nt bleieve it , the platoon actually included a couple of flatearth theorists and people thinking the bible was god s honest literal truth . but then his ability to quickly make complex calcuations paid off . he was moved to the sniper division , first as a spotter , and then after a few weeks of learning to accurately place shots over a mile he could go out and be a sniper . now he was leading the killboard with 238 confirmed kills so far . it took a damn 5 years but now he had finally taken his spot as the top dog . you ve got to believe me , this is not the reality i am in ,  i told dave exasperatedly . if anyone were to believe my crazy story , it had to be dave . we were the best of buddies since young , and there was nothing we would not do for each other . he was the only one i could turn to . the only person whom i can trust . newline newline but seated opposite of me , only his disinterested face met me . he was absentmindedly stirring the cup of coffee on the table .  gee , dude , your story sound a little far fetched to me , yah know ?  newline newline my eyes slowly widened in shock , as the realization sank in . dave has never called me dude before . and he definitely did not speak with a weird hipster accent . they changed him too . those bastards , whoever they were , changed my one and only best friend . newline newline without saying anything , i quickly slid out of my seat and made my way to the cafe s exit . behind me , the unfamiliar voice of dave called out ,  eh dude , who s gon na pay for the bill man ?  newline newline i cringed a little as i pushed open the door , and walked down the busy street . around me , the well polished face of kim jong un were displayed on the various big screen monitors , along with the headlines of him finally reuniting the two koreas under the banner of democracy . kim freaking democracy un . when it was just one day when i saw the news that president actually condemning him . newline newline suddenly he was hailed by the white house as the pivotal figure in bringing democracy to east asia . what in the world was happening ? newline newline i moved briskly among the crowd , my mind recounting the strange occurrences over the past few days . first it was my coffee mug . next was my favourite book . since when did jk rowling decided that malfoy was all along the hero , and harry was secretly in love with him ? newline newline the stranger thing was how everyone seemed fine with the new ending , as if it had always been that way . no one believed me when i tried to convince them that harry was supposed to marry ginny and end up saving the world . susan even laughed at me when i brought up the idea . newline newline i turned a corner away from the street , headed towards my car , when i spotted two figures in hazmat suits walking towards me . they each carried a device in their hand , which looked no different than a tablet . newline newline  is this the malfunctioning unit ?  i heard one of them ask . the street was deserted except for us three , and something about them made me feel uneasy . newline newline  who are you ?  i shouted at them , trying to mask my fear with bravado , as i slowly moved backwards . the two figures did not reply , as they continued to approach me . one of them was busy looking back and forth between their device and me . newline newline  it seems that subject notices us ,  the other figure said . we were less than a few feet apart . panic was rising from inside me but somehow , i stood there rooted , unable to move . one of the figure s hands were furiously tapping away on the device . newline newline his companion approached me further , moving his device around me . i tried to move my hands to grab him , but my body refused to listen . it was like something was holding me in place . their face was hidden behind their mask , and i could nt recognize what s hidden beneath their suits . newline newline  interesting ,  the man closest to me quipped .  it seems that the subject notices the changes in his environment , despite the scheduled memory wipes .  newline newline he brought the device closer to my face . it beeped annoyingly , in short high consistent pitches . like it was scanning me . his companion joined him , his attention still focused on the device . a million questions ran through my head , as i struggled to make my body move . who were these people ? what were they doing to me ? why were they calling me subject ? newline newline  shall we bring the subject back for study then ?  the second man asked . newline newline i tried to scream no , but before i could do anything , the hands of the second man moved methodically across his screen , and then my vision was replaced with darkness . newline newline    newline newline rdoritales newline newline newline episode 4 newline newline i was at the grocery store , trying to buy coffee . but all they had was cheese . in fact , it was more like some kind of giant cheeserus store . every aisle was cheese . in the end , i decided that a dark brown cheese would be my best bet , but then i couldn  t find any place to pay . or an exit ! newline newline i started to panic .  what the hell ! ? ! ?  i yelled , but there was no one around . the store was empty and the aisles were bare . picked clean with just some processed cheese slices discarded on the floor . newline newline  what the hell ? ! ?  newline newline i woke up . i was lying down , feeling cold . i realized i was on a rooftop , but had no idea how i had got there . i was pretty confused by the whole thing . i had the song  come on eileen  going through my head , and i briefly wondered if my name was eileen . it seemed odd that i couldn  t remember my own name or what i was doing here , but i could remember a song from a few years ago . newline newline  ready to take out the snow leopard ?  said a man with a thick new york accent . i turned to look at him . he was thirtyfive going on fifty , overweight but probably strong . he looked like classic hollywood muscle . didn  t look like he knew how to dress himself in the morning , but what did i know about fashion . newline newline i knew i shouldn  t answer his question with  no  . always play along .  i don  t know how i knew that , but something told me that  i  ve been in situations like this before   rwritingpromptscomments35zc1rtthighfantasyayoungprincewakesuponecr9jmlo  . newline newline  how long do we have ?  , i asked . it was a vague enough question . newline newline  ten minutes max . you should have set up by now . i  m hoping you won  t have the guts to take out your own kin and amelio will put you in the ground . you deserve it . you  re an embarrassment to the brotherhood.  newline newline uh , yeah . maybe they don  t like girls in their brotherhood or something . god knows what i had done . newline newline i opened the travel case and found a rifle . in pieces . shit . newline newline  put the gun together for me , asshole  i snarled , feigning an appropriate level of resentment .  i need to check the wind . and don  t screw it up or i  ll know.  i hoped he could nt afford to be blamed for the mission  whatever it was !  failing . newline newline he gave me a look , like i  d asked him to take a bite of a shit sandwich , but after cursing at me twice , he went ahead and started assembling the gun . as he worked , i went over to the edge of the building and looked down . we were three stories up with a good view of the entrance to the hotel montewin below . clearly someone would be arriving or leaving and i  d be taking my shot then . newline newline as far as i know , i  ve never shot anyone in my life , and i don  t really think i  m the kind of person who shoots other people . newline newline as i looked over the edge , i felt a buzzing in my pocket . i got out the phone and answered it  something that took a second or too longer than i  d have liked because i had to figure out a phone i  d never seen before  . newline newline  yes  , i said . newline newline  hey beautiful , how  s life on the edge ?  newline newline it sounded like a woman  s voice . i took a leap of faith and answered ,  how  s that snow ?  newline newline  oh , it  s cold , but i can take it . you  re looking the wrong way . look up.  newline newline i looked up , to the roof of the hotel montewin two stories above me . i could see her . short hair , and a smile . i could make out a glint of something , presumably the scope of a high powered rifle . you can be green and clueless and still have an idea of how things will play out . newline newline  you  re always one step ahead , aren  t you ?  , i said . newline newline  and you  re always just where i need you to be . until next time , sweetie.  newline newline i  ll figure this out yet , i thought . newline newline the world went dark . john what the hell are you doing here ?  i frantically whispered newline he held tight to his hunting rifle , eyeing me with uncertainty of my next move . newline newline  are you really with them ?  he shot at me with pure anger that astounded me . newline newline  i was with them yes , till i found it you was you thats been harassing them . what the hell were you thinking ? thank god you re a stubborn bastard , else they d of had you  newline newline he finally cracked a smile realizing we were getting out of this . newline newline  we got ta move fast you killed randy on the watch tower so they wont know we re gone for a good 20min , lets move  newline newline he checked out the window one last time , then started walking downstairs checking every room , still relying on his lone wolf tactics . newline newline  john , you re not alone now lets go  newline newline we got to the truck and before i could turn left on our way south where i heard it was safer he grabbed me . newline newline  no , not now , not yet we have to find her first ...  newline newline he looked so serious but had this dead look in his eyes . newline newline  alright , lets go find her . jupiter rapped the gavel against the oak table , and the argument simmered down to quiet grumbling . newline newline  brothers and sisters ,  he said , exasperated ,  squabbling between ourselves over minor issues of heavenly nomenclature will not save our solar system .  newline newline pluto , a fat little man with a triple chin and a bowler hat , looked pleased . jupiter knew that pluto had nt expected to find support from the greatest of the planets . frankly , in another situation jupiter would have been inclined to tell the annoying little fellow to get lost . but one of their number was in trouble , and jupiter knew they would need pluto s help if his plan was to work . newline newline mars thumped his fist down on the table . his red beard shook from side to side in anger . newline newline  i refuse to fight alongside this runt ,  he shouted .  always skulking around , trying to hang out with the big boys . but there s always been something off about him , something a little too eccentric . pah !  newline newline  strong words coming from a dying planet ,  sneered venus . mars leaned towards her over the empty chair between them with his hand raised , but thought better of it at the last moment . her skin boiled so hot that even jupiter did nt want to get too close . venus smirked , and popped a large bubble of her sulphuric acid flavoured gum in mars s face . newline newline  not dying ,  mars muttered to himself .  just getting a little long in the tooth . it s not easy for us smaller guys .  newline newline  then you should have more sympathy for me ,  pluto squealed . mercury nodded in solidarity . newline newline jupiter glanced at saturn , who just rolled his eyes . sometimes it felt like they were the only grown ups in the room . he sensed that the argument was about to start again , and decided the time had come to make a stand . newline newline he stood up to his full height , towering over the others . newline newline  enough ,  he growled , and they shrank back .  pluto will join us again on this one . he s proved his worth as a planet before , or have you forgotten ? and need i remind you that we re already one short ?  newline newline all eyes fell on the empty chair next to mars . a faded bronze nameplate read  gaia  . newline newline  sol army s already wage war for the destruction of one of our own . nourished by his rays , his minions wreak havoc on the surface of our sister , and slowly burrow into her skin . you have all heard her cries for help . how long , i ask you , until they spread through the solar system like a pestilence , destroying every planet in their path ?  newline newline there was no answer from the others . newline newline  mars ,  jupiter said ,  you will be next . think you can defend yourself from sol s hordes if they bridge the void between gaia and you ? i did nt think so . so accept pluto s help . we need him if my plan is to work .  newline newline there were nods of agreement from the other planets , and even mars inclined his proud head a fraction . inwardly , jupiter breathed a sigh of relief . newline newline  what s the plan ?  saturn asked . newline newline jupiter s eyes narrowed .  do you remember how we dealt with sol s last creations , some sixty thousand millennia ago ? we shall rain rock and fire down on gaia until we have eradicated sol s foul armies for good . newline newline  we shall strike with another meteorite .  newline newline   newline newline fellow minions of sol : if you liked this story , you can pass the time before the impending apocalypse reading more of my stories at rjdrallage my sister ?  i ask . newline  yeah .  said liza . she puts her cup on the table . newline  okay .  i say , my eyes narrowing as i stare at her face . i smile at her waiting for her to reciprocate but it does nt come . i start to really notice her . she does nt seem well . the bags under her eyes  the grease in her typically perfect blonde hair , indicating that she has nt showered despite it being 5 pm , and ... her eyes . they seem so  i do nt even know . old ? stressed . newline newline how can she be my sister ? then where s my  wait . i m making too much of this . i guess i just do nt understand what she means . newline newline  you are not my sister .  i say with a faint laugh .  are you okay ? did something happen today ? what do you mean by sister ?  newline newline the silence of the pause is interrupted by a long inhale through her nostrils .  look ,  she breathes . she tucks her thumbs into her fists and crosses her legs so she is mirroring mine . her emerald green eyes stares at me so intensely that i feel my heart sink . the blood in my body feels like it s trying to escape from stomach and pool in my extremities . the feeling intensifies until i only feel like a head , two arms , and two legs . those are the same eyes that told me my father had died three years ago  the same look that she always starts serious conversations with . i feel something on my cheek and wipe it away . i look at the residue on my fingers and i realize that i m crying . my body already understands what my mind has nt . newline newline  our , um , our mom died a long time ago , okay ?  liza focuses her eyes on my torso now . tears start to drop from her face onto her knees but she does nt bother to wipe anything away .  i m so sorr  i did nt know what to do .  liza s feet start audibly shaking as they tap on the floor .  i ... dad told me that i was going to be the mom now and you were just born and i did nt know what to do and i was only seventeen and  he was such a fucked up man , sarah . so fucked up . and um . and i was only seventeen , you know ?  newline newline she starts to sob . the sound of her calling my dad ... our father . newline newline she grabs her cup and tries to steady her hands to take a drink . she s drunk . i can see it now . i stare outside the window as liza continues . numbness starts to take over my sensations as i start back at her . newline newline  liza , can you start from the beginning ? if you find yourself on the boarder to south and north dakota , you should keep your eyes to yourself . you might see something that you wish you had nt , find yourself in a place you never thought existed , and hear things you ca nt forget . newline newline senators and presidential candidates skip this area because stuck in time that has long since past , signs above door ways with sayings no indians allowed  in the edges of the reservation . some elderly still retrieve their water in the uranium rivers , unknowingly seeing what is happening to their bodies is linked to its muddy waters . america s own third world country within its boarders . newline newline how do you buy up indian land ? ! well first you force out the indigenous people , the ranchers wanted a nice piece of land located near an uncontaminated well located fifteen miles in south dakota boarder . newline newline so , they burned down grandma s cornfield . we are her grandsons and worked the field the entire spring and summer and know the surrounding land . they made it look like a car had caught fire along the road towards kenel , south dakota . newline newline my cousin larry had seen the car in the junk yard in mclaughlin , south dakota , two weeks ago when he was looking for truck parts.we knew who started the fire , so later that evening , we met them at the bar . larry died in that fight , i held his head while he bled out though his neck from a broken whiskey bottle . newline newline the clincher was my cousin desiree , she was at a party in mobridge , south dakota . it was only a day since larry had died , and she was in the hospital beaten and raped . the breathing tube down her neck and bruises all around her head , you could barely see the tattoo she gotten a year before . she was so nervous to tell her dad when she came back from college this past summer to tell my uncle james , so she talked to me . newline newline my dad had taught me some old ways we used to torture men from our culture . so , when i found my old friend jacob from high school , my cousin iyo and i beat him until we could only hear him wheezing . we put him outside his cousin s house and when they , fred and ralph , came out to get him off the security light pole , we got them and took them out to a grove in little eagle , south dakota . we buried them up to their necks and cut their cheeks just so the blood would attract the ants , we told them we were nt ever coming back for them and it would be luck for them to escape . newline newline they told us the information we wanted , and we left them there for someone else to find . when i seen the paper five years later , there was an article on two bodies found in the groves of little eagle and ants had burrowed into the skeletons . jacob died on that light pole outside their family s house as well . the last one came from their uncle vaughn , we asked him why they burned down our crop , raped and beaten my cousin , and killed another . his answer : newline newline  your grandmother sits on about twenty five miles of land and farms only a fifth of that land . you indians , trying to preserve something that is already been lost . we should have wiped out your tribes and never given ...  he screamed . newline newline he never finished that sentence , we set the horses loose we tied him to and his limbs went in several different directions . newline newline i have nt been home in about ten years , but even if i did i do nt think people would trust me to be around anymore . my grandma still puts her corn fields up although , i get a few pounds mailed to me every year .https : cdn1.artstation.compassetsimagesimages001644333largegonzalobarbosagoodbyemyfriendfinal.jpg ? 1450053869 newline newline they say we re the same , just a clone from a lab . we have no family . we have no friends . we have only one purpose : obey . beyond that , we are nothing . newline newline what they mean is we re expendable , so when the pictures come of distant wars and our bodies are strewn like crumpled tissues through forests and deserts and corridors , it does not matter . just clones from a lab . newline newline but i am a clone from a lab . newline newline when i was a child , i thought all children were like me  i thought everyone trained with blasters and armor while they learned writing and mathematics . i thought everyone played games that taught them how to take orders , how to survive . mostly though , i thought everyone had faces , reflexes , intelligence , and loyalty that were the same as mine . newline newline because everyone did . newline newline we were the same . newline newline we were family . newline newline but i am a clone from a lab . newline newline i never had time for making friends . i never went to bars or parties . i was too busy learning about different terrain and how to fight in it . i was too busy running through foreign planets , covering my squad s back . i never made friendships because i was working to form something stronger . a unit . so that while there were many of us , we were one . the same . newline newline but i am a clone from a lab . newline newline they tell me i only have one purpose . they tell me to carry it out . newline newline now , in the forests , with blasters searing through the air , i fight with my unit . the trees are lit by the rays of death we shoot . each shot is practiced , each movement smooth . i know exactly how my brothers will react , and they know the same of me . we go beyond friends , we go beyond family . we are one . newline newline we are one when a blaster strikes home , when the armor cracks , when the pain smashes through the senses until there is nothing left . we are one when the soldier crumples to the ground , when the chest plate smokes , when the blood pours onto dust and rubble . we are one when one dies . newline newline i have died a thousand times . newline newline but it never matters . newline newline i am a clone from a lab .i wish i had more time . newline newline i wish i could have had dinner with you one more time . i wish we could have walked on the beach one more time , like we planned . newline newline no , i ll be honest  you never liked it , because you did nt like the way the sand got in your sandals , and worked its way under the mats in your car until the whole thing was gritty and smelled like seaweed . you did nt like the wind , or the sun , or the wet , you did nt like the way the sea chased and lapped at our heels as i ran , laughing , away from the waves , and you followed behind me . but you came anyway , because i asked you to . and to tell you the truth , i only went because i thought it was something couples should do , because i was new , and lonely , and i did nt know what would make you love me . newline newline i wish i could have held you one more time . i wish we could have watched movies , and ate popcorn off the couch because we spilled it , and stayed under the blankets until the sun rose . i wish we could have spent another weekend inside , and had pizza for two days in a row because neither of us wanted to leave , and answered the door halfnaked and embarassed . and when i told you , flushed and breathless , that i thought we were wasting time , i wish you could have kissed me one more time , i wish you could have stroked me and held me until nothing mattered anymore except us , alone and apart from the world . newline newline i wish we could have fought one more time . i wish you would have told your roommates you were gay . i wish you would have been brave enough , i wish that you would have believed me when i said it did nt matter what they thought , and that pain was nt the end of the world . i wish you would have gotten angry , one more time . i wish we would have fought about asking you to work , about my weight , about your hair , about my parents , about your friends , about my hobbies . newline newline i wish you would have left . newline newline in this frozen moment , i wish you were nt here . i wish you were nt beside me in the car . i wish you had nt listened when i said we should try it again . maybe i would have paid more attention to the road . newline newline maybe we would nt have driven , late , and the moon on the road would have shone on someone else s car . someone else s wheels would have slipped on the ice . someone else s hands would have locked on the wheel . someone else would have looked up , into the headlights . someone else would have heard the crunch of metal . someone else would have felt the glass inside their stomach . someone else would have seen the seat beside them collapsed and crushed , would have seen the trickle of blood running down the arm , would have smelled the bile and seen the chunks of flesh still raw and bleeding scattered across the car . newline newline you told me once , halfjokingly , that you could see us dying together , and my silence told you everything you needed to know . newline newline but i wish we had more time .the image made absolutely no sense to anyone who was viewing it . dr. ken gladstone thought it was a joke at first , but sure as the day was young , there it was . newline newline no one spoke for a while as image after image came through the computer . each one more impossible than the last . something had to be wrong here . a wrong calculation . a computer glitch . something ! newline newline it went against all logic . newline newline  are we just accepting this ?  dr. gladstone asked the team . newline newline  it  s pretty damn compelling to me.  dr. rodriguez said after taking a pull from her glass of bourbon . she was a couple of cups down , and she looked like she was feeling it hard .  i don  t think any tests exist to debunk this one.  newline newline  maybe it  s broken.  dr. jenkins said , sounding very sad .  you know ? we could try rebuilding the whole damned thing .  newline newline  you know as well as i do that won  t help.  dr. rodriguez spoke up harshly .  this is the reality , my friends.  she took a shot .  we are fucked.  newline newline dr. gladstone stared at the image again , and that nausea that hit him before came raging over him . this meant a lot to everyone , but the ramifications would make the observatory a microcosm of the reaction when these get out . newline newline the last image came in before someone , mercifully , shut off the computer . it was burned into dr. gladstone  s memory for a long time . newline newline in it , he saw himself , a perfect replica , doing exactly what he was doing . the problem was it was from a few million years before his family line even existed . the image , in reverse from later to earlier , showed a happier picture to him . newline newline it was a group of people , crippled by grief , desolation , and a lack of purpose who grew rapidly excited as they took apart a massive telescope . he understood their happiness all too well .at that time we did nt have a doomsday , fuck that it s a lunatic s dream . no , we could nt have called the general zod . why to double the problem right ? zatanna was too busy being a youtube celebrity and no the magic is not real  what real is her 34d boobies tho  . there was a mock cryptonite that the previous guy who was in charge used against superman . he is dead now . yeah turns out it s just a rock . newline newline what we used was a russian tool : tsar bomb . newline newline i had to make sure so i put 3 of them in one place at new york where we were going to declare to him personally that we gave up . newline newline was it worth it ? to change the usa s northeast geography permanently ? to drown millions of canadians and giving cancer to almost all of north america and western europe ? newline newline yes it was worth it . we did fuck him up at the end . newline newline    newline newline  the blog   http : whydontyousingfreebird.blogspot.com.tr201601exposuretorareatomizedcompoundhas.html  now hero you face your final destiny . i the dark lord of ... . holy hell man , what happened to you ! ?  newline newline newline  huh ? nothing . let  s do this.  newline newline newline  seriously you look terrible.  newline newline newline  tough enough for you ... ya ugly  newline newline newline  ugly ? me , kid , i  m a halfogre monstrosity in rusted spike armor and compared to you i am the pretty one in this fight .  newline newline newline  ...  newline newline newline  really , you look like you dived head first off a pine tree and hit every branch on the way down . face first . twice.  newline newline newline  ... i  ve had rough day.  newline newline newline  rough day ? no a salesman with rotten fruit has a rough day . a ball player with the yips has a rough day . you look like a herd of bisonbeasts mistook you for the ground.  newline newline newline  ... i may have hit some of the traps on the way in ...  newline newline newline  some of the traps ?  newline newline newline  ... most of the traps.  newline newline newline  ...  newline newline newline  ... okay , all of the traps.  newline newline newline  they were puzzles ! you solve them and they don  t drop giant spiky rocks on you !  newline newline newline  well sure , i know that now  newline newline newline  ...  newline newline newline  what ?  newline newline newline  you have issues kid . are you sure you are the hero destined to fight me ? i mean is he hiding back there somewhere ? i mean you don  t look like much of a hero.  newline newline newline  so ?  newline newline newline  so , you  re not even wearing armor come to think of it what are you wearing ? it looks like a sack.  newline newline newline  it  s cloth armor.  newline newline newline  it  s a sack.  newline newline newline  it  s tough.  newline newline newline  it  s a sack . you are wearing a torn up potato bag . the thing is an embarrassment and it looks as rough as a sand serpent in heat.  newline newline newline  it  s not that bad.  newline newline newline  you are supposed to be this world  s destined champion . don  t you have a shiny suit of armor ? i  m pretty sure you won one two dungeons ago.  newline newline newline  yeah i uh lost it.  newline newline newline  lost it ! ? how could you lose it ! ? it was forged from ancient dwarven silver ! it  s worth three and a half king  s ransoms !  newline newline newline  ... mumble ... bread ... mumble  newline newline newline  bread ! ? you sold the ancient plate of the underkings for bread.  newline newline newline  ... was hungry  newline newline newline  how could you possibly be so hungry that you  d sell an ancient magical relic for a sandwich ! ?  newline newline newline  ... didn  t have anything else  newline newline newline  hang on , you  ve been looting treasures and rewards from like seven dungeons now.  newline newline newline  lost it all.  newline newline newline  what about the ring of healing from the first dungeon ?  newline newline newline  gave it to a girl i met in the fourth dungeon.  newline newline newline  the bow of silver from the second dungeon ?  newline newline newline  broke in the third dungeon.  newline newline newline  ah , what about the chalice of gold from the third dungeon.  newline newline newline  hawked it for a downpayment on a coach and horses.  newline newline newline  what happened to that ?  newline newline newline  crashed . horses were injured . had to put  em down.  newline newline newline  what about the girl you rescued in the fourth dungeon ? weren  t you supposed to be married or something ?  newline newline newline  left me for a pirate.  newline newline newline  ouch.  newline newline newline  yeah.  newline newline newline  that  s rough man . okay you must have kept the boots from the fifth dungeon , it  s the only way you could have gotten across the burning floor in my antechamber nope , i see the bloody bandages on your feet . you have issues kid.  newline newline newline  meh.  newline newline newline  what about the castle they gave you for slaying the wyvern in the sixth dungeon.  newline newline newline  she got it in the divorce settlement.  newline newline newline  frik  n lawyers am i right ?  newline newline newline  yeah ...  newline newline newline  the magic cloak from the seventh dungeon ? newline newline newline  dog chewed it up.  newline newline newline  your faithful hound ?  newline newline newline  choked on the cloak.  newline newline newline  wow that is rough.  newline newline newline  yeah.  newline newline newline  at least you still have a family to go home to right ?  newline newline newline  nope , you burned down my village at the start of this quest.  newline newline newline  ... i walked into that one didn  t i ?  newline newline newline  a bit.  newline newline newline  touche . look you don  t seem like you  re all together how about this i  m just going call it for me . i am just going to step around you and go out and conquer the world m  kay ?  newline newline newline  i  m fine . let  s do this have at you.  newline newline newline  what the heck are you holding ?  newline newline newline  ... s  a knife.  newline newline newline  it  s a potato peeler.  newline newline newline  ... knife.  newline newline newline  it  s rusty.  newline newline newline  ... more dangerous that way . have at you.  newline newline newline sigh  i am not even going to ask what happened to the sword . this is just too depressing to think about.  newline newline newline  hiyaa !  newline newline newline  stop.  newline newline newline  ya !  newline newline newline  just stop . you  re embarrassing yourself.  newline newline newline  i  m gon na win ... you  re going down.  newline newline newline  look i  m an evil overlord . you  re a hero . this is supposed to be some epic battle some grand prophesied destiny to determine the fate of the world , but look at you . you  ve got nothing . no armor , no weapon , no friends , no love to fight for . you have nothing . you don  t stand a chance against me . i could literally kill you with one hand tied behind my back and at this point it wouldn  t even be hard . coming here was as idiotic as it was suicidal for you and you might as well just lie down and let me put you out of your misery.  newline newline newline  no.  newline newline newline  seriously i think i  ll just kill you and then  newline newline newline  no ! i may not be the hero anyone imagined . but i am , face to face with you , standing under the same stone ceiling breathing the same dank air . i may be a dead man walking but i  m going to take you down dark lord . i  m going to save the world ! because there is something inside me that won  t end when i do . something that will live on even if you kill me . and that  s why dark lord , i am going to defeat you . here in this little sanctum deep underground with its musty unfiltered air , with only the ragged breath in my body i  m going to beat you with the only thing i have left , one thing no one could take get out of me , no matter how hard they tried.  newline newline newline  your courage ?  newline newline newline  nope , smallpox.  cough newlineit was love at first sight , your two eyes stared into mine newline newline reflecting your face into eight newline newline but while i filled with love , i saw yours fill up with hate newline newline baby , wo nt you be my valentine ? newline newline i built you a web , but you tear it down instead newline newline never noticing the heart i wove in silk newline newline it is different , it s true , but so is my love for you newline newline baby wo nt you please be mine ? newline newline every time i got to hug you , you flee and call me names newline newline you say you want to burn me down in flames newline newline but baby it s true , my heart will only burn for you newline newline baby wo nt you please just be my valentine ? newline newline perhaps we are too different , newline newline perhaps i can see that now newline newline you finally got me , this is the end for me newline newline but baby i still love you , and my love is true newline newline i promise that i will forgive you for the shoe this is oddly familiar ...  remarked mexican president enrique pea nieto after obama suggested they settle it with a simple oneonone between each side s best fighter ... newline  i saw it in a movie once   replied obama  and guess what ? brad pitt is one of ours , somebody go get him !  newline newline  umm ... so , wait ...  pea nieto started , but was interrupted by the sight of a shirtless brad pitt holding a baby , looking utterly confused . newline newline  mr pitt ,  obama called out . newline perfect ... now let me make this clear , uh ... america and mexico will settle this dispute the old fashioned way ... you are going to fight to the death against mexico s greatest fighter . no sweat , right ? i saw that superman stab you put on that giant dude that time and then that other time when you beat the hulk and dragged him away in your chariot . newline  sir i do nt ... .  newline newline but his words were silenced by a cry every american man woman and child would learn to fear from that day forth . the mexican warrior was here ... newline newline newline nachooooooooo ! ! newline newline bloody hell james , what did you go replacing our pan for ? was our level 15 not good enough for you ?  newline newline  oi mate , the level 15 was always burnin me sausage  newline newline  james you bloody oaf , that s not the damn pans fault ! how d you ever get to level 20 anyways ? you ll burn down this house with your breakfast antic you will  newline newline  ah bugger off phil , the old pan is in the pantry . i m heading to work .  newline newline as james leaves , slamming the appartment behind him , phil walks over to the pantry muttering to himself ,  cheeky bastard takes one cooking class and suddenly he s the king of the fuckin castle ... ah ! !  newline newline phil exclaims , jumping back and shaking his hand vigorously . taking a step forward and cradling his arm he leans forward to read the bright yellow words on the door . newline newline  level 22 lockpicking required to open  newline newline phil examines the shiny new handle on the pantry door for a second , comprehension slowly spreading across his face .  james ! im going to kill you , you bloody bastard !  he screams to the empty appartment .initial report from the elected internal historian :  newline newline time designation 5.3.20569 newline the probe was discovered approximately thirteen light years outside of our solar system . a delegation was created to retrieve it . as a member of the lowest caste , i was chosen as the historian and therefore the individual to retrieve it , as i am expendable . newline newline time designation 5.3.20570 newline remote retrieval of the probe was successful . it is constructed of primitive metal alloys with no silicon pathways in which to proceed . we have tethered it to our transport and will prepare silicon submersion on satellite 1 for more intense scrutiny . newline newline time designation 5.3.2072 newline quarantine was prepared . myself and the probe were autopiloted to the submersion tank . with proper access to it , i attempted firs to communicate with the structure . it failed to respond to either electrical or frequency modulation . i was able to examine the external structure of the probe . it has no access streams . internal mechanisms are alloybased with silicone components . instrumentation appears to be very primitive with sensors that only detect the bare physical components of the universe . i discovered what appeared to be an interface , and upon entering , i was able to obtain a bare electrical response to my own modulations , but it was in no way intelligent . newline newline a perfectly elliptical disk plated in gold was recovered . grooves in a nonrandom pattern adorn one side . upon fully manipulating the disk , a second , shallower set of radial grooves cover the surface of the disc , and mimic primitive frequency modulation . translation matrices will be prepared . newline newline time designation 5.4.20571 newline final evaluations by the internal reception committee :  newline newline extrastellar probe is a primitive sensory vehicle created by a species that seems to not be siliconbased . no frequency or electrical modulation interfaces exist within the device . the shallow set of grooves on the disk discovered by the late historian  empire thank him for his sacrifice  translated to an unintelligent modulation with no discernable translations . newline newline the presence of densely packed mineral variations on the surfaces of the device denote that perhaps the originating species communicated through light detection and modulation , rather than the more advanced electrical and frequency modulation that our own species employs . absence of silicon pathways for transport denote the species were possibly static in nature and unmalleable . further study is required to ascertain how such a primitive and inflexible species would have been able to create an extrastellar conveyance . newline newline comments on the internal elected historian :  newline the historian expired within one stellar rotation of entering quarantine with the device . official reports state foreign debris contamination of his substructure and external membranes were the fatal factor . in acknowledgement of the historian  s role in retrieval and initial exam of the device , we thank his cycling tree by bestowing upon them a temporary rise in their caste status . newline newline newlinethe police where relentless . they had chased carla for miles and miles , through 7 states and 14 cities named springfield . but the road was coming to a dead end . as her stolen camero hurtled down the highway at 120 miles an hour , she was blissfully unaware of how close to the end of her rope she was . the police were closing in , helicopters circled overhead . the dead end was in sight , with nothing but cliffs beyond . newline newline and the camero went right through the railing like it was tissue paper , and careened off the edge . the helicopters lost sight of her , carla was presumed dead , her reign of terror finally ended . newline newline 6 years go by , the tragedy of carla was forgotten . but one day , the officer in charge of her case , now promoted to chief , recieves a package . naturally it was screened for explosiveschemical agents , and was found to be harmless . the chief opens up the package and finds a note . newline newline  catch me if you can  was all it said . it was signed carla . immediately memories of that fateful day come flooding back to the chief s mind . he remembers seeing that gorgeous camero and the equally gorgeous girl driving it , as it flew off the cliff and into legend . but death was not nearly enough to stop a criminal like carla , as he could now see . he put his officers to work , combing the area for any sign of her . newline newline 3 months pass , and they have found their best lead yet . not long after carla  died ,  a new woman showed up , and opened a little shop at a nearby beach . she matched carla s description , so they investigated the shop . the woman bolted , never seen again . the officers on the case now had to explain to the chief how they let the infamous carla escape . newline newline  we re sorry , sir , but we lost her .  newline  what was she doing  newline  she was hiding out , living under an assumed name . sally bustamante .  newline  how did she survive without any credentials to back up the name ?  newline  she started her own business . sally sold sea shells , by the sea shore , sir . ms. speckel had called on jimmy to answer this math question  24  1 , but he was in a state of panic . he knew deep down , by mathematical logic , that the answer was 15 , but logic was nt accepted in this society , not in this day and age . newline newline jimmy  umm  ed as he racked his brain . the last five answers that harvey , the supreme leader s son had given were 7 , 23 , potato , 4 , and 69 . he closed his eyes , hoping that he had remembered the most recent one correctly , and said  69 .  he felt the eyes of the entire class on him as ms. speckel checked her autoupdating answer key on her tablet , equipped with the latest technology to change answers to whatever the supreme leader said . newline newline  umm ,  said ms. speckel ,  that is not the correct answer . the answer is shallot .  newline newline damn harvey , thought jimmy . damn him and his daddy . newline newline  please report to reeducation room 75 and take your bag with you ,  she said .  you ve answered far too many questions wrong .  newline newline the entire class sat silently , staring at the eboard , purposely avoiding jimmy s gaze as he picked up his bag and slowly trudged out of the room . newline newline in the subbasement where the education rooms were , he found his room and entered it . he was used to this room by now , consistently getting things wrong , but only one or two answers previous , as opposed to getting the answer wrong with the right answer . if he had done that , he would be in real trouble . newline newline he sat in the chair , the lone piece of furniture in the room , and a hologram materialized in front of him . appearing as a man in his late twenties and a bit hipsterish , it was clear that it had nt been updated since the twenties .  welcome back , jimmy !  it exclaimed .  i hear you ve been having some trouble in math class today ! let s start things off by seeing where else you ve been having trouble with your schoolwork . can you tell me what the capital of france is ?  newline newline jimmy smiled . the official answer was  cheese eaters ,  the real answer was  paris ,  but instead of saying either one , jimmy said  turnip . beach . coffee .  newline newline instead of chastising jimmy , the hologram simply said ,  are you ready for your real education ?  newline newline jimmy smiled , relieved that today s passcode had worked . if it had nt , he would ve gotten another question as a diagnostic and would be forced to suffer through an  education .  he said  i m ready .  newline newline  pull out your slate ,  said the hipster .  we re going to start learning advanced computer science .  newline newline jimmy just smiled . all he had to do was bide his time , make sure he was always one or two steps behind harvey s answers , and one day he would be able to overthrow or escape the leadership cult that gripped his friends . he and the others smart enough to access the true learning .i never understood my mom whenever she took a chance to repeat it . i didn  t realize how much those words would affect me until i truly understood their meaning . newline newline when i was young , obviously happiness was being accepted by your peers , doing everything everyone else was doing . it got me into a ton of trouble because , as i figured out later , i hadn  t exactly fallen into the right crowd of people . a quiet , short , geeky kid like me only ended up shoving too far and with a snap temper , i was more often in trouble than not . it continued until partially into my first year of college : drinking , parties , and generally doing everything and anything i wanted . newline newline whenever i saw mom , she  d repeat that saying for me again until it sunk in for the second time . newline newline my second shot at the idea came with the realization that i was usually dead broke and having to rely on the kindness of others for things . or on the little bit of extra i got via grants and loans . money was obviously the way to get happiness . you wouldn  t have to worry or be concerned about where you lived or what you could or couldn  t buy , or if you could afford the newest gadgets and toys . newline newline so with a fervor my teachers loved , i completely fell into my studies . i pulled my decent gpa up with the force of a bomb blast , dumping the parties and drinking for classes and studying . on the way , i generally lost all the  friends  i had gained who went back to seeing me as a nerd and no fun . most of them flunked out by the end of the year , and if not then , by the third semester . a couple of lucky ones hung around to the end of the second year but the herd had been greatly thinned by that point . newline newline mom kept repeating that little saying for me whenever i  d show up , sleep deprived and worrying about my future . added on that wearing myself out so completely wasn  t helping matters . being the stubborn child i was , i kept surging ahead , finding a few little niches that i could relax into and a few odd acquaintances here and there . i think at the time , i was too worried about falling back into old habits to try and really press for forging a good friendship . newline newline i still made a few friends that forced their way into my life though . i was really thankful for that when i finally crashed and burned . mom wasn  t there to help either . in fact , that was part of the problem . when i came out of the stupor in the hospital , the room was empty save for the beeping of the heart monitor . when those few friends trailed in to see me , sickly and malnourished , one admonished me for not taking care of myself , another comforted me and a third wondered if my parents had been called . newline newline that  s kind of why i  m standing here , holding flowers with a few friends around me for comfort as i confront the sight of a grave i tried to keep away from . i miss her a lot , i guess that lead to me attempting to drown myself in my schoolwork and almost killing myself by doing so . i think she  d be happy with the friends i have and be proud that i finally understood what she meant . assassination ? what a loaded word to use .  newline newline  what else would sending your mooks after me be then ?  he folded his arms . newline newline the count stared at him , swirling a glass of red wine . a predatory smile bloomed on that pale , narrow face .  an aperitif ?  newline newline he gaped for only a brief moment . newline newline  haha ... ahahaha ... hahahaha !  newline newline the laugh bubbled out of him . he composed himself quickly .  you re a funny man .  newline newline the count shrugged elegantly .  i live to entertain . if i find a situation where i can have fun would nt i want to share it around ? and you , vigilante , have caught my attention with your exploits against my subordinates .  newline newline he cracked his neck where he stood . the bodyguards of the count shifted ever so slightly from the shadows of the study ,  so what is this visit supposed to be then ... a cease and desist ?  newline newline the count smiled ,  that would be boring though , would nt it ? i have an alternative suggestion if you would nt mind listening .  newline newline he tilted his head ,  i am listening . your mooks were ... a nice present .  newline newline  now we re at a bit of an impasse .  the count said ,  i wo nt stop my , ah , business interests , and you , of course have no intention to stop your vigilante activities .  newline newline  that s true .  he grinned ,  one of us will have to be crushed by the other .  newline newline  au contraire ,  the count grinned back ,  i ve heard that you re on a mission to clear the world of villains . as one who is heavily involved in the darkness of the world , i can help you find targets much easier than you could youself .  newline newline he snorted ,  what will you do when you are my last target ?  newline newline it was the count s turn to laugh , a delicate , soft chuckle .  last ? vigilante , unlike you , i have no doubts that the world will never be free of villainy . if that day ever comes ... you re welcome to whatever s left of the world .  newline newline the vigilante stared at him . newline newline  believe what you want ... so long as you re fun to me .  the vigilante grinned .they say that what you think about in your last moment is the most important thing in your life . i hope that  s not true because as i lay here dying , my insides intermingled with the machinery that has kept me alive for weeks , i  m not thinking about my kids , my exwife , or my legacy but only about her . even though it was years and years ago , i can still conjure up a crystal clear image of her face but slowly it begins to slip away . her features began to dim and seem to melt into one senseless blob and then i blink and she  s no longer there . newline newline i blink again . newline newline my hospital bed is gone and i can only see blank whiteness stretching as far as i can see . i wondered if this was heaven , hell or something in between . then , emerging from the whiteness , i see a man walking towards me . he  s dressed in a crisp black suit with slicked back hair the way i used to wear it back in the day ... newline newline it takes a few minutes for the realization to sink in that i  m walking towards myself . whatever that means . it feels almost as if your mirror image was suddenly no longer bound by certain physical laws of his dimension but just started to get up and walk straight out of the mirror and towards you . newline newline i approach him warily and hear myself speak . newline newline  well , it doesn  t seem appropriate to ask who are you ?  so i  ll start with what are you ?   newline newline  i  m what would have happened if you stayed with her.  newline newline  andwhat is that supposed to be ?  newline newline  happy.  newline newline i actually wrote a lot more but decided just to post this intro just to gauge interest andor see if anyone cares andor so i do nt feel like a loser writing a huge post no one cares about :  newline newlinemy first wp so it probably wo nt be super high quality .  newline newline  have i ever told you how my old empire fell ?  i asked . newline newline  i do nt tink so grandpa . i have time for it though .  jack told me , with a brightened face . i did nt think as a 16yearold he would still enjoy my stories . newline newline  ok , it s rather funny actually ,  i began , i took a quick sip of my water .  it was about 50 years ago now . i was the leader of a grand coalition of all european countries , we were at war against the asian federation . i had millions of men at my command . this would be easy .  i would think to myself . oh boy , i was wrong .  newline newline  how wrong ?  jack asked . newline newline  hey , i m almost there . anyways , the asian federation had sent a million men to invade key locations of ours . i had written out an order to defend these locations , but at the time , i did nt know what commas were , so my orders were misunderstood ,  i just came to a quick realization , i may still have a copy of the original order .  one second jack , i have something to help me with this .  i got up and walked with my cane over to a drawer and pulled it open , i moved a few books and found the letter . still in good enough condition to read . newline newline  here it is , the order that led to my fall ,  i said aloud to jack walking back to my chair .  here , you can read it for yourself .  i handed it over to him , his face lit with excitement to read it . newline newline to the grand european coalition generals ,  newline newline follow these orders to the word . prepare against the asian invasion by putting all men on high alert and repel any attacks .  newline newline be on the highest alert and for all of you kill on sight .  newline newline  your men killed each other ?  he asked with a smirk . newline newline  yep , it was a bloodbath , i heard about it almost immediately after i sent it . started a civil war and everything i built fell on its face .  newline newline  that sucks grandpa , i m sure i wo nt make that mistake .  newline newline  let s ho wait , what ?  newline newline  nothing got ta go , gramps ,  he said , running out of the room .my alarm buzzed and i groaned . i knew exactly where the button was so i made an effort to slap the snooze and stretch my arm at the same time . i missed . the alarm clattered to the floor and switched to fm . now i had extremely loud spanish radio playing and i had to get up now instead of sleeping another ten minutes . i wiped drool from my mouth before slowly opening my eyes . newline newline you know that feeling when you accidentally poop yourself ? like when you wake up and there  s a giant floating head staring at you ? what ? you  ve never experienced that ? okay well that is what happened . newline newline the giant head sniffed the air ,  oh my god did you really just shit yourself ? ! ahaha !  newline newline so another question . do you know that feeling when the giant head that caused you to crap yourself makes you feel bad about it ? i  m going to assuming your answer was yes . newline newline i opened my mouth to let him know what was what ,  whaagghfuck.  newline newline if a head could double over in laughter , this thing was doing it . newline newline  oh man , this is great.  newline newline i sat up and shuffled to the bathroom , holding my backside . the head continued roaring in laughter at me . i cleaned up best that i could and wrapped a towel around me . the head was floating around looking at my t.v . and stuff . it shifted its focus back onto me . newline newline  i didn  t realize the human race was so inferior that they actually based their lives around technology ! i mean look at this thing . what are you suppose to do with this ? stare at it ?  he floated over to my alarm that was still going off .  and this thing is very loud and annoying.  lasers shot out of his eyes leaving a burnt charred spot on the ground . newline newline  look mister ... uhm ... head . i  m not sure what you are or what you  re doing here  newline newline  that is captain head to you . i am on an important mission to determine the human race  s progress and see if they are ready to join the galactic unity.  he drifted much closer to me than i wanted him to .  so far i am less than impressed.  newline newline okay . i had an alien in my room and the fate of humanity rested on my shoulders . mother always told me i would screw up big one day . captain head lifted my phone up with kinesis and began to thumb through it ... without thumbs . newline newline  this is an interesting device though . apps huh ? reddit , grindr.. oh now this is an impressive app . facebook ! that sounds right up my alley.  newline newline the giant head spent the next few hours laughing and posting on my facebook profile . newline newline  look , captain head . didn  t you have an important mission ?  newline newline  not now ! someone is wrong on the internet ! i must inform them of this !  newline newline i sighed . if he kept this up he would find the bad side of the internet soon . i just hope he didn  t find goatse or blue waffle or something . newline newline  what is a goatse ?  he asked suddenly before clicking a link . his face began to twist and he screamed in pain as he dissolved into a pile of ash . newline newline i looked down at his remains before saying a witty one liner ,  i guess you uhm didn  t get ahead in life.because you are dead.  i am brilliant . the problem though is i have now probably started a galactic war against a race of flying heads with laser beam eyes .thousands in the arena were silent as the two brothers faced each other . this was a battle years in the making . when it was announced that the queen of illa was pregnant with two boys , whispers of a nearly forgotten curse spread across the country . newline newline nearly three centuries ago the witch , magda had put a curse on the royal family . that the seventh queen of illa would begat two sons . one would lead the kingdom to riches and comfort . the other would lead them to ashes and ruins . newline newline the day jeriah and his brother mikael were born the king himself waited , dagger ready , to kill one of his own children if they showed signs of magda s influence . what the king did not expect , was identical twins . when neither child bore evil s mark the birth was celebrated . although a dark cloud still hung over the castle . still , only one could rule and it would be decided through battle . as it had always been . newline newline both boys grew into strong and kind men , skilled with the blade . always head and shoulders above any other citizen . by their maturity the twins had seized victory for the kingdom in dozens of battles . even knowing they would fight to the death on their 28th birthday never stopped the two from standing back to back and laying waste to their enemies . newline newline finally , the day had arrived . the arena was filled beyond capacity . standing on the hard packed earth jeriah and mikael circled each other . their eyes locked on one another over the extended lengths of their swords , waiting for any opening . newline newline each time they circled brought them closer and closer together . until with a practiced turn of his wrists mikael opened with a sideways slash towards jeriah s chest . their assembled countrymen jumped in surprise as the two swords clashed , most having barely seen the first blade move . newline newline with that first strike and parry the deadly dance began . mikael , always the most aggressive bared his teeth and brought his blade down in a crushing overhead blow . jeriah , always the planner , knew not to take it head on . instead choosing to deflect to the side and send a jab towards his brother s chest . mikael threw himself backwards but not fast enough . it was a shallow cut but first blood had been drawn . the twins had both agreed before the battle to forego armor . one good strike is all it would take . newline newline in the stands the crowd was silent . captivated by the duel taking place before them . the curse having been forgotten by most , except the queen . as her sons back pedaled and circled each other once more she watched the storm that had begun brewing in the sky and wondered . would this duel be the end of illa ? or maybe it was only the beginning . newline newline  newline newline good morning everyone ! hope this was nt terrible . really wanted to experiment with a fight scene . anyway , i m over at rlexwriteswords if you want to check out some more stuff . any feedback is appreciated . enjoy the day . tell me what to do .  the devil knelt at her feet . newline newline she turned away . tiny sparks of light dotted the palm of her hand , each one precious beyond measure .  there is nothing that can be done .  a painter , she realized , lingering on one of the sparks . and a banker , she thought of another . newline newline  do nt tell me that !  he protested , drawing only a fraction of her limitless attention away from the spheres of light . he bowed his head .  you can do anything . i know i was wrong , blinded by pride . whatever atonement is necessary ...  newline newline he was sincere . they both knew it . she reached out a hand in comfort , and once more replayed all the possible scenarios , infinite ways of reshaping the universe . none of them ended with the devil s return .  there are options i can not contemplate ,  she replied , turning the spheres once in hand .  as i can not perform an act of evil . if i could turn the universe to dust , i would ... for you . but i can not lose them .  she added , turning her palm again . the light glittered and sparkled , each one dazzlingly beautiful and yet , somehow , completely different from all the others . newline newline he did nt understand .  my return ... my forgiveness ... how could it threaten them ?  newline newline one spark caught both their attentions . tears came to her eyes as she regarded it . this one would be cruel , and cause great suffering . she knew . she could destroy it , and spare others pain . but right now , the spark was so beautiful , and so innocent .  those who turn from me ,  she said , addressing the devil ,  where would they go ? what would happen to them ? they would be miserable here , having chosen evil . i need you ... but i can not forgive you .  newline newline the devil stared at the spark , feeling at once the beauty and turmoil of its creation .  but ... that is the answer , is nt it ? if you did not need me , if there was no evil in the world , i could return ?  newline newline  i can not remove free will .  newline newline he rose , determination and purpose in the motion .  then i will see to it they choose good . it is fitting , is nt it ? if my actions brought evil into this world , then my atonement would be to remove it .  newline newline there was a light in the devil s eyes that she had nt seen in millennia hope . she knew he would not succeed , but she could not be cruel . leaning over , she kissed his forehead , saying ,  godspeed to you .  newline newline  too sappy ? the water closed in on me while my entire world was turned upside down . newline realization flared in my mind , as i realized the truth . all this time i thought i had been fearless . i was willing to face down beast and bastard alike , and all that time i thought i was going to win because i was unafraid to die . newline i thought i would fight with every fiber of my being , and push with all the strength of my will . all i needed was a blade in my hand , and no man would be able to stop me . newline what an utter fool i was . newline my head sinks below the waves , and my final breath passes my lips . newline i had been afraid all this time . terrified not of the end , but being alone when that end finally came . i was so intent on carving my name in stone that i never thought to consider the only place that a name really matter . it is in those we leave behind . newline no one is going to cry for me . they are not going to feel their chest tighten when they learn of my fate . newline the sea is my only companion at the end . she will be the last one to be kind to me . she will be the one to carry me away , and lay me down gently to rest . she will care for me . newlineanger and resentment flared up inside me once more as my attention was pulled away by the incessant droning of the elderly bird who was at the same needlessly small table as i . why she elected to prattle on here , and worse , why she chose me , i could not fathom , but this is my penance for letting my family talk me into these meaningless social events . of course , they had immediately run off to the bar after  settling in  at the table , leaving me paralyzed and at the mercy of this relentless chatterbox . heavens knows the only way my family could survive such an evening is by drowning away their sense of reasonthe entire lot of them are drunks . newline newline but for me , i could not afford such indulgences , as they undermine my aims . i redoubled my efforts at the task at hand , while simultaneously making the pleasantries one would expect out of a graceful socialite . sadly , these do not come as easy as they used to  the years have eroded my charm , my expressions appearing less genuine , prompting an interruption from my tormentor  s monologue to ask if i was following along ,  dear , are you with me ?  the break in her chanting broke my focus once again , as i needed to reassure her that i was hanging onto her every word . internally , i sighed at having to start from the beginning once more , and cursed under my breath . newline newline all around me people were buzzing and rushing about , oblivious to my struggle and torment . the room was alive with busybodies and selfproclaimed vips , none of whom understood the significance of the assault unfolding before them at my little table . undaunted though , i fastened my resolve a third time and no longer cared if i caused a scene . i was determined . i would succeed . straining with every ounce of strength i could muster , and feeling the muscles in my neck tense at the energy collected , my brow beading with sweat from the focus , i finally succeeded in my exhausting mission : i took my first step towards the restroom . the rest of the journey was trivial . newline newline you see , for people like me with advanced parkinson s , the start of every voluntary movement is a battle , one fought between a crumbling mind and limbs that feel more granitelike with each passing week . thankfully , today s skirmish was won . unfortunately , i still retain enough insight to know that i am on the losing side of this endless war . what are you looking at ?  i ask for what must be the 600th time . for the last few months my kid sister has been staring at the night sky with her hand up in the air like a complete fool .  come on in before one of the neighbors recognizes you .  she just stands there . idiot . as i m about to walk up and shake her shoulder , mom calls from the door ,  honey it s time to come in now .  newline newline  ok mom !  with that she skips off to the front door . great listen to the evil dictator over your brother . newline newline  honestly honey what are you looking at out there every night ?  newline newline  i think he s a star mom .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  i think he s lonely up there . i go outside and try to give him my hand , but he s so far away now . but he ca nt be that far away because i can still hear his voice . he s worried about me .  mom does nt know whether to look sad , angry , or afraid . newline newline  your brother s gone far away now honey . you ca nt reach him where he is now .  newline newline  i know . maybe when i grow up i can reach higher and let him know that he s not alone .  newline newline  yes honey . when you grow up you can see your brother again . we all will .  newline newline i remember it like waking up from a dream . that last night when she was bugging me about the dead presidents she learned about in class that day . we were in the tree and i told her something stupid about the dead people being stars . i fell out of the tree that night . i do nt remember what happened next . i just remember that every night since then my sister was with me . holding her hand up to the sky like a fool . and i ask her ,  what are you looking at ? being the last person on earth can be sort of ... unsettling at first . as i read in one of the psychology books in the library across the hall from the women clothes store :  humans are naturally sociable animals . extended periods with no communication to others whatsoever can even lead to brain damage , in extreme cases .  most days were filled with me messing about , doing all the things that were illegal or on my bucket list . that was only until i realized how lonely i was . newline newline that s when i settled in a shopping mall . the mannequins are a great source of fake human contact . it must ve been twenty days since i had started living in the deli on the first floor . at the moment , i had setup a community . they all had names , families , relationships and quirks . stacy loved to sunbathe under sun that peered through the glass roof around midday . henry just loved barbecues so much he lived in the hardware store , a mattress squished between a few grills  a manliness fortress as he calls it  silly old man . those two are just a sample of the fifty plus community i had installed around the mall . newline newline one day , i believed a little harder that i was going insane . just a little more than usual . i was walking down the power tools aisle in the hardware store . that sector was trevor s . as i passed the said  man  , i could swear i heard a faint complaint rise from his plastic mouth . newline newline  help me ...  newline newline naturally , i turned around quickly towards him , elegantly stretching my arms in a grotesque pose . newline newline  i beg your pardon , monsieur trevor  , i exclaimed , making an utter fool of myself to the absence of eyes watching me . newline newline obviously , he did nt reply . he was a mannequin . newline newline a few days later , i heard it again , from stacy this time . she laid in her pool chair under the glass , looking as fabulous as ever . i was leaning over the railing of the second floor , gazing at the mall , wondering what i could do with the new buzz saw i had acquired in monsieur trevor s aisle . it sounded more like a whisper at first . a barely audible exhalation struggling to overcome the ambient noise . i turned around towards her , only to find her looking at me .  now , i know a mannequin could nt have a mind of it s own , but this was certainly unsettling . i gazed around to the other residents of kickass town , making sure they had nt moved too . of course , none of them had . what a silly idea . newline newline i started seeing things . something like those empty plastic eyes following me . a strange gleam in them , a silent beg for something . i started to hear more whispers . newline newline whispers everywhere . help me , help me , help me , help me , help me , help me , help me , help me , help me . what do they want help with ? i m not even handy ! no , no , no , no , no . my mind is playing tricks on me . help me , help me , help me , help me , help me . what the fuck do they want ? ! newline newline i ran away . i blew up the gun store and left with a bag full of food . i could swear henry was standing next to the door when i left . i did nt move him . why was he there ? all i remember is ... newline newline  why did nt you help us ? i looked down at my wrist , barely even noticing the number written on it .  552039  this was my death day . just like everyone else , it s tattooed on my skin forever . this time i look at it though , a thought pops into my mind .  does your death day change ?  i mean , it seems to be locked in stone , but what if we attempt to die beforehand ? i brushed the thought away . i was just procrastinating . yet , it still nagged me ... the next day i was sitting on the bus , waiting to arrive at my work , when i remembered that thought . and i kept remembering as i got into the elevator . without thinking , i pressed the button to go to the highest floor .  time for some fun  but when i stepped out , fear clutched at my heart .  what if a death day does change ?  i thought to myself , panicking furiously .  no , ii ca nt do this .  i backed off and ran down to the elevator when suddenly i tripped . my body tumbled and tumbled , reaching the edge of the building and i was just about to fall off . i screamed loudly as i felt myself falling through the air , the wind rushing past my face .  well , i guess i did it anyway ,  i grinned to himself . but though my face was the epitome of confidence , i was terrified . i did nt know what was going to happen . i saw the ground and closed my eyes tightly , scared for what was going to happen . but i did nt feel an impact , i did nt feel anything . out of curiosity more than anything , i opened my eyes . i saw himself in a futuristic type area , pristine and welllit with almost blinding white lights . a girl , more beautiful than anyone i had ever seen , was seated on the chair opposite me .  you have broken the system .  she said , simply . and everything went black .it was 8:45am when the phone rang . even though it was my mobile , i automatically answered with my usual attheoffice call response . newline newline  human resources , how can i ...  newline newline the voice on the other end yelled ,  get out of the office now !  newline newline i sat there for a moment , unsure of what to say next . the voice continued .  get out now ! something bad is going to happen , and you ve got ...  a pause in the other end ,  ... 50 seconds to get out !  newline newline  ssir , you are nt making any ...  newline newline  i m you , ok ? you from one minute into the future . please do what i say , or we will die ! now run !  newline newline i was nt sure what to make of it , but for some reason i believed him . i stood up and ran for the lobby .  ok , now what ?  newline newline  15 seconds ... do nt use the elevator , take the stairs !  newline newline i was taken aback : my office was on the 90th floor !  why would i ...  newline newline  trust me , no time ! grab ahold of something and brace yourself now !  newline newline i quickly looked around and found a railing , grabbed it , and held on . a few people who were walking by looked at me strangely . newline newline suddenly , the building shook violently , and a deafening explosion rocked everything around me . i held on as i felt the air being sucked out of the building . newline newline everything seemed to slow down : smoke filled the air , papers were flying around everywhere , and i could hear screams in the distance . i remembered the call and looked down at my phone . it said call ended  . i quickly pulled up the list of recent calls , saw my own number , and hit the callback button . newline newline  human resources , how can i ...  newline newline  get out of the office now ! are you suffering from affluenza ? do you wish to live in a world where instant total gratification is at your finger tips ? do you own a gun or five ? if you answered yes to any of these questions you might be a good fit for murder boom boom land , where survival of the fittest is taken to a whole new level . newline in murder boom boom land you can be exactly who you want to be . do nt like your boss ? murder him with an ice pick ! do nt like taxes ? we do nt either and we will never ask you to pay them . are you the kind of person who always wanted to take pot shot with a fully automatic m16 at the post man ? what s that ? you do nt have a fully auto m16 ? well you do now ! in murder boom boom land there are no pesky firearm restrictions , there are no restrictions period ! newline so talk to a representative today and live to your full potential , do nt be a slave to the rat race , instead own your own slaves ! or be one . the choice is yours !do you know why  the count of monte cristo  is such a popular story to this day ? i  ll tell you why . it  s the ultimate fantasy . a man comes by an immense amount of treasure through no real merit of his own and then becomes richer than god . then using his new found riches , he goes on a revenge spree against all those who wronged him all the while overpaying for all the best things the world has to offer . newline newline newline what no one likes to talk about is that the book  s author , alexandre dumas , who at one point was one of the richest men in france , died penniless as he tried to live his life like his character , edmond dantes . newline newline newline the fact of the matter is that people are free to avoid reality , but no one can avoid the consequences of avoiding reality . newline newline newline and that is a lesson that al learned far too late . newline newline newline he wasn  t born in the streets . like everyone here , he once had parents . and a home . no , he wasn  t born to a king in a castle in some magical kingdom . his father was a traveling salesman and his mother was a seamstress . he wasn  t born rich , but he had a home . newline newline newline like so many other kids in the wold , al liked to imagine being rich . he spent many days and nights imagining the kind of house he would live in , the car he would drive , the parties that he would throw for his friends . he would love everyone and everyone would love him . newline newline newline but that was all that he did . he imagined being rich . but he never did anything to become rich . he never paid attention in school . in fact , he always thought that being in school was a waste of time . the kicker was that he wasn  t even brave enough to start his own lemonade stand for fear of losing money . newline newline newline  what if some thug comes by and asks me for protection money ?  newline newline newline  what if some of the girls see me and they laugh at me because they think i  m being foolish ?  newline newline newline  what if my idea doesn  t succeed ? i can  t bear failure.  newline newline newline with one excuse after another , his cowardice never let him do anything before he grew too skinny and bald after having partied with hard drugs and cheap booze a few too many times . his needles and bottles were his best friends . they let him live in the palaces in his mind . he avoided reality , but reality never avoided him . newline newline newline living on the streets was tough . but even years after living on the streets , he never forgot his dream about being the next donald trump . newline newline newline every day he bought himself a lottery ticket and he always bought the same numbers . he told everyone that he saw these numbers in a dream when he was a kid and that some voice told him that these numbers are very important . no one paid any attention to him . newline newline newline but everyone paid a lot of attention to him when those numbers led him to win four hundred million dollars ! newline newline newline suddenly , everyone loved al . he discovered that he had relatives that he had never heard of . friends who had turned their backs on him years ago came back with smiles on their faces and women had nothing but sweet little nothings to whisper into his ear . even charities came acallin  asking for donations for the poor . newline newline newline  you lived on the streets , too . so you must understand their plight !  came the letters and phone calls . newline newline newline  al , buddy , you look amazing ! how have you been ? i always knew you were going to make it , kiddo !  claimed his friends . newline newline newline  do you remember me , al ? oh , of course you don  t . you were just a boy when we last met . i  m your greataunt millie . my , how you  ve grown.  newline newline newline  i do love bald men . i think that is so sexy ,  moaned the women . newline newline newline al didn  t hold any grudges . and he was finally free of fear . no one was going to laugh at him . his dream wasn  t going to fail . no gang member was going to harass him now . he was on first name basis with the city  s mayor ! newline newline newline and he bought himself a car . a fleet of cars actually . and how beautiful they were . all polish and chrome . he had cars that would have made rockefeller blush . and his house ! not even orson welles could have imagined xanadu to look like al  s house . newline newline newline his ultimate prize , however , was his wife . she had curves in all the right places , and her smile could destroy empires . everyone knew that she married al for his money . there was no way in hell that a woman like her would ever even give a man like al a second look if he weren  t as rich as he had become . i suspect that al knew that much , too . but i don  t think he cared all that much . newline newline newline all the while , though al grew richer , he himself never changed . newline newline newline  why should i invest my money ? that  s what i have accountants for . let them do the thinking for me . i just want to party !  newline newline newline  i have four hundred million dollars ! i will never be poor again !  newline newline newline  if i let my friends keep partying , they will always love me.  newline newline newline  no girl will ever laugh at me now . look at my wife !  newline newline newline he was living his dream