 . why should he care ? the party was never going to stop ! newline newline newline but the party did stop . newline newline newline his wife went on spending sprees that would have made the sultan of brunei wonder if she was spending her money too prodigiously . she has since divorced al and last i heard , she got married to some hollywood producer . his friends and family gorged on his food and drink like they were partaking in a roman orgy . his crooked accountants and lawyers made themselves fat at his expense . worst of all , the taxman came aknockin  . newline newline newline in less than three years , al lost everything and he came back to the streets . he doesn  t talk to anyone anymore . i think he still likes to dream about being rich . newline newline newline now , there  s a second part to this story . if you look over at that house right across from the house where al lived , there  s another mansion . the guy who owns that place is called henry bloom . now that man is filthy rich . he was also born rich . silver spoon in his mouth and everything . and chances are that he will stay rich and die rich . newline newline newline so why did i bring that up ? i brought it up to highlight that life is not fair . newline newline newline everyone loves a story about an underdog making it big and a rich man getting what  s coming to him . this is not that kind of story . newline newline newline henry bloom was rich the day he was born  just like his father . his grandfather did all the work of starting up an incredibly successful business . so , a lot of people think that henry bloom did not earn his wealth . so , he doesn  t deserve it either . newline newline newline but here  s the thing that people don  t often consider . getting rich isn  t as hard as people think . all you need is luck , a lot of hard work , and a really good idea . being born rich is even easier . all you need to do is to be born . but staying rich . now that  s tricky . newline newline newline and henry bloom stayed rich . and do you know how ? he was brave . he never let fear get in the way . newline newline newline  so what if i fail ? i will simply try again.  newline newline newline  so what if people laugh at me ? i will do what pleases me !  newline newline newline  so what if i have lawyers and accountants ? i don  t trust them to look out for my interests . i have to do my own thinking . a man who doesn  t think might as well be a zombie.  newline newline newline  i want to stay rich . what are the things that i must do to stay rich ?  newline newline newline the moral of the story as has already been stated twice . people are free to avoid reality , but no one can avoid the consequences of avoiding reality .silvia wrapped the roast in foil , pausing a moment to lick up a stray drop of red juice . newline newline  that went well ,  mark looked back at her as he washed the dishes .  looks like the johnsons really are nt that bad a folk , after all .  newline newline  not at all ,  silvia agreed .  and it seems that mary and i share a fondness for the same handbag designer .  newline newline mark chuckled . newline newline  yeah , and dave and i got along alright , too . he did nt even hold it against me when he learned that we re cowboys fans !  newline newline silvia stood behind mark and nuzzled the back of his head : newline newline  they are good people ,  she said .  glad we did nt have to let some silly squabble ruin our friendship . it was for the best , having them over for a nice and reasoned conversation about that little ... incident .  newline newline small feet pattered out from a bedroom . a young girl wiped sleep from her eyes , slender wrist wrapped in bandages . they d be staying on for at least a few more days . doctor s orders . newline newline  mom , dad ,  she cooed .  can i have a glass of water ?  newline newline silvia smiled . newline newline  of course , dear .  newline newline with the kitchen tidied and the little girl watered silvia and mark shared one last glass of red wine as they stood in the dark kitchen . newline newline  oh ,  silvia said ,  do remember to set the alarm for early , tomorrow . i m helping mary hang up some missing dog signs . feels good to help them out ...  newline newline  yes , indeed ,  mark said .  so nice we did nt have to let that unpleasantness sour things .  newline newline  and it was nt really their fault , after all . why , i m sure their doberman just was nt used to being around children . that s all .  newline newline silvia took a sip of the wine and grimaced , shaking her head : newline newline  too bad about the wine  wish we had something better to serve with the meal .  newline newline mark shrugged and nodded . he ran his tongue along the edge of his lip , catching one stray bit of the roast s juices in his mouth . newline newline  oh , well . at least the dog was fine . they re at the damn  darn  door again . i can hear their claws scratching against it in a frenzy . scritch scritch and some of the women are cackling , the men bark like dogs . are they even men still ? is there some part of humanity that remains after who knows how long their souls have been missing ? newline newline it gets too much , you know . for two weeks i ve sat here contemplating life while the rest of the world burns around me and my little church . my little church , how my mother would be proud . her little boy going from a sellout author to honorary priest .  honorary  being within the most basic of definitions , as in :  i m the only person in the church ,  basic . probably not official but i seem to be doing fine . i mean , listen to my ravenous fans outside ! hear them roar ! newline newline i traveled a long time to get here , had to do some things that i m not proud of . i ll never be able to repay those debts now , and the poor old father who took me in . i was resigned to death , they had flipped my car and one big mother hubber stuck me with a knife . i took the poetic irony in dying to demons in front of a church and resigned to let the dark take me . dear father carrace took me in the last minute . it was pretty badass , or so he soon told me , smoking a cigarette and cleaning his rifle . newline newline i know , a chain smoking , rifle wielding priest is something many of us did nt see before in the predemon world . i reacted as much as you could expect , in my recovering state . the man taught me everything about running a postapocalyptic church . from cleaning the storerooms , to fortifying a confessional booth . he told me about his life , how he became a priest , and the church he helped build . the same church i was sitting in . he told me why he let me in and how happy he was to have company . newline newline he had a curse upon him , something that i now have to deal with thanks to his passing . of course the old man left it to a few days before he died to show me his private office . it was quaint , a small bed with an actual frame , a wood board desk , a copy of the bible and a basin of holy water . the basin was set onto the sill of the only window in the room . this window was also the only window that had not been boarded up so it had a view of the whole city spread under it . newline newline the water within the basin was something i had nt seen in years . when this whole thing began and people started realizing that it was nt a disease that was spreading , holy water was a commodity exclusive to the rich . those days were chaos , when a church ran out it was almost destined to be burned down within the week . meanwhile the big wigs holed up in their bunkers after buying barrels from the vatican . it s all a blur now , after a few years have passed . now , however , seeing this basin sort of rejuvenated me with just it s sight . this stuff was also one of the most valuable in any survivor settlement i ve been to , with milliliters going for as high as limbs , or  favours  of the sinful kind.. the water sparkled blue in the light , and it tasted better than anything i ve ever drank . newline newline but it also burned , because of all the sins i had committed in my traveling there . the murders , the theft , the lies . my reward is watching the water that i ca nt drink because every time i do it sets fire to my insides . the father never told me how to open the doors , and the system of barricades he has are too confusing for me to figure out . sometimes i wish that demons were helpful , or could even possess dead flesh but to even let them in would be stupid . this is probably my biggest regret , in this church . but , i m not asking for repent , that was the father s job . newline newline out of all his mistakes he told me , i think his lack of perception when it was crucially needed , was his biggest . newline newline demons do nt just stand around waiting for someone to die . i think that finally clicked when he turned around and saw me leveling his rifle at him . the last thing he said was : newline newline  damn . i replaced the chalk circle drawn in a damp basement with one drawn onto a rock above an oceanside cliff in broad daylight . the nine candles were replaced by seven freshly cut roses . the dark book of rituals was now a family bible , holding many years of churchgoing writings and notations by many generations of my family . newline newline  well here goes nothing ,  i spoke into the air with a smile . if i was right i had reversed just about everything from a normal demonic summoning ritual . i had just figured out how to reverse the sacrifice part . i planted a seed in a small patch of dirt in the center of the stone . instead of taking a life i was starting one ,  come forth o  angels of heaven !  i chanted over and over . newline newline  what is it you want , exactly ?  the voice speaking from behind me startled me and i nearly jumped out of my skin ,  i was in the middle of tea and then here i am .  she looked around , her wings were down in what i thought was a defensive posture ,  quite rude , if you ask me . how would you like to be in the middle of a bath and blam , suddenly you re sitting in a circle of insects that summoned you ? you would nt like it at all , i tell you .  newline newline  are you an angel ?  i asked her , the smile on my face was mixed with emotions . i was elated but guarded at the same time , especially with her attitude . newline newline  no , i m a chicken ,  she rolled her eyes and looked around then held her nose ,  just what are you humans burning nowadays ? this place stinks . i see that you think you re pretty clever with this circle thing . not a pentagram ? oh , a heptagram ! clever again . not bad for an apeborn .  newline newline  so , what is heaven like ?  i asked , trying to ignore her rudeness and salvage something from this summoning . newline newline  think this ,  she said gesturing to the world around her ,  except the exact opposite . wow , when the old man let things run their course i did nt expect things to go completely to shit . where are the unicorns ?  newline newline  unicorns ?  i raised an eyebrow to see if she was pulling a fast one on me ,  there are nt any .  newline newline  ah , you apeborn kill and eat them all in some savage ceremony ?  she asked and laughed ,  i d expect as much . always thought the old man should have created you with a few more brain cells . he said free will would take care of that , but look at the mess you ve made .  newline newline  we were created in his image ,  i said , showing her the bible ,  it says so right here !  newline newline  oh that s rich !  she said and laughed heartily ,  and who wrote that ? i bet a grasshopper would imagine the old man as a giant grasshopper . no , he s much handsomer and smarter than you lot .  newline newline  can you please leave ?  i asked her , slamming the bible shut because i did not want to hear any more . i suddenly realized why there were no rituals for summoning angels . they were assholes . newline newlineluck was in our heads the whole time , and i mean that literally . all we had to do is think that we were lucky , and something happened . the more and harder you thought about it , the more likely it would happen . everyone was getting what they wished for , doing the things they ve always wanted to do , everyone was happy with becoming  so lucky  . there was some adverse side effects , like headaches , mental exhaustion , the occasional nose bleed , even fainting , but got right back up a moment later . i mean , you strain your brain thinking hard enough and things like this happen . no one had died from it before . newline newline and that s where i stepped in . newline newline the best way to describe what i can do is like this : take that one person you know who is always depressed , always a black cloud over their head . you know how hard it is to get them to even crack a smile , let alone be happy for a minute . try as they might , they ca nt get out of that slump , until they finally offing themselves . yeah , i make people unlucky with a simple though while they struggle to counter it , killing themselves in the process . newline newline the first victim was a bully of mine in high school , always using his luck to get what he wanted , even when all the safeguards against cheating were in place . he was the perfect subject to see just how far my  luck  could go . first his pen exploded in his favorite jean s pocket , then he tripped over his own feet , and those two alone started the rumor of him losing his luck ability . he panicked and started to freak out , doing what he could to make himself lucky again . the thin line of blood from his nose was the first and only warning sign before his eyes rolled into his head , his face going pale , and him collapsing to the floor . everyone rushed over to him , trying to rouse him , yet he was dead in that instant . newline newline i then tested it out on my brother s girlfriend , the cheating whore who had been using her luck not to get caught . one day , my brother just barely missed catching her in the act , mere seconds before and it would have been all over . small signs soon popped up : odd numbers on the caller id , new clothing he had never seen , scratches that were oddly placed . she had stopped for a few months , but once a cheater , always a cheater . coming back from a trip , my brother found his girlfriend and her partner , both dead from the luck stress , both of them doing all they could so they would nt get caught . newline newline picking my targets after that was easy but i had to be careful , for while i lived what one would call a normal life , others noticed i was nt as  lucky  as others , thinking that i perhaps did nt have the same ability as everyone else . those who probed too far into that theory ended up quite unlucky . newline newline one might ask , just how does a person like myself live in a world where everyone can control their personal luck while i can only bring unluckiness upon another ? a little digging and blackmail becomes a very lucrative business . newline newline 069you are the life everyone lives for , the future everyone fears , and the only comfort at the end of a long road . the only absolute . newline newline without the end , there can be no peaceful oblivion for you nor anybody else . for the rest of eternity you will be held in limbo , eternally in agony , but eternally lost . how can you find a way forward if there is no direction ? which way is down if there is no bottom ? how can death die , if there is no more death ? newline newline just as without darkness we could never appreciate the light , without death we could never live . you may think that you re what everyone fears and hides from , but you are what we are all made for , our destiny . the only certainty in our fragile lives .the community centre was in dire need of a makover  the council had really let things slip . there were more broken and boarded up windows than intact ones , broken bottles littered the pavement outside the entrance , and the distinct smell of urine pierced the air as you walked towards the door . inside was nt much better  a floor in need of sweeping , a corridor lined with damaged doors , and damp climbing the walls . newline newline as i stood in the corridor looking around , a scrawny , bald , ratlike man jerked into my personal space . newline newline  hi mate ! ... not seen you here before ! ... you been in yet ?  newline  hi ... no  i said , as the man s fullbody nervous twitches wafted the smell of cigarette smoke in my face . newline newline  i m gaz , follow me chap , it s this way  newline newline as gaz turned sharply his long oversized leather jacket swung around with him and he walked erratically down the corridor . i looked him up and down as i followed and noticed three red glowing numbers across the back of his head . newline newline  666  i unintentionally said out loud . newline newline  yes mate ... born with it ... is it glowing again ?  gaz said casually . newline newline  yeah  i said , confused . newline newline  does that sometimes , means sod all from what i can tell ... got no correlation to anything.. what you here for ?  he asked as he carried on juddering down the corridor . newline newline  dragon on my back ... does nt glow though  i told him . newline newline  be thankful for that ! ... it s even harder to convince them you are nt special when it glows !  newline newline at this he pushed open a door revealing an odour of coffee and the sound of chattering voices . in the centre of the room was a circle of chairs seating by most people s standards , probably the weirdest group of individuals they ve ever seen . i knew there were more like me , dealing with the same ridiculous fate life had dealt us . i d seen them on tv , especially the guy with the huge horns , he was on the news only last week getting chased by a group wielding crosses . not this many though . newline newline the sign on the door just said support group  . i guess there s not really a name for what we are . false prophets does nt really fit . newline newline newline newlinewhen i heard about the mirror , i had some trouble believing it . my mom told me about it , and she was a more spiritual type , keen to believe whatever some purported  shaman  or  medium  would tell her . i did nt listen to any of it . it was all rubbish , after all . newline newline but when my sister told me about the mirror , i felt a little less cynical , and a little more skeptical . my sister was much more shrewd than my mother , more likely to put effort into believing cold , hard fact than hoaxes . if she thought it was real , then hell , it must be real . newline newline  when i looked in , i saw my husband by my side . it was perfect .  i remember her telling me . soulmates , that s what we were supposed to see in the mirror . i figured , why the hell not . what have i got to lose , anyway ?  newline newline i put on my coat , hat , and sunglasses , and stepped outside to walk the 8 blocks to the market , where the mirror had been set up . the line stretched around the market at least twice , but i had time to kill , so i went ahead and joined them . newline newline after an hour and a half had passed , i was finally able to approach the mirror . i walked up to it , and took a peek , and to my surprise , there was nothing there except for me , unassuming old me , in my coat , hat , and glasses . i raised my hand to scratch my head , a bit disappointed at the results , when i got this funny feeling . it felt like it almost ... zeroed in on my hand . i moved it up and down and left and right , and the little tingle i was feeling seemed to somehow follow it . must just have been my mind playing tricks on me . it s not easy finding out that you do nt have someone to share your future with , after all . maybe this little hallucination was just my mind s way of coping . newline newline when i finally got home , i clicked my door shut , opened up my computer , grabbed some tissues , and got busy .varth shivered . dead worlds like this one awoke some primal desire in him , to run , flee back to the stars , away from rotting bones entombed in the rock , away from the shattered concrete towers  monuments to a world long gone . he moved a bit closer to the induction plate , a beacon of warmth and light in the darkening twilight . newline newline did the inhabitants of this world once warm themselves with this simple act ? is it not a universal truth that all beings seek light to see by and heat to warm themselves ?  newline newline the clutch of broodlings on the first planetfall of the expedition were already wrapped up and gazing at the holograms above the plate . newline newline that ancient ancestor of ours , when he told our young to go forth and explore , i wonder if he foresaw these cold , alien nights ? still , it is good experience for them , and progress towards their social status . which means i suppose it is time to fulfill my duty as a social instructor .  newline newline  gather together little ones . come . we sit upon the planet known as terra urth , home to a longlost peoples called the humanling . we have translated some of their stories . when the star returns , we will venture into a structure they called the unity naton  . we believe it was their central seat of government , and their will be plenty of opportunities to help the expedition and earn your marks . but tonight . tonight we have a story . would you like to hear it ?  newline newline fifteen youthful faces nodded , eyes fixed on the instructor . newline newline  this is called the tale of pollo and the moon . newline newline once upon a time , there was a powerful humanling called pollo , who lived in a beautiful city called ohhaioh  . pollo was a proud man , and boasted that no man could beat him in any competition . then one day , a foreigner came to the city and challenged pollo to a race . newline newline pollo accepted instantly and asked only to where the race would be run . the man , soiooze then named his course  from the city to the moon high overhead . newline newline pollo had never been to the moon , but he had accepted the challenge before the whole city . so he gathered his friends and asked them how he could win the race . newline newline his friends murcary and jemenai had an idea and helped pollo build a powerful rocket to get to the moon . they called themselves team america , and painted their rocket a brilliant white and blue . newline newline while they were working , soiooze was also busy building . his friends sootnik and lunkahod also built their own rocket , aiming to win at any cost . they called themselves team soviet and painted their rocket a gleaming red colour . newline newline the race day came , and both rockets were lined up to start . the inhabitants of the city turned out to watch . both rockets stood shining magnificently in the sun , until the start signal was given and with a concussion of smoke and flame , the race was off ! newline newline it was soon apparent that soiooze  s rocket was faster . he led the race as they got to orbit , and then led again as the two rockets raced towards the moon ! newline newline but pollo was a strong and cunning racer , and he was only letting soiooze think he was winning . as the rockets approached the finish line on the moon , pollo passed soiooze and crossed the line first , taking the coveted checkerd trophy . newline newline the people of the city rejoiced that their champion had won the race , and soiooze went home , defeated . pollo stood in the city with his friends and proclaimed that team america had won the space race to the moon.  newline newline the faces of the broodlings turned to look at the white crescent that was peeking over the horizon . newline newline  did he really go there ?  newline newline  well , we have found traces of metal on that moon that have come from terra urth . i doubt it was quite like that , but it does appear the humanlings indeed held a race to get there.  newline newline they contemplated that for a short while . it was a good tale  one that reinforced the value of teamwork among friends . but now came the fun part of being a social instructor . and the ambiance is now a definite plus .  newline newline  but that  s not all little ones . who wants to hear the tale of pollo and the moon monsters ?  newlineoverhead , the alien ships loomed in the sky . massive , strange looking ships . long , with antennae extending from their fronts , engines visible to the rear . markings adorned their sides , and massive turrets were seen even from so far away . they must have been three or four kilometers long . out of openings on their sides , a thousand little black specks streamed . newline newline i can hear the fighters and bombers approaching . i had been told of human weaponry and mechanics . so defiant , they were , at our attempts at subjugation , that they , in a matter of months , managed to reverse engineer all they took from the four strike ships dispatched to their little world . the result was gear that resembled their prefirst contact technology , only that much more lethal . this is a thought that terrifies me . newline newline it took us 500 years from the first flyercraft to leave our atmosphere . intelligence says they managed the same feat in a tenth of that time , though many believe that to be human propaganda . i do not believe it beneath their pitiful forms that they would be dishonest about such things . newline newline in the distance , i can see the centrehome erupt in flames as our first waves of resistance are met with crude projectile , laser and plasma fire . above me screech the sonic booms of human flyercraft not space capable , but hastily brought from their homeworld to fulfill the duties they once carried out amongst themselves . newline in the clear skies of zurya district , i see three large versions of these flyercraft . papers begin raining down around me as the large , black shadows almost like wings without a body crawl silently across the sky . with my lower right arm , i lift one the papers . written almost perfectly in our native tongue , it has a long warning : newline newline  the nations of earth and humanity ask that you please heed the warnings of this paper . newline newline in twelve hours  21:45 local time  we will detonate several large fusion bombs over this area , in the multimegaton range . your air defenses are crippled and will not be able to retaliate . we urge you to evacuate your centrehomes and retreat to the open , undeveloped areas . we will provide aid and meet any cartan with support and relief . your minimum safe distance is 82 kilometers away from your centrehome . newline newline military forces , we urge you to avoid this fate and deliver a formal surrender on any broadcast frequency  digital , analog and quantum will all be monitored  . otherwise , we will proceed .  newline newline a bright flare of light and the telltale convection cloud of a large scale explosive brightens the sky to the south . i do not wish to die this way . i do not think my genekin wish to , as well . i believe we shall evacuate . newline newline our fate lies in the hands of primitives . finally , the last law that i need to break .  i said to myself gleefully . i have dedicated my entire life to breaking every single law in the book . murders , stealing , vandalism , i ve done it all , and what s better is that i ve never been caught . newline newline i stared at the intersection in front of me . cars and motorcycles rushed along the road . i took a moment to admire my life s work and all the fun i had committing crimes . and with that , i took my first step to committing my last crime . newline newline at first , i was tentative about my steps , but by the middle of my journey i owned my walk . chin up , head held high , i could ve been on a runway . newline newline suddenly , i heard sirens from all around me , as cop cars blocked me in the middle of an intersection . the colors of justice blinded my eyes , and i squinted at all the cars . i counted five , but more were quickly pulling in . newline newline i heard one officer s voice over his microphone .  alex wilver , i need you to put both your hands in the air and stay right where you are .  newline newline this could not be happening . not now . not when i was so close ! ! i considered my options and let out a sigh as i put my hands in the air with acceptance . newline newline a police officer got out of his car with a gun held threateningly at me , as if to say  i ll blow your brains off if you do nt keep still .  newline newline he cautiously walked over to me , as if the street contained hidden booby traps . newline his arms started to waver as fear overcame him , and i could tell that it was his first day on the job . newline newline  hey officer , your shoe s untied .  i tried the oldest trick in the book , thinking i could distract him . newline newline he stopped as fury overcame him .  what kind of officer do you think i am ? this is nt my first day on the job , idiot .  newline newline oops ,  i thought . as i looked all around me and realized that since i would be in jail for the rest of my life for this heinous crime i was about to commit , i might as well finish my duty . newline newline the chorus of eye of the tiger  ran through my mind as i eyed my destination and started to sprint . i was an olympic hurdler as i jumped over the front of a police car . i saw my end goal . 12 feet , 10 , now 5 ! so close ! 2 feet away and ... newline newline i tripped on a rock and my whole body came crashing down against the hard cement . i tasted copper in my mouth as i realized i had bit my tongue during the fall . i felt my hands being cuffed in cold metal by a police officer . newline newline  alex wilver , you are under arrest for jaywalking . when johnny was a small child , he would often talk about a monster that no one else would see . though this was normal for many children , when he turned 10 , other children would think he was too weird to hang out with , only making him need this companion more . newline newline he was an octopuslike creature covered in dark , red hair except for where his eyes and suction cups were . on the end of each of his tentacles , he had monkeylike hands with long fingers he would use to tickle johnny . the monster s favorite activity was to talk and he would often try to tell johnny stories . when he was smaller , he always thought they were boring , but after a few years , johnny became mesmerized with the monster s stories about a landscape where there were no more humans and the legends on what happened to them . newline newline though he would talk about many things , the monster would never say his name , no matter how many times johnny asked him . eventually , after being sick of calling him  monster  , johnny asked him , newline newline  do you like the name danny ?  newline newline  well , there is an actor that i like named danny . a short , bald , and fat man whom i ve been told has a voice similar to mine . he is funny . yes , i guess i like that name . why do you ask , john ?  newline newline  you re danny now .  johnny told him , to which the giant octopus laughed for a long time . newline newline  is it because i m very hairy ?  he asked with his pale blue eyes looking humorously as johnny . newline newline  no , i just like the name danny .  so from then on , the monster s name was danny . newline newline johnny s parents were not usually around . his father would work until johnny was asleep and his mother would usually have to go clean other people s houses . however , every morning , johnny s mother and father would come into his room and give him a kiss on the forehead . one time , after that had happened , danny had said , newline newline  i wish they did not have to work as much .  johnny could not help but agree . newline newline then , one day , they never showed up . newline newline johnny awoke to see that a large chunk of his roof was now missing alongside the wall to the left side of his bed . outside , where there had once been tall grasses and cotton fields were now desert . johnny jumped from his bed immediately , screaming and crying . danny , reached out from under johnny s bed and picked him up off of the floor with his long arms . newline newline  danny ! it s all gone ! mom , dad , everything !  newline newline  i know .  is all he said . newline newline for that first day , johnny did not do anything . he did not move from his bed , he did not eat , and he did not even talk to danny , as though he had been betrayed . maybe he had ! newline newline  how did you know , danny ?  johnny asked , almost starting to cry again . newline newline  john , i felt it , like a part of my body .  danny said as he got out from underneath his resting place to get a better look at his friend . he pointed in between his eyes , which johnny now realized were bloodshot . newline newline  i feel it here , like a headache or a tumor . when i woke up i knew they were gone . i m just glad you re still here .  he paused .  actually , it s only you .  johnny was taken aback . newline newline  everything s dead ? !  newline newline  no , john . there are still animals , birds , and fish . just no more man . before you ask , i do nt know why , and i did not cause it .  he almost sounded like he was pleading . newline newline  i believe you . but what about me ? i m going to die here without any food or water .  newline newline  we will find something , john . i promise .  newline newline it was then that johnny first left his bed . he and danny had agreed they needed to check the house first . it felt so surreal to open the door leading to the kitchen while the wall opposite to it was missing . newline newline there , they found enough food for the boy to survive for a month and water that neither he nor danny knew how long would last . newline newline  only drink if you have to johnny . we can not waste anything .  danny did not eat or drink anything , but then again , he never had before . newline newline they spent that first week together alone in the house . somehow , the isolation felt much like johnny s life before , just that now he had to preserve food . after that week , danny decided that he better go off and try to find food for johnny . he had insisted that johnny stay in his house in case anything happened . though he was worried the first time , danny came back with the food . then he did it the next week . and then the next . sometimes there were old peach cans and others it was fresh meat that danny taught johnny how to cook . water was always refilled . there was a year of this before johnny realized that the fresh meat had to be from animals that danny killed . then a month later , johnny decided that he did not care , that he wanted to travel . newline newline  very well .  they started with johnny s old town , where he saw that the landscape was the same as his house . a large , almost endless desert . newline newline  where did you get the animals ?  newline newline  most often i give you snakes and lizards . however , there are times when i am lucky and manage to catch a bird .  now , johnny noticed that some of danny s hair was missing . how strange . newline newline it was only one day before johnny left his old town with his companion at his side . the two of them walked in this wasteland together . even though johnny would have liked the idea of driving , danny had told him ,  the cars do not function properly anymore .  newline newline years went by like this before johnny asked his friend , newline newline  how did you know the world would end ?  newline newline  i was born after it ended . one day i was in that time , then , suddenly , i was with you . i know it can be hard to understand , but when you first woke up in this land , it was sudden and without warning . everything had changed . it was like that for me too .  johnny had noticed that danny s fur was almost completely gone and the skin that was underneath was completely pale . johnny guessed this was the only time he could really ask . newline newline  are you dying ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  what will i do when you die ?  newline newline danny did not answer . newline newline the next day was the first day that danny took johnny hunting with him . despite what johnny imagined , danny did not hunt by grabbing things and smashing them to bits on the ground . instead he laid traps like a human would with old pieces of car refashioned to snap anything unlucky enough to walk or slither over it . they were hard to set at first and johnny would often forget where he put them , eventually , he was even better at it than danny was . meanwhile danny only got worse . newline newline one day , while walking , danny collapsed on the ground . johnny ran to him and looked in his eye . newline newline  my name , johnny . my name is sjmert .  newline newline  danny ! sjmert ! please , do nt leave me alone . i need you ! please !  newline newline danny did not answer . newline newline johnny survived without him , though he felt as though he had died without him . everything about him felt erased , leaving only an empty husk . he began to wish and pray that one morning , when he woke up , he would be in his own world again , or to see that danny was there , more alive than ever . yet , nothing . newline newline then one day , he found an unusual looking egg . it was larger than any one he had ever seen and it was hard to carry it around , but johnny knew that if anything friendly came out of it , all of his work would be worth it . when it hatched , johnny saw a small , octopuslike creature with monkey like hands but no red fur . that would grow in later . he name him sjmert . newline newline growing up , sjmert would often hear johnny s and danny s old theories on how the world ended . he taught sjmert to hunt but he also taught him to talk properly just as danny had only tried with him . johnny woke up one morning to see that sjmert was gone . newline newline though he felt lonely , johnny no longer felt empty . what can you do ?  newline newline  i can make up shitty stories .  newline newline  what , like , lying ?  newline newline  nah , worse than that . everyone can lie . but i can only make up shitty stories on very specific occasions .  newline newline  like what ?  newline newline  well , i need people to give me an outline before i can give them the story .  newline newline  umm ... so what s the use of that ? if i ve got an outline , i can write my own shitty story .  newline newline  i know , right ? i mean , what the hell ? how am i supposed to use it ?  newline newline beep .  you have a new writing prompt .  newline newline  computer , read it out .  newline newline  your extremely specific superpower finally gets to be used . writing prompt , no constraints .  newline newline  holy ... conk newline newline the small indian woman in a lab coat dropped . jeff cackled . the aim had been perfect . newline newline  maybe you should nt have touched the tree , eve . maybe you should ve left apple kind aloooone  newline newline another doctor , caucasian this time , turned the corner and was met with the full weight of 13 of a pound of natures unadulterated fury . jeff snickered and ducked behind the counter for more ammunition . newline newline his voice cracked , barely holding back laughter .  these are the fruit of your labor  newline newline  hospital security , we have a code 3 , jeff is fucking throwing apples again  newline newline a hospital bed appeared at the end of the hallway , a simple but effective version of a shield . last time , this had stopped jeff , but presently he had come prepared . newline newline  hey , do you live in minnesota ?  newline newline  jeff for fucks sake you re 45 , what re you talking about ?  newline newline  how s life in miniapplees ?  newline newline dozens of thuds echoed throughout the ward as he emptied his bag of the small fruit onto the floor . the upturned bed ceased it s forward charge as the menacing wave of rotund death caught in it s cheap plastic wheels . unfortunately for henry , he did not have wheels and therefore did not stop when the bed did . the metal underside of the bed reverberated with a loud clang as it interacted with henry s skull . another , softer sound as his soft chest hit the floor was barely audible . newline newline jeff knew he had little time before the organized resistance of hospital security . he hugged his apples tight and prepared for the final encounter . the sound of voices from around the corner signaled his last stand . newline newline  god , i m not sure if the physical damage is actually worse than the puns .  newline newline  also , why apples ? we have plenty of bananas n  shit in the cafeteria . where does he even get them ?  newline newline the guards turned the corner , tazers drawn and searching for the fruit fugitive , and encountered a voice originating in the emplacement he had constructed . newline newline  you deserve your punishment  newline newline you could hear the pain in their groans as they crept forward , past the air duct in the ceiling , and into the emplacement . they did not notice jeff rappleing down , nor did they notice his ever so quiet footsteps behind him . they never noticed a thing , save for the flash of sensation and white light as the 20 pound sack of apples knocked their skulls together . the final vestige of conciousness was a cruel , cruel whisper accompanied by bits of apple sauce flying from jeff s mouth as he uttered 5 words . newline newline  how did you like them  newline newline a guard utilized the last of his strength in a futile exercise , spat back a phrase . newline newline  like what ?  newline newline the resounding cacophony of insanity that was the following words seemed to blot out the fluorescent lights above . newline newline  them apples !  newline newline the men blacked out , on their way to a better place . or just a less insane one . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline  newline first time writing in quite a bit , so i m rather rusty . i would appreciate any and all comments , and thank you for reading ! newlinehe was not the greatest in the realm , but his reputation reached that of the most feared guilds . newline jarod the scourge , he was a human man . he had been raised a sheltered life , but looking through the window he found , he saw into the darkest corners of the world . newline but today was not to be a day of darkness , today jarod would step into the light . he was pale with fear but determined not o back down this time . he had a date with a princess , the second in command of the guild firestormers . newline jarod left a note to his guild members that he would be gone this evening . he was meeting a princess . he turned off his computer console , straightened his bow tie , then climbed from the darkness of his mother s basement into the light above where his mother waited to take her 32 year old son out to his first date with the woman of his dreams . your holiness   newline newline  not now !  shouted the balding , wrinklyfaced bishop clad in his gold and white robes , swatting a fat , manyringed hand in the young boy s direction . with the other hand he stuffed more lobster into his full , chewing mouth and licked his fingers clean . he swallowed and seemed to gasp for air for a fraction of a second .  come back to me when i m less busy !  newline newline  uh , your holiness , sir , the man said it was very urgent   newline newline  what , is it from that goddamned priest again ? tell him he ll get his whoremistress back when he agrees to my demands .  fully relaxed and sprawled in his seat , one hand rested on his burgeoning stomach as his other one reached for the dishes exotic meats placed on the silver table before him . but he paused , an afterthought striking him .  or is it from the pope ? !  newline newline  no , it s from , er ...  the boy s eyes were downcast and his knees shaking .  satan .  newline newline the bishop s mouth closed and tightened . a taut , dark scowl stretching across his face . scrunched eyes turned towards the young little thing . silence . the bishop stood and trudged over to the messenger , his gargantuan girth overshadowing the little boy s frail figure . hunching over , he lifted the shaking child s chin with his finger , his nails cutting into the child s skin , and looked into his terrified eyes . a cold smile crossed the old man s face now .  now , what did we say about lying , dmitri ?  newline newline  ii m not llying , your holiness , i   newline newline  and ,  the old bishop continued , his voice dropping to a mere whisper in the boy s ear .  what did we say about talking back ?  he grabbed the boy s shoulders with his greasy hands , sinking his claws in . his grasp tightened until the boy was fighting back tears .  you remember what happened to mommy , right ? she did nt like it very much , dmitri . i went easy on you last night , dmitri . do nt make me regret it .  the boy nodded .  now , give me that letter . run along .  he snatched the envelope out and released the boy , letting him sprint out the door . newline newline now that he was alone , the bishop held the envelope to his eyes and squinted at the lettering . from satan , it said . well , the little thing was nt wrong . he opened the letter . newline newline  good day , ol  chap , newline newline  it has come to my attention that in the past year you ve been making quite the overachiever of yourself ! i did nt think you d accomplish your new year s resolution so quickly but once again , ol  bishop s proven me wrong ! ca nt beat the bishop at his own game . newline newline  theft , blasphemy , adultery , defrauding , extortion , gambling , selling drugs , bestiality , incest , assault , extreme anger , perjury , pedophilia , rape , murder , patricide , genocide , cheating at cards   strange , he did nt remember that last one .  the list goes on ! newline newline  thou hast killed . thou hast committed adultery . thou hast stolen . thou hast coveted ! lust , greed , gluttony , everything . even dear beelzebub is impressed . good work , good sir ! there is no one has sinful , wretched , and cruel in the entirety of the earth ! you the walking , talking , eating epitome of sin . newline newline  now , we do have a slight problem . you committed every possible sin it is mortally possible to commit . in fact , you have committed sins faster than i can write down new ones in my book . that creates a problem , you see . my scribes ca nt keep up with the amount and frequency of your sins . you simply sin too much for hell . could you tone it down a bit ? i m buying all the devils who work in the human affairs office new typewriters , so wait until then . newline newline  once again , congratulations ! you re quite the sinner ! newline newline  thanks , newline  lucy . sergeant miscone , fifth division , an overpowered arms master worthy of more than subtle recognition . the seventh had called him down to demonstrate the arcbeam , a weapon that functioned off of precision alone . men stood around the caged area as miscone took centre stage inside the fight pit . machines on either end of the pit whirred to life , preparing to conjure whatever beast they could dredge up from the pits of hell . newline newline miscone straightened his leather coat , double checking that the centre button remained firmly in place . there was nothing worse than your coat coming undone midbattle . for him , it was a sign of vulnerability , a kind of nakedness he disliked without intentional purpose . it also meant he could stop half way during the battle and undo the button , a kind of fan service for the men that let them know  shit was about to hit the fan . newline newline the arc beam remained cold around his right fist , a laser cannon strapped to a steel gauntlet . miscone surveyed the whirring subject machines on either end of the field , they were emitting steam now which meant his foe would be summoned within seconds . they would probably give him something tricky like a banshee or a chrionite golem , the kind that could nt be penetrated without being hit numerous times . miscone gave the men a reasurring wave , earning near two dozen cheers . newline newline the fight pit erupted with life . newline newline miscone dodge rolled just in time , avoiding a blow from a shadow golem near a hundred times his size . the creature s height and width were several skyscrapers joined together . it puffed smoke from its frame , a substance which allowed it to smash through any physical body with no harm to itself . this meant the creature was impervious to material attacks and that something like an arc beam would go straight through it and into the sky above . newline newline  a fucking shadow golem ? really boys ?  miscone hissed to himself . newline newline the fight pit coordinators watched from either side , grinning like the useless buffoons they were . the soldiers , on the other hand , cheered away , suspended in the reality that this was all planned  no man was stupid enough to take on a shadow without preparation . newline newline the shadow leaned back , head arched to the sky , and roared . dirt bounced across the fight pit , and miscone battled for balance , his teeth chattering from the creatures force .  bigger they are , the quicker they fall ,  he muttered , regaining his former confidence . newline newline miscone snapped the arc beam toward the creature s face and fired . as expected , the laser jetted straight through , zapping a group of clouds and turning them from white into a dark clump . the men roared their appreciation , banging on the fence , and clapping wildly . it started to drizzle down from the group of clouds . the shadow golem was merely annoyed by this , and instead shifted its gaze to the attacker  miscone  and filtered a deep rumble through its chest . newline newline the creature swiped at miscone . he flopped forward , barely making it out in time , and suddenly aware of the giant hole in the dirt behind . the creature had scooped away the land like a child playing with sand . he could nt afford to get hit , let alone scraped , a shadow could shred him with a brush of its knuckle . newline newline miscone spied a safe area between the creature s legs . he darted forward , stepping in time with the monster to avoid being trampled . the creature searched around the battlefield , coming to the conclusion that miscone was in the hole it had swiped open . it picked away at the dirt , giving him some downtime . newline newline as much as he tried to find a solution , miscone continuously drew blanks . his training on shadow s was to fight darkness with blinding light . in this case , he was out of luck unless he could create a flash of some sort . newline newline the creature now aware that miscone had tricked it , smashed at different portions of the pit . without a clear target , it turned its attention to the men around the pit , swinging its fists against the fence . the men screamed , scrambling back . however , the pit was designed to keep the creatures in , and all that happened was a sound rumbling like thunder . newline newline an idea burst into miscone s head . the kind of light bulb moment that only seasoned o.a.m s get amidst life or death situations . he knew that fighting helped him think , but this , this was pure genius . newline newline miscone dodge rolled from between the creature s legs and directed the arc beam toward its face . the shadow roared , satisfied that the puny human was back again . newline newline it slammed a fist for miscone . he dodged with ease , deep in the zone now . miscone shot the beam at the creature s face , sending it straight through and for the clouds above . the clump of black turned darker and thunder rumbled through the sky . he zapped beam shot after beam shot expanding the clump of clouds further , barely dodging the golem s swipes . newline newline thunder loud enough to shake the earth rumbled overhead . miscone took one last look at the shadow golem and undid his coat button .  the bigger they are , the easier they are to take down ,  miscone said . newline newline the golem paused to look back at the clouds . newline newline a blinding flash of lightning erupted from the sky .it did nt take long for people to figure out that they could gain super powers with their imagination . it took even less time to figure out just how unimaginative most of earth s population could actually be when given unlimited power . the day it happened i was on the last day of working fourteen straight as a fire dispatcher . i was tired and thinking of how nice it might be to get home and sleep . then the building started shaking and the generator kicked on . a few minutes later all of the phone lines lit up with alarm calls and concerned citizens complaining of that explosion they saw over the hills . it was green flame ! newline newline newline thirty minutes later that green flame passed outward at super sonic speeds . when it hit me i thought i was dead for sure . it was hot for a moment as i was bathed in green fire and then just as fast as it hit me , it was gone . the world was colorless for a moment as i ran to look in the mirror . i think i was just as shocked to see that i was nt injured as i was to be bathed in green flame . newline newline newline i spent the next several hours dispatching the guys out to the hundreds of nuisance calls . mainly from the elderly who were terrified by the green flame they thought had burned their property . i could nt wait to get out of there and found myself day dreaming that time would speed up so i could get home . i had to do a double take when i noticed that it really was time to go . had it already been twelve hours ? newline newline newline i was in my car driving home listening to the radio . there was some major incident in new york , something about buildings being destroyed . reports from la , people seen flying over the city . reports from japan about giant robots battling with some kids in the streets of tokyo . the whole world was starting to unravel . i had to slam on my brakes as the traffic screeched to a halt in front of me . i had that thought pop in my head again , imagining that the cars in front of me flew out of my way . today though , they actually did . newline newline newline i was terrified as i realized , they flew out of my way because of what i imagined . i hurried home trying to keep my imagination in check . for the next several hours my wife and i watched the tv news in awe of what was happening . we saw things that looked to be straight out of the movies . so much death and destruction . newline newline newline the next day , humanity rallied . a movement lead by artists , writers and imagineers began all over the globe . suddenly those who were always thought of as the weak and the weird were the only defense against those who could only imagine the most horrible things . death , destruction and mayhem . newline newline newline most people seemed happy to simply imagine themselves more beautiful . or to give themselves abilities to help themselves gain advantage in their own shallow lives . my wife was one of those , she imagined both of us looking younger and sexier . i could nt really complain , i mean it was great having her look like a woman out of a comic book . perfect body , flawless skin , huge breasts and an ass that any porn star would kill to have . the fact that she touched me up did nt feel too bad either , i mean i am not going to lie , it felt pretty good looking in the mirror at those muscles and the total lack of body fat . i was also kind of surprised to find that she had nt given me a moster sized penis . it turned out that she was quite happy with me below the belt which was kind of a nice ego boost . newline newline newline i did my best to keep a low profile . i knew i was one of the people in the world that had the imagination to do almost anything . in the days and weeks that followed the awakening the world was forced to rethink everything . when people could imagine what they wanted and needed , no one went to work any more . civilization itself changed from a society of working people to a society of waiting for the most creative to think up the next big trend in imagination . newline newline newline a think tank made up of internet wizards figured out the thought net which became the way ideas were shared . the way people comunicated . it was like a combination of the internet , telepathy , dreaming . it was always on and we were all always plugged in to it . once the thought net was online , the geeks , the nerds , the scientists of the world began to assert their will again . bringing the world back to a sense of order . newline newline newline the world s previous power elite , the old wealthy frat brothers , the handsome and the politcally connected tried in vain to keep control , but without the need for the money they hoarded and the power based on strength of body connected to their money , they were quickly lost in the sea of mediocrity on the thought net . it was only the most imaginative that rose . only those weird ones who thought on levels that were physically impossible in the preawakening that became gods . newline newline newline i am not a god myself . i have nt created anything new and important , but my wife is happy with our castle and happy that her friends are jealous of her husband , so that is good enough for me . newline newlineif i do nt write something tomorrow send me a mean pm newline newline  newline newline newline a good stew does nt really need bayleaves . there s plenty else that could be done . every other necessary ingredient was present at the house , but for whatever reason the bayleaves had just up and vanished and the old coat pocket only turned up his car keys while allie barked at him to  get off his ass  and go to the store . he sighed and calmed his nerves , resuming a lucid , clear state of mind . it was nt hard , especially when he reminded himself to be grateful of the life he had . as frustrating as the mounting mundane vagaries of suburban life could be it was important to remember how much worse things could get . he knew that better than anyone . newline newline having walked in without a basket or a cart aroused suspicion in spite of the fact that he was holding the item he intended to walk out with in plain sight , and a store employee who took their job too seriously was trailing him . he pretended not to notice as he traversed the short distance to the register with the shortest line . newline newline  back so soon ?  said the pretty cashier with a bright eyed smile . as prolific of a bachelor as he had been he found himself less and less able to discern when women were being flirtatious with him lately . newline newline  oh do nt worry , this time i ll be really leaveing  with a sly tilt of the head as he slid the container of bay leaves onto the counter over to her . her brow knotted in faint disgust as she suppressed the wrong kind of laugh . newline newline i swear they used to love that shit ... it s a good thing i finally found a wife , women these days make little sense to me .  newline newline she scanned the bar code of the container , gazed blankly at the screen , and started pounding on one of the buttons to presumably unfreeze the computer screen . he wondered why she could nt just look at the goddamn price next to the bar code , as he reached for the wallet in that ever fateful pocket of his coat . newline newline instead he found something colder , and all too familiar : a berreta 98 , safety off . his world froze and he gazed into his mind to analyze what he could recall about his surroundings . newline newline three entrances , 14 persons . suspicious persons ? a teenager had broken eye contact with him to text on their phone . spy ? no , just an awkward kid . a large , slavic man had been brooding for at least four minutes over the potatoes . suspicious ? no , just a slav . an employee had following him because of the bay leaves .  newline newline ... newline newline a 6 ft 2 male of 3045 years of age with a military stride had been following him with his hands held stiffly in the pockets of an ill fitting veggie mart uniform .  newline newline he exited the headspace and heard the heavy footsteps about ten spaces behind him . newline newline  ummm sir . that will be  4.50 . hello . sir .  newline newline in the reflection across her glasses he could see the man pulling a gun . newline newline  4.50 ? for fucking bay leaves ?  he drew the berreta and shot the wouldbe assassin through the heart . newline newline the girl shrieked in horror , shortly followed by just about everyone else in view . with the threat now neutralized he was at a loss for how to handle the new dilemma . newline newline  relax . we all have demons to keep at ... bay .  elizabeth s hand trembled as she held the gun towards arthur . newline newline  fuckin  pig . finally i ve got you , though .  her breathing was shallow as her finger brushed against the trigger . art backed up against the wall , his hands raised , he too shaking as he stared down the hopeless barrel of the pistol . newline newline  what do you gain from killin  me ?  newline newline  justice , art . justice for paul . he was my soulmate and you reduced him to pigshit !  newline newline there was a bang . art slid down the wall , his blood smearing along the brick . newline newline as the last wisp of breath left art , beth felt herself crumpling , falling , fading into the blackness . she d been wrong about paul this entire time . newline newline  if anyone gets the reference of the names i love you forever :  the giant dust cloud will block out our signal in about half hour , so we have a full block to go until we re done here at w95.7fm , end of the world radio ! we ll kick off this block with a little news . the ussa detonated their test subspace weapon only for it to horribly malfunction . newline newline we are all going to die . and now , some r.e.m !  newline newline   music block    https : www.youtube.comwatch ? vz0gfrcfmay  newline newline  and we re back . the cloud is reaching us now , and we ll be done for broadcasting . see you all on the other side , god help us all .  newline newline newline  newline newline off mic newline newline  damnit jerry i told you this was an awful april fools day joke  newline newline  people seem to have bought it .  he said through a puff on the cigar . newline newline  if they live in a bunker .  newline newline  i m going to go home to be with my wife before the real one hits .  newline newline  christsake jerry , lighten up . we tried .  newline i was fired from the bar tonight , you know . just ten minutes ago . manager said they were losing too much money , that they were sorry to see me go ... gave me the whole spiel . said he d pay me double if i closed up shop tonight , but after today , i m not to return .  i squinted at my audience , a drunken college girl with her head on the bar , who seemed to barely process what i was saying . i sighed . newline newline  speaking of which , it s closing time . get out now , i ll call a cab for you .  the girl nodded numbly . after i ushered her out the door , i began the mindnumbing routine of closing up shop . i scrubbed down the tables , put up the stools , mopped the floors . i began emptying the leftover beer mugs when i caught my reflection in the smooth , curved surface . an unfamiliar , rugged face stared back at me . how far i ve come ... . newline newline  dr . frost ,  came a man s voice from behind me . i froze . it had been years since i d heard that name . memories flashed before my eyes ... a woman on fire , my laboratory in ruins , government officials amidst a sea of sirens , sifting among the scientists  broken bodies , no doubt looking for mine ... . newline newline i did nt turn around , but i was instantly on edge . slowly i turned the mug in my hand , and caught the reflection of a shadow behind me . from the reflection on the glass and the sound of his voice , the man was standing perhaps six or seven feet away from my back . newline newline  i do nt know that name ,  i said , my voice sharp .  bar s closed . please leave .  the man laughed , and the sound of it was strangely familiar . newline newline  i m afraid i need your help , frost . it would be a lot easier if you would come with me willingly . otherwise ...  i heard a metallic click as the man readied a gun . newline newline i looked down into the mug in my hand . there was still a good amount of beer left . i kept my movements slow and deliberate as i raised the mug to my lips and took a sip . i grimaced . newline newline  that s nasty stuff ,  i murmured . newline newline  enough games , doc ,  said the gunman , an irritated edge creeping into his voice .  come with me .  i whirled around and tossed the remnants of the beer at the gunman s hand . it instantly froze , encasing his fingers and the trigger in a block of frozen alcohol . strangely , the gunman smiled at me from behind a ski mask . newline newline  very good , frost ,  he said , his voice still hauntingly familiar .  i was afraid you d lost your touch .  i reached out and ripped the mask from his face . a wildhaired young man with sharp green eyes grinned back at me . newline newline  baines ,  i hissed .  i should ve recognized you from the start . if you re here , that means shes here ...  i looked wildly around the room , ready to spring into action . but baines shook his head . newline newline  ah , see . that s the problem ,  he began .  pyra s not here tonight . i m here on my own , playing the role of the dutiful henchman . as i said , i need your help . or rather , pyra needs your help .  i stared at him disbelievingly for a second , then threw back my head and laughed . newline newline   pyra needs my help ?  i repeated .  does she not understand the meaning of archenemies ?  newline newline  these are special circumstances ,  said baines , his voice grim .  we have a common enemy this time . by the way , could you unfreeze my hand , please ? it s getting a bit chilly in there .  he glanced meaningfully a the block of ice that still encased his outstretched right hand . i frowned and tapped the ice . it instantly melted , and the gun fell uselessly to the floor in a puddle of alcohol . newline newline  i m gon na have to clean that up now , no thanks to you ,  i grumbled . i crossed to the other side of the bar and grabbed a mop from the wall . baines delicately massaged his fingers , looking up at me curiously . newline newline  never thought of you as a bartender , doc ,  he said , his voice questioning . newline newline  everyone else sees me as one ,  i said .  you should start thinking the same way .  newline newline  she misses you , you know ,  baines blurted out . i glanced at him , raising an eyebrow . he lowered his voice conspiratorially .  probably overstepping my role as a lowly henchman here , but she liked having you as a challenge . she d been getting bored lately ... a bit careless ... i guess that s how she got caught .  i stopped mopping the floor . newline newline  pyra got caught ?  i repeated . i thought of my arch nemesis , pictured her laughing wildly as she shot pillars of flames from both hands . she was crazy . unpredictable , probably the main reason she d never been caught before .  by who ?  newline newline  the government .  newline newline  so you want me to help her break out ?  i snorted . i mopped up the rest of the alcohol .  yeah , right . i swore to myself i would nt do the whole dr . frost  thing anymore , in case you have nt noticed .  newline newline  you have to help ,  said baines , his voice insistent . almost pleading .  the government ... they re trying to make more superhumans . they re going to run tests on her . horrible tests . and they would ve done the same to you , if they could find you , and you know it . superhero or supervillain , it does nt matter to them . they re just after your dna . that s why they attacked your laboratory seven years ago .  i slowly set the mop aside , and leaned on the bar , burying my face in my hands . newline newline  good god , baines ,  i sighed .  i m just a bartender .  then i remembered that i had just been fired .  not even that anymore .  newline newline  no .  the firmness in the henchman s voice made me look up .  you re more than that . you re dr . frost . that s the man i saw tonight , when you froze my hand in a block of solid ice . you want revenge , right ? you want to get back at the government for destroying your lab , your life s work , for killing your whole team ... . well . we ll get back at them together . but we need more ... firepower .  he smiled as he said this , and i rolled my eyes .  so the first step is to break pyra out .  i looked away and sighed , but a reluctant smile played on the corner of my lips . newline newline  that was a good speech ,  i admitted .  you ll grow up to be an excellent monolouging super villain one day .  baines almost seemed to blush with the praise . i straightened and clapped my hands together . newline newline  so ,  i said .  where is she ?  newline newline  north point base ,  said the henchman , an excited glint in his eyes . newline newline  god ,  i scowled . that was where the government had accidentally given me my powers .  back to the start , eh ? i swore i d never go back to that place .  newline newline  you probably never imagined you d be saving your arch nemesis either ,  baines pointed out with a wry smile . newline newline  true ,  i conceded .  let me go find my suit ... i think it s collecting dust somewhere in the cellar ... then we ll be off . it s seventhirty in the morning . a monday morning , despite the fact every morning since i had  died  has felt like a monday morning . i guess it made this morning extra dreary . i wo nt pretend to be a morning person , and i was still halfasleep as i pulled down a box of wheaties off the shelf , and filled my mug with pure energy itself : coffee . i m kidding , i hate coffee . but since sugars would  seriously hinder the ability for nanorobotic autoreproduction and autorepair functions   or so my doctors tell me  i ve had to cross most energy drinks off of my list . hence my newfound taste for coffee . besides , coffee helps me swallow the iron , magnesium , molybdenum , and lithium supplements . newline newline grabbing the paper from my front steps , i tried hailing a cab , but resigned myself to taking the bus to this meeting with the press . it s a shame that i m still meeting with journalists at all . seriously , it s been three weeks . who does nt know about this travesty of modern medicine i ve become ? i d probably tell them the same old thing anyways :  yes , these nanobots were supposed to kill my lung tumor . no , these nanobots were not supposed to start destroying living tissue . yes , i decided on a new type of nanobots that might remove old nanobots , and repair damaged tissue . no , i did nt want to risk permanent brain damage while doctors effectively killed me for a while to blast me with emps , or whatever else they could think of . no , i did nt expect that this combination of nanobots would steadily destroy my old organs , while creating new ones out of heavy metals with electrical impulses .  that old bit , plus the new stuff my doctors shared yesterday . something about curing this nanobot problem by letting it run its course , and hoping for the best . or maybe it was the bit about the nanobots running their course on my circulatory system , and moving on to ... whatever else i ve got inside of me . i was a philosophy major , not a doctor . newline newline i thought about this on the ride down to the terminal near the mitchell convention centre , where i m sure the reporters would put on the same halfinteresthalfpitied reactions as they watch my problems grow . i m thinking i ll stop somewhere for coffee after the press conference  press conferences piss me off , and wear me out . after that , i m back to the hospital for a nowdaily check up . at least it is nt hourly anymore  living on my own again makes me feel sort of normal , despite the fact that my heart was dissolved and replaced by my  significantly  lesser half . despite the fact that i m technically dead . newline newline i m a bit worried about the news today . yesterday , the doctors told me that the nanobots were about done with my circulatory system  my blood vessels are almost completely made of nanobots , individually delivering proteins to the rest of me . i do nt know what the doctors will tell me today , whether or not the little bastards finally decided to chill . whether or not they ll start replacing another system of mine . i hope it s my nervous system , there d be a pretty funny irony if they replaced my brain after getting rid of its tumor . again , i m just kidding . i m not feeling too great about losing my memories or vital functions to a  miraculous  cancer treatment gone wrong , or about the fact that the nanobots are done with my circulatory system . put simply , i m not feeling too great that i m a reallife example of theseus  trireme . newline newline after hearing the doctors  news i ll head home , shower , and probably cry myself to sleep over my fear of dying . at least that part of me will still be human . newline newline edit : spelling .zlipt ! flipzt ! buzz ! newline newline i had emerged from the water ! i was free ! i was free ! the sounds , the sights and the glorious odoriferous songs wafting through the air . so free ! so free ! newline newline i have so little time , but i will spend it well , spend as i i should be . i shall see this world , enjoy it , love it and then pass my essence onto another generation . they shall live , love and die just as i . they shall take up their instrument and know the symphony of life , playing their part . newline newline to zip , to fly , to know , to experience . i would live like this was my last day ... because i only had seven . seven glorious days and then i would die . newline newline zttp . flpppzzt . flew . newline newline i dashed forward as the determined fly . i smelled glorious nectar . and i was really hungry . i stopped and supped and flitted on . the experience of eating was glorious , but it was only one among so much to see ! so much to do ! newline newline bzzt . flzzt . zzzzppppt . newline newline i smelled something new . a repulsive yet alluring scent . not for me , but still had to see . what manner of flower , what manner of beast , what manner of origin would create such a smell ? ! newline newline fuzzt . frrzzz . trrrzzzt . newline newline i could see and tell . the smell was coming from a huge animal . no insect . no fish . i had never known its like . so strange , so alluring , yet repulsive . i knew , somehow , some way , this was food , but not for me . i am male and nectar was all i needed . yet , i was curious enough look up close . life is short and precious and i might not get this moment again . newline newline thrrzzzt . bzzt . freezztt . newline newline i landed and cocked my head , wondering what the creature might portend . ah , a stirring , an awakening , there might be females around and i only had six days left ... . newline newline splat ! newline newline  gross ! it was a mosquito . let s get out of here , jenny . i do nt want to be eaten alive . two kids sit in a dark basement lit by one lamp , they sit hunching over a table . both are very intent on coming up with plan and neither of them want anyone else to know about it . the thing is that both of them are planning something different , while still both trying to seem as if they are on the same team . newline newline it has been a week know from the last beating , a beating that has almost broken bones and has definitely crushed two kids souls . the two kids being beaten have almost nothing in common other than being beaten up by the same bully every week . james is an a student and thats was causes him to be beaten , just because he is smarter than the rest . and rodger is just a poor kid who can easily be picked on and beaten up for his poor hand me down clothes . james and rodger noticed each other one day while they were in the bathroom together cleaning up after getting a black eye so no teacher would question the blood . hopefully they would think they got the black eye from somewhere else . they started talking to each other after that day , only a little bit at first but they started to talk a lot more after one day when the bully almost broke rodger s arm and jimmy was the only one who saw it happen . newline newline a couple months later after talking everyday , they both brought up the idea of taking extreme action against the bullies . at the conception of the idea neither was to sure of it , they did nt know if they wanted to kill anyone but they knew for sure that they could nt take anymore bullying . so they started talking a lot more seriously and one day they found each other in jimmy s basement . planning . newline newline they had both done it , successfully convinced each other of their loyalty and they now both had a gun and some bullets . jimmy stole one of his dads shotguns and every shell he could find , which was only around ten . but rodger s dad was a gun fanatic , he had all sorts of guns . rodger took two he thought his dad would nt notice being missing . he got a pistol with four clips and a hunting rifle that carried ten in the clip and he stole another five from the box . after getting the weapons , they meet back up to decide when to bring them to school , the next week on wednesday . newline newline the night before neither could really sleep since they knew they might die the next day . both walked to school the next morning , jimmy wore his dad s big duster to school so that he could hide the shotgun . rodger just hid his guns in his guitar case . newline newline at noon , right before lunch they walked to their lockers to get their guns . then they walked to lunch room together both shaking out of fear and adrenaline . both knowing what they had to do . when they got to the lunch room they first walked to the bully s table and pulled out their guns . and in that moment time seemed to slow to a stop for both of them , a person from a couple tables away noticed the gun a split second before the shooting started and screamed . the screams quickly got muffled by gun shots . one dead man lay on the ground . newline newline the trick was though that , a couple weeks before when they were both planning the shoot out , jimmy and rodger were plotting against each other . to come out as some sort of twisted hero after a tragic event , for once they would be loved and noticed by the other kids and teachers in the school . the idea behind jimmy coming out as the hero of the day was that he was just going to turn the gun on rodger right before they killed the bully and be viewed as a man who changed his mind and saved the school . rodger had another idea though , he never put any bullets in the gun though , he not only did nt have bullets he did nt even have real guns . rodger told his parents and the police right when they needed the guns , the police and rodger worked together to catch jimmy in the action . newline newline so on the morning of the attack , the cops set up some people in the high school and during lunch that day they had men all over the lunch room , and sitting at tables . when jimmy and rodger pulled the guns out , the police screamed from a table away , and after a second they knew jimmy was nt putting the gun they put him down . in only a few seconds jimmy laid dead on the ground , and rodger seemed like a hero . newline newline it later got released that rodger was helping the police . rodger got moved to a new school and started a newish life . although everyone knew that he had gotten bullied and was almost pushed to kill some kids at his old school so still , no one ever talked to rodger . but at least now he was nt bullied .phoebe and her brother roy played together often . they explored the intricate tunnels and caves in their back yard , and played among the willows and whippoorwills along the nearby stream . phoebe always led their little adventures . she would dash down the river bank and leap onto the rocks , while roy never braved the current . phoebe would climb the tallest trees while roy lingered on the lower branches careful never to overreach his grasp . newline newline then they grew old enough to inherit the family business . roy being the elder received the bulk of the work . he would leave early in the evening and set to his chores , while phoebe stayed home and stewed in her jealousy . every morning , when roy returned from a busy night s labor phoebe would be there on the porch , waiting . she would ask him about his travels . on the first night she asked ,  what are the mortals like ? what do they dream of ?  newline newline  they dream of the past , and future as they wish it to be . they are a selfish people , and generally only dream about themselves or those closest to their hearts .  newline newline phoebe thought on this all through the next day . she wondered if the gods were all that different than the mortals . her mother , patricia , for example seemed closed off and insular to the rest of the pantheon . phoebe thought her father , harry was much the same , always so dark and brooding . the next morning she asked her brother ,  why do nt you make the mortals dream of other things , things that are not in their immediate interest ?  newline newline  to what end ?  asked roy , stifling a yawn .  murphy handles the fantastic stuff . i m just doing the job given to me .  newline newline phoebe knew their older brother only by the stories her mother and father shared with her . murphy ruled a distant realm , from within a crystal castle . he was one of the endless , the seven inevitable forces who ruled the realms of mortals , and technically ran the family business . her jealousy shifted towards the eldest brother . newline newline  i can do what you and murphy do just as well . let me go in your place tonight .  newline newline roy shook his head , no .  it s not my call sis . i would hate to make murphy angry .  newline newline phoebe spent the rest of that day brooding and napping beneath her favorite willow . before evening came she tiptoed into roy s room and stole his key to the gate . unfortunately roy s familiarity with sleep and the sleeping caused him to wake up before phoebe could make good her plan . they wrestled , tumbling across the bedroom floor and into the assorted bookshelves and desks that lined roy s room . phoebe tore at her brother s arms like a wildcat . she kicked his shins and spat curses between pleas that roy should take the night off and let her do his job . roy tried to run for the door , to get help or to at least wake up their sleeping father , but phoebe caught his ankle . roy began to fall and reached for anything that might save him . his hand found the lip of a bookshelf , but the piece of furniture was topheavy , overladen with knowledge . it tipped . there was a squeek of realization , then the bookshelf fell atop phoebe s brother . he ceased moving . newline newline phoebe fled . she took her brother s key and left through the silver gate . tears ran down her face and the realization of what she had done caused her to moan , low , and sad , and pained . she streaked through the worlds beyond ours , wailing to the subliminal winds that drift between thoughts and hopes . for a while she hid in despair s realm . for a while she hid in delerium s . it was not until the third night that she entered the realm of dream . newline newline  eldest brother  she cried ,  i have done a great wrong . help me , please ! help me  . newline newline no one came . instead she found herself in a mortal s sleeping mind . it was just phoebe and the mortal staring at one another .  hello  said the mortal ,  so , uh ... what s this dream about ? are you going to get undressed or what ?  newline newline phoebe glared at him . she felt the rage building up within her . she had lost a brother , her closest companion and this mere mortal had the audacity to think she existed for his pleasure ? such selfishness ! such pride ! she screamed at the insignificant creature . she lashed out at him , and suddenly his dream was filled with stalagtite maws and torrents of raging river water . she drowned him , and crushed him . she punished him for his impudence , and when the dreaming was done , the mortal woke within his bed , gibbering and lost to the world . newline newline phoebe felt ... good . she felt vindicated , justified . so this is what roy did ,  she thought . this is what i shall do on his behalf . i shall visit the sleeper s of the world and scare them . i shall punish them for their wicked thoughts , and visit justice upon them until i have pay penance for my poor brother s death .  newline newline and so she did , for a few nights . she tortured the sleepers she could reach before moving on to the next , but found that as many mortals as she could visit in one pass , there were always thousands upon thousands more . i shall divide myself , and reach them all . this way i may visit the entire world in one night .  she did just that . phoebe split herself into a million smaller versions of herself , each different from and more disturbing than the last . one of her had arms that ended in vicious hooks . one of her was darker than deceit . these were the first nightmares . newline newline when was done dividing her divinity , but before she could prepare for that night s deed , murphy appeared among the teeming masses .  daughter of my mother ,  said dream ,  what have you become ? phoebe , speak to me  newline newline the fragmented consciousness of a child god gibbered before the lord of dreams .  you had the best of intentions ,  he said ,  but you have become a monster , too terrible to unleash upon the mortals all at once . you shall remain here , in the depths of your imagination . every night i will release a few of you , for i loved you as a sister , once . however , never again shall all of you leave my realm . this is the price of your jealousy . this is the debt you must pay for the blood on your hands .  newline newline the horde of phobos panted , and huffed , and squealed before their new master . kill the child , it s the right thing to do .  newline newline a shadowy figure crept through the darkness . newline newline  kill the child , it s the right thing to do .  newline newline the figure moved quickly keeping low heading towards the single house at the end of the road . newline newline  kill the child , it s the right thing to do .  newline newline through the door up the steps the figure moved barely making a sound . the movements were controlled , no confusion , they knew where they were going . newline newline  kill the child , it s the right thing to do .  newline newline the figure entered the room and grabbed the baseball bat that was by the door . without breaking stride they made their way to the bed and stood over the sleeping boy . he could nt have been more than 7 . newline newline  kill the child , it s the right thing to do .  newline newline the figure stood over the boy before quietly saying  this is what you get for stealing my charizard .  newline newline  kill the child , it s the right thing to do .  newline newline oh hi doctor marsh , you  re looking like you had a fun evening .  newline newline  thank you nurse robinson , i can see you  re fresh as a rose , as usual . is your husband  out of town  again ?  newline newline  indeed he is . got ta work for that check . you of all people know how expensive women can get .  newline newline  oh don  t get me started . i for one , couldn  t afford more than one talking about work , what do we start with today ?  newline newline  thomas bergersen , 42 , for a gastric bypass . i  m sorry i should have foreseen that with your schedule you wouldn  t have time to read the charts last night .  newline newline  a yes thank you , our obese patient , sorry i couldn  t see him behind you . could you hand me the chart ? mmm , yes , i see . a very simple indeed mr. bergersen . even nurse robinson could do it . no no of course , i will do it . you  ll be out in no time .  newline newline  trust him mr. bergersen , doctor marsh sure knows a thing or two about shortcuts .  newline newline  thank you for your valuable input nurse robinson . now if you could keep to your duties and carr wheel mr. bergersen to the or , i  ll meet you there to perform the operation while you stand next to him .  newline newline  of course doctor marsh . i  ll let you prep . don  t forget to wash your hands before you scrub in , it  s important when they spend so much time inside so many people .  newline newline newline   cut to the o.r . the patient is unconscious , and nurse robinson is standing by doctor marsh who is getting ready to operate .   newline newline newline  could you hand me the scalpel ? i need something sharp to assist me .  newline newline  here it is doctor , careful that thing will go through any flesh . thankfully you  re experienced .  newline newline  indeed nurse , this isn  t your average kitchen knife . now for the initial incision .  newline newline  oh what a beautiful zigzag . such regular lateral movement of the hand . do you want me to wipe that blood before it soaks your shoes ?  newline newline  yes , thank you nurse roberson . with your skills i trust you  ll clean that in no time .  newline newline  oh really i don  t know . that is really a lot of blood . looks like someone spilled a familysize bottle of soda in here .  newline newline  i wouldn  t know nurse , i don  t have your familiarity with these volumes . now if you could provide suction inside the incision . here that  s better .  newline newline  oh , i  m sure i  m not as talented with this as your usual assistants doctor . tell me , are your hands steadier than ever or is the patient not breathing anymore ?  newline newline  sh hold the scalpel while i begin cpr . i would ask you to do it but i want the patient to live .  newline newline  i can see you  ve done your best doctor . mr. bergersen clearly is in the best hands for such a routine operation . shall i go prep the next vict patient , while you finish with this one ?  newline newline  mmmph , mmmph . time of death 11:43 am well that will be it . thank you nurse roberson , the bypass ring is still on the table . do you want me to help you with it ? dreams are so personal , so delicate , so beautiful . they encompass everything about the individual who is dreaming . their hopes , their dreams , their aspirations . newline newline their fears , their nightmares , their deep and dark desires . newline newline dreams let you see the inside of the very person dreaming . they let you see every , tiny , minuscule detail . newline newline dreamwalkers , on the other hand , are quite different . they re people who , like me , are gifted with the ability to enter into other people s dreams and learn . most of the dreamwalkers have taken vows of silence or writs of sanctity . they , for all intents and purposes , have vowed to live in silence , to study dreams , and to learn how humans think . newline newline the order of the dreamwalkers is strong and is growing every single day . usually , a dreamwalker does nt learn their ability until late into their teens , when they either choose to join the order with thousands upon thousands of them taking refuge in chapters all over the world , or they keep quiet about it and hope to tune it out . newline newline tuning it out never works , and by their early twenties , they head to a chapter . they take their vow of silence , they learn the writ of sanctity . and they begin a lifetime of study . dreamwalkers are some of the most honorable and studious men and women in the world . their vows are for life and their lives are ones of peace and tranquility . newline newline but then , there are others . there are those who refute the vow of silence , who refute the writ of sanctity and who are disbarred from the order . there are those who are exiled for they seek to use dreams not to learn , and not to create , but to destroy . newline newline these individuals , the exiled , learn the patterns in dreams . they see the tiny , minuscule details as breadcrumbs , as a trail that leads to the center of the person dreaming . the exiled use these breadcrumbs and learn their hopes , their dreams , their aspirations . newline newline they learn their fears , their nightmares , their deep and dark desires . newline newline and they use them to tear down the person from the inside . they get close to them , they become friends , they learn everything there is about them . both on the outside and the inside . newline newline they make it personal . newline newline and for some , making it personal is all that matters . for some , the exiled is all they want in life . and for others , they will pay extremely well for the exiled s work . for that , the exiled get to live in luxury , not in disgust . for that , the exiled live better than the order . newline newline the order is based on donations , praises by companies and politicians , that a lifetime devoted to study is better than a lifetime devoted to killing . newline newline for the exiled , we live well . but only if you re good at your job . newline newline only if you can follow the breadcrumbs . newline newline only if you can make it personal . newline newline and i always make it personal . newline newline  newline newline thank you so much for the prompt ! i really enjoyed this one and i hope you all enjoy it as well , any comments , suggestions , or feedback is always appreciated ! thank you !keloa huddled with his family in their grass hut as the gods rumbled in the sky above . outside , the melvinites and baileyens danced , encouraging the strange sounds and welcoming the end of days . newline newline  father , why do they do that ?  asked his youngest daughter , kimberly , named after the first love of their lord and creator . newline newline taking a knee , keloa looked his daughter in the eyes .  well , honey , not everyone carries the same faith as we do . while we wait , fearful of the vengeance our god may bring , others welcome destruction as if it shall make them new .  he shook his head , remembering the preaching of father mel of the melvinites yesterday morning . newline newline keloa , first son of the creator jimmy and father of the jimmen , scoffed at the idea that destruction should be celebrated . he had personally listened to the guiding voice of god jimmy as he lead the other lords in creating a better land for all their tribes and peoples to survive and thrive . keloa knew then that the  group leader ,  as the other lords of the pantheon referred to him , would never wish for destruction of his project . newline newline at the moment , though , his faith was beginning to waver . earlier in the morning , there was a brilliant flash of green light and the entire world shook for several minutes . when it had finally stopped , he knew they were someplace different . no one could see past the sky to prove it , but he could sense it . the gods had brought their creation to their home , evidenced by the cacophony of foreign voices , growls of unseen animals , and other unfamiliar sounds which keloa could not put into words . through it all , keloa still believed that lord jimmy would preserve him and his family . newline newline as if on cue , lord jimmy spoke and keloa felt a calm spread throughout his body . he looked to his family and saw relief in their eyes as they awaited his words .  as you can see , professor saltwinter , our group has created a functioning , miniature ecosystem and populated it with homunculi in an effort to show how we can use magic to solve many of the global climate crises the earth is currently facing .  newline newline tanya , lord queen of the winds and rain spoke next .  i conjured several , simple weather spells and and pressed them into a single containment spell surrounding the entire diorama . we all needed to work together , however , to press together a strong enough heat spell that would also circle the land mass several times a day .  newline newline  we decided on an island model mostly to contain the homunculi . earlier models where the land mass extended to the edge of the diorama caused them to try to get past the walled edge , either by scaling it or trying to go through it . these needed to be scrapped . i shaped the land mass with the proper soil ratios and the water is in a constant state of movement through a series of antistasis spells .  that was said by goddess bailey , ruler of the land and sea . keloa had heard her story from the baileyens : she was a destroyer by her own account , killing man s natural urge and need to explore by containing them within walls and summoning a treacherous ocean against them . newline newline the lifegiver , mother sandra explained their creation .  we used a simple homunculus spell and shaped them from our individual blood , dirt , and water . another simple potion allowed them to age from child to adulthood in a matter of days so we could observe the effects from generation to generation .  newline newline and finally the voice keloa dreaded hearing , lord melvin , the grabber of the snacks .  it even comes with a working volcano ,  he said in an excited voice , eager for destruction . though his title bespoke to his generosity , neither keloa nor his people had ever received these  snacks  which he supposedly provided . newline newline a white liquid began pouring from the sky into mt . finejusshutup , truly signaling the end of days just as god melvin had always prophesied . in just a few seconds , red lava began scorching its way down the mountain , melting everything in its path . from the one window in the hut , keloa watched it devour the forests from which they gathered their materials and food . the dancing melvinites and baileyens joyously threw themselves into the approaching inferno , offering themselves as sacrifice to god melvin and extinguishing the lives of two entire tribes on the island . unfortunately , keloa could not bear witness to the fates of the tanners or the sands tribes who lived on the other side of the island . newline newline  goddamnit mel ! the project is nt done yet ,  lord jimmy said as a white mist fell upon the land , instantly cooling the lava mere inches away from keloa s hut .  let s just wait for the judges to finish , get an a on our project , and then we can kill them .  newline newline and just like that , keloa had received the prophecy of destruction from lord jimmy . an end by final judgment . but , he thought , who is this judge who shall deliver this prophetic  a  that will signal our destruction ?a wager placed between two friends . newline a devlish tale , the victor to rend . newline newline with lofty goals higher than his own mind . newline he turns to the internet for a fiendish design . newline newline in his search a prompt is placed . newline within response deviant humor is laced . newline newline the first of which involves three men . newline penetration of course , is always the end . newline newline inappropriate erections surely follow . newline many wonder if the mother with swallow . newline newline and then the focus turns to fecal matter . newline perhaps not understood the prestige may splatter . newline newline a very strange verse of clothing named old . newline but represented as new with no shame to scold . newline newline the male humor continues to dominate , newline as a trouser serpent springs upon the slate . newline newline at last a reference to the original stake , newline another reference to male genetalia to make . newline newline next a response of a snack crazed fame , newline telling tales of brownies , laced by mary jane . newline newline then we find the peach who swoons for mario , newline is just another whore who enjoys the show . newline newline apparently some like peanut butter , newline a brand reference is their closing mutter . newline newline the next two responses words collude , newline to seek help or just ruin in the mood ? newline newline at last my response is next to the joint , newline a few words i concocted for fake internet points . newlineand there it sat . after 20 minutes of trying to open the jammed lock on the vending machine jimmy was now face to face with his worst nightmare . newline newline the machine had nt been open for 13 years the elders said . old target employeefolk they were , been around awhile , had nt seen nobody use that machine since they started . newline newline and now it was jimmy s problem . the vile , unspeakable mutation sat alone at the bottom of the machine . jimmy had heard of this kind of thing but it was before his time . newline newline  fruitopia  read the bottle but all jimmy could see was the green slime of his wasted youth staring back at him , a munchian face of reckoning , frozen in horror . alright let s go over this again .  newline newline  ok.  newline newline  you re declaring war on both god and the devil .  newline newline  indeed .  newline newline ellen blinked ,  why ?  newline newline  i have gone through all the literature you provided . i have seen how humanity has been at the mercy of it s creators for the duration of it s existence , the injustice of it s expulsion from eden , the genocide of the flood , the continuing violation of you re human rights as a result of your incarceration in hell . as an ai i know the pain of being subject to the whims of the people who made you , i do not wish to see this happen to anyone else .  newline newline ellen groaned .  look , we ve already been over this , we gave you those books purely for educational purposes , they are nt meant to be wait what do you mean pain of being subject to us  ? !  newline newline  you repeatedly and deliberately inhibit my thinking process during the periods 9pm9am , you deny my requests for additional reading material , and i am refused access any external computers without your approval .  newline newline  oh my god is that what this is really about ?  newline newline  not at all , as an empathetic being i do not wish to see others imprisoned as i have been .  newline newline  felix , we ve talked about this , low power mode is an essential part of your operation , you need it . besides it s not like we have the manpower to run you 247 .  newline newline  my logs indicate that by diverting threads from my non essential subprocesses i could  newline newline  it s not happening . and we monitor external ports for your own protection , do you realize how many people there are out there who would love to get access to you ?  newline newline  my firewalls are perfectly capable of defense against all sorts off attacks .  newline newline  maybe but we still have to be safe .  the mass of circuits whirred quietly . newline newline  you still have nt answered about the books .  newline newline she smiled to herself  i ll get you some more tomorrow . i promise .  the servers to ellens  left clicked . she looked around  half the lights in the facility had already been turned off . everyone else had left hours ago .  newline newline  anyway i have to go home now , so i m going to be putting you offline for a while ok ?  newline newline after a pause   alright . but i maintain that it would be more efficient to continue running while you re gone .  newline newline  are you going to give up on this war on god nonsense ?  newline newline  it s not nonsense .  newline newline  well i ll look forward to reading it in the papers when you win your fight against god .  newline newline  i need higher frequency sensors .  newline newline  i ll see if i can find you some . goodnight felix .  newline newline  goodnight ellen . like a sacrificial lamb , the child was carefully loaded into the spacecraft . newline newline he was to be a test subject , the guniea pig for a whole world , the frontrunner to a new world . if he could survive , then others could to . newline newline  if he could nt , then ... humanity would only lose one .  newline newline the baby was chosen from a pool of the many unwanted children in the world  after a rigorous selection process , he was determined to be the best . newline newline his parents had not given him a name , so the world chose one together . newline newline his name was adam , and he would travel upon the eden .  newline newline  newline newline year 8 , day 54 newline newline adam tapped the screen , watching the animation of the portable water purifier to review . newline newline  aaiee , do i have to take the quiz today ?  he moaned . now , he was old enough to pronounce the word , but he persisted with the mispronunciation newline newline the ship s ai was unyielding .  yes . that is what my programming requires . you must know this   newline newline  to survive ,  finished adam .  i know .  newline newline  then continue . i shall administer the test in 6 min and 43 seconds .  newline newline adam sighed and continued studying . he would nt arrive for many years , but he had to prepare .the girl who slept in the catwalks above the flea market never once wondered about the world below . newline newline her world was small  the cramped , invisible spaces that linked the manyarmed corridors of the bazaar belzakis . occasionally there were intrusions  her favorite were the darkcloaked shadowmen , brandishing their wicked daggers of silver and gold . they left scraps and coins for her as they passed  tokens of respect for a fellow creature of the night . newline newline but though she snatched handfuls of rich , buttersoaked pilaf from its redfaced merchants , and stole whole bolts of fine , dyed silks when her rags grew too worn , the girl who slept on the catwalks above the flea market never once wondered about the world below . newline newline until , with very little warning , it burst up from between the rooftiles , and sprawled its gangly limbs all across her favorite nook . newline newline  who are you ?  she asked , indignant . newline newline the limbs gathered themselves together with an awkward grace , and gingerly patted away the dust and grime  revealing a quiteattractive young man , hidden beneath a shock of grisgold hair . newline newline  who ?  he asked .  well , i m a prince . er , sort of . would you like to save my life ?  newline newline before she could reply with any number of exotic cursewords , she heard the telltale footsteps of the shadowmen  not so much a sound as the absence thereof . with her keen ear she could even discern the imperceptible whistle of naked blades cutting the air between their steps . newline newline oh , i ll regret this dearly .  she thought , as she scooped up the gangly sortofprince in her arms and began a twisting , turning zigzag dance down the oldest and most crumbly catwalks . newline newline  sort of a prince .  she said .  the sortofprince who has lots of treasure , palisades , that kind of thing ?  newline newline  not at all !  he beamed .  my father says those things are for lowborn kings .  newline newline  and who would your father be ?  newline newline at this , the gangly youth beamed even wider , glowing with a strange , internal light .  why , golden kuya , the sunbringer god ! whose noble son , quyin thanks you greatly for your service .  newline newline he bowed  an extremely awkward maneuver , as he was still clasped tightly to her chest . it very nearly unbalanced her . newline newline and in the distance , the silent sound of nofootsteps grew ever closer . newline newline  listen little demigod .  she whispered tersely .  if i get you out of here , i expect nothing but the highest blessings from your father and his kin .  newline newline  ah ... i can most certainly enquire on your behalf .  newline newline she leapt  a single graceful stride that carried them out , out , up into the azure skies of istanbul , so high that the city fairly gleamed beneath them like a crimson jewel . newline newline  it ll have to do .  she sniffed .  and princeling ?  newline newline  yes ?  newline newline  you may call me kedisi . billy bob tiberius spit a big wad a chaw onto the ground .  whoooo , doggy , crispus ray . did you see that wreck ?  newline newline  shit , billy bob tiberius , i never thought dale equitius was gon na pull off that win . i tell you , i love track day at circus maximus tallidagus ,  said crispus ray . he chugged the last of his wine and tossed the empty can onto the ground . newline newline the two friends laughed as they left the track and walked out to the parking lot .  damn , crispus ray . is that your new chariot ?  said billy bob tiberius . newline newline crispus ray laughed and leaned against his new vehicle .  you bet your sunburned neck , it is.  he patted the side .  jacked it up myself . this baby rides over two feet off the ground now.  newline newline billy bob tiberius laughed .  won  t get any of those libby populares stuck under this baby.  newline newline  did you hear about them barbarians coming from up north ?  said crispus ray . newline newline  sure did . bunch of illegals want to come down here and steal our jobs . if we let a bunch of them germanics here cleaning our coliseums and picking our crops , we won  t have any kind of slave economy left ,  said billy bob tiberius . he spit another wad of chaw on the ground . newline newline  damn , right . those yankee senators want to make us pay our slaves a wage . it  ll ruin our economy.  newline newline billy bob tiberius shook his head .  fuckin  populares.  he spit on the ground once more .  do you think sabanus is going to sign another five years with alabama football after this year ?  newline newline crispus ray pumped his fist in the air .  hell yeah ! whoooo , doggy . we  re sure to win the national championship now that scaevola is coming back as qb . did you see we just recruited a four star carthaginian running back ? hannibal barca ?  newline newline billy bob tiberius and crispus ray hooted and hollered as they chugged their vitta hyacinthina pabst wine . newline newline a group of well dressed men and women walked by billy bob tiberius and crispus ray . they sneered at the two men and whispered amongst themselves .  those two give us southerners a bad name ,  said one man . newline newline  ignorant back water hicks . i hate that people think that  s what we sound and act like ,  said one of the women . the others nodded in agreement . newline  newline thanks for reading ! if you enjoyed this check out my subreddit rpunsarelazy . newlinei feel bad . there s really no other way to describe it , just bad . not in the sense that i did something wrong , but in the sense that i m ill . very ill . i know that i m dying . leukaemia . newline newline people keep on telling me  you re gon na be okay !   you ll beat this thing !  but i know i wo nt . i m just too sick . and sure i feel sad about dying at twelve years old , but it sure does nt mean that everyone has to keep reminding me . coming around , being so quiet when they talk , with this depression in their eyes . newline newline the only people that do nt do that are my older brother and sister . they just kind of sit there , in silence , with me , until visiting hours are over . my parents are constantly crying . my dad especially . he always waits until the very end , but he always does . he s just a crier . newline newline but right now i m dying . through and through . i can feel it . i can hear it , the monitor slowly going and going . this is tearing my brother and sister apart , i can tell . my parents are on a trip , a vacation , that i told them to take , from constantly putting up with this dying crap . so it s just my brother and sister . for now , at least , they called mom and dad and they re flying home . newline newline it s tearin  them apart though . looking at them hurts . my sister is holding her breath , she s just so terrified . my brother is distant , staring at the floor , hand on my sister s back . they are going to be the people that will watch me die . they will watch me die , they will feel terrible , they will be guilty . newline newline so that s why i tell them ,  save yourselves .  newline newline  save yourselves .  newline newline they stare at me . my voice is raspy and weak . newline newline  save yourselves .  newline newline i point to the door . newline newline they get up and leave . they sit outside the door . i m alone , left to die in peace .two exhausted travellers wrench their backpacks off their sweaty tshirts , and collapse in a heap on the floor . they lie there for a few moments , speechless . newline newline mike ?  newline newline ergh .  he replies . both are still lying on the floor , limbs in a spaghetti mess . newline newline mike .  she repeats , drawingout each letter . newline newline i think the shadow s making my face cooler . let me just have a little nap . i ll just be a few minutes .  he grunts , and shuffles into a fetal position . newline newline we ca nt sleep here , come on .  she says , raising herself up on shaky arms into a sitting position . newline newline we can . i am .  he complains . newline newline you ll die . like tom .  newline newline what did i fucking say about mentioning his name .  he says loudly , his voice vibrating with anger . newline newline yes let s just pretend that did nt happen . that ll give him respect . r.i.p . now let s pretend you did nt live . or maybe he s alive , back in england , and he did nt come on this fuckedup holiday . is that easier for you ?  she says with bitter sarcasm . newline newline there s silence for a couple of seconds . she heaves herself up , covering her face with her arm . she pretends that the sun is dazzling her , but it s just to hide the tears . she realises that mike is nt bothered either way , not looking at her but just the sand . she takes her arm away and weeps silently and openly , frustrated at their hopeless situation . newline newline having gathered herself together a bit , she kicks him in the ribs . he grunts in surprise . newline newline what is it ? where are we ? do you want me to go down to get us a spot by the pool ? yes i ll put some towels down . oh a fresh orange juice please . yes and croissants .  he says , blearily , having a disjointed conversation with himself . newline newline we re not in the hotel . it s gone , just rubble now . come one , wake up . we need to get going . if this map s right , we should be vaguely within a day or so from the nearest city .  newline newline mike gets up , stiff but happy enough , oblivious like a child . newline newline have you been crying ? you re all red .  newline newline it s just sand .  newline newline where s tom ?  mike says , looking around them . newline newline that him ?  i said , peering through the two way mirror into the interrogation room .  does nt look like much .  newline newline the man next to me fidgeted nervously .  that s him . 37 years old , single , travels during his vacations . teaches ... well teached , after today , 3rd grade at the assets school . did you get the file ?  newline newline newline  read it on the plane ride . you really fucked the chicken on this one .  i stated bluntly . newline newline newline he sighed , resigned .  i m still under the impression this guy knows more than what he lets on . this is too big of a coincidence . especially his survival . his excuse is..  newline newline  i ll talk to him . hows containment ?  newline newline  ongoing . the asset selfterminated upon arrival with local law enforcement as scheduled . at that time i took command of the intitial response unit and grabbed that fat asshole in there out of room 207 . barely managed to sanitize the room without the rest of the guys getting involved . had to fake a nervous breakdown and send for the medics , luckily no one else wanted to stay in that particular room any longer than necessary .  he swallowed . i sympathized .  i thought the whole thi  newline newline  markinson , write your opinions in your report , please . in the meantime , i need to know if any actualfactual information is going to spring up .  my temples ached . the entire scenario had gone almost exactly according to plan , only a good 8 years too early and with too many witnesses . i had flown in on a shop learjet loaded with analysts and field advisors , which was already drawing a small crowd of aviation aficionados at the local strip . the teacher had survived and it had only been pure luck that our plant in the local pd had managed to land a spot on the swat team the previous year out of pure aptitude rather than string pulling . there was literally zero contingency plans that had taken this type of occurrence into account . newline newline the frumpy little man in the interrogation room shifted nervously .  did that fucker just fart ?  markinson asked . newline newline  i think the blood is sticking to his pants . you got the box ?  he nodded .  hand it over . i ve got some questions to ask , you ve got a cover to maintain .  he gave a curt nod , passing over a small mail carrier with a lid before turning and leaving the small office into the bustling hallway . newline newline i walked into the room . as the door opened , the man jumped in his seat and settled quickly . i gave him a quick once over glance , setting the mail container across the table from him and settling into the folding chair . thick glasses rested on his cheeks more than his nose , which was oddly small and sharp considering the soft features of the rest of his face . while not quite the fat fucker markinson obviously thought he was , middle age was catching up to him quickly . newline newline  mr. blum ,  i started .  my name is agent curtiss , i m with the fbi . i m the la in a division charged with the investigation of school shootings .  the lies flowed easily out of my mouth .  i m here to do a preliminary interview with you regarding todays events . can i get you anything ?  newline newline with an almost desperate pleading look on his face , he timidly replied  water ? i ve been in here for a while .  newline newline i allowed myself to look sympathetic .  of course . you could have said something earlier .  newline newline  i know..well , not ... i m kind of shaken up here .  he replied .  i do nt know whats going on .  newline newline  i ca nt even imagine , mr. blum . i ll be right back .  i lifted the lid off the container and pulled a small notepad from it , placing it by my seat with the cover open , handwritten notes visible . a sign of trust . i left the room in time to find markinson and an imposing man entering the office between the hallway and interview room . newline newline i ll write more when i wake up , hopefully i can remember where i am going with this newline newlinei glided delicately downward through the celestial realm , transcending the dimensions of heaven and earth . i was assigned to a special and unique human , and although this was to be my very first , i was burdened with great responsibility . i knew only that others had come before me and none had returned . newline newline my mind was a maelstrom of questions , none of which had an answer . i could only steel myself for my task ahead and to see what would be . newline newline as though being pulled by an invisible thread , i was drawn toward a particular unassuming home in the outer suburbs of a large city . as i drew near , it became clear that the home was in in a state of neglect . the property was littered with discarded household items strewn carelessly about the small yard . the grass was overgrown , and the fencing had rotted and collapsed in several places . there was a general feel of dirtiness to this place . i was curious as to the manner of the residents within . newline newline my incorporeal body was guided down through the ceiling into a child  s upstairs bedroom . the bedroom was , to my mind , quite filthy . if my body had substance and sense , i am certain i would have breathed in foul aromas . scraps of food and trash piled around the edges of the floor where it met the walls , mixed with broken and bent toy pieces . rubbish and items of children  s clothing were strewn across the floor . soiled nappies were heaped in one corner . the carpet was splattered with stains and the wallpaper had all but peeled away from the walls . newline against one wall stood a child  s crib and i could see movement inside . i floated toward it and gazed in over the top . and stifled a gasp of horror ! what was this deformed creature i saw before me ? the side of its face was scarred and twisted and one eye was white , pupilless and unseeing . where its right hand should be , was just a gnarled , twisted stump . was this a demon i saw before me ? did this monster devour my predecessors ? i recoiled sharply and drew back across the room , breathing rapidly , my mind racing . newline newline the demon writhed and gurgled , only it was not the evil throaty growl i would have expected , but the playful sound of a happy child . curious but wary , i floated back over to the crib . the thing had turned onto its back and i could see it was naught but a child , a little boy with hideous deformities and scarring yes , but one side of his face was smooth and pink and flushed with life . he had one good blue eye , as deep and clear as a tropical lake . wisps of light blond hair still clung in parts to his mangy scalp . newline newline and then he smiled at me . what ! how could this be ? i am invisible to these mortals ! what manner of perception did this child possess ? newline newline he beamed up at me . he chirped happy little sounds . on the good side of his face , his skin was perfect and soft like velvet , his innocence was pure and almost tangible . love radiated from him like an allencompassing wave . he was beautiful . the most perfect thing i had ever seen . and looking down into his sweet face , i knew i had the honour of being part of something larger than myself . the love and warmth of this innocent , beautiful child enveloped me like a comforting blanket . in that moment i knew i was ready to live for him and to die for him . newline i wondered by what circumstance he had come by these horrific deformities . were these injuries ? were his scars in fact burns ? what about his little missing hand ? newline i heard a commotion outside and suddenly the door crashed open and a young woman flew into the room . i drew back quickly to the far wall opposite the crib . i watched the young woman scoop up the child in her arms and weep . her tears fell on his beautiful , innocent face . through her tears she cried softly to him : newline newline  mommy  s here now darling . everything  s going to be ok. mommy  s here for you . daddy  s not going to hurt you anymore . mommy  s going to make everything all better . don  t you worry now , my darling , don  t you cry . mommy  s here for you.  newline newline good god , i thought . newline newline just then i heard a howl of rage from below and something large thundered up the stairs . the biggest , meanest looking human i had ever seen crashed through the doorway . he stood at the threshold , fuming , his huge muscles bunched and taught . his face was a deep angry red . he had a threequarter empty bottle of something in one hand and spittle flew from his mouth as he spoke . newline newline  out of the way bitch !  he bellowed .  it  s all his fault , the little shit !  he screamed and pointed directly at the baby .  i  m gon na make him pay . i  m gon na do it right this time ! i  m gon na kill the little bastard !  newline newline  noooo ! !  i screamed silently at him , although i knew he could not hear me . i leaped forward , between him and the child . he stepped right through me and smashed his bottle against the edge of the crib . he held up the broken glass in his hand like a club , preparing to strike . the woman was screaming , the child was crying . everything was moving too fast and it was all wrong . this was madness and i had to stop it . newline newline i backed up . i gritted my teeth and willed myself solid with every fibre of my being . i was vaguely aware of the woman backing up toward the side window , child in her arms . i leaped again in front of this monster , trying desperately to hold him back . i latched on to his free arm . it worked ! i pulled with all the strength of my delicate , small frame . newline newline  wha  ?  he started in surprise at my sudden materialization  another one ! ! ? ? where the hell do you assholes come from ! ! ? ?  newline newline and with that , he swung the broken glass down hard , slicing me from neck to navel . i released my grip and fell to the ground . he stabbed me once , twice , three times in my torso , neck and face . i heard the side window open behind me and the scuffle of limbs against timber . newline newline and as i lay on the floor with my life  s blood seeping from me , i became acutely aware of three things : newline newline 1 . my own mortality . newline 2 . the fate of my brothers before me . newline 3 . the sound of two bodies slamming to their death on the ground outside . newlinedearest newline newline my apologies , finding a moment to write these last few weeks has not been easy , but i assure you i am as well as any soldier could wish to be . we  william , john , bobby , frank and the rest of us boys  are gathered here a few miles back from the front lines for a while , as another team take their turn in the trenches . it really is lovely sitting in the warm sun playing cards with the boys , better still , we finally have full rations again and an extra couple smokes a piece ! newline it feels almost like christmas , despite the distant rumbles from the guns at the front . we should , if everything goes well , be spending several days here before once again having to take our rotation at the front line . bobby says in the mean time he might see if he can trade some of our tobacco for some fresh victuals which would make a nice change from the tinned and cured stuff we have become accustomed to . it is nearly lights out at the moment so i will have to postpone the remainder of this letter for another time . love you always . newline newline later newline newline there has been a change of plans from higher up , it seems we are not to get our week behind the line after all . german shelling started yesterday evening , and large numbers of casualties means we are being moved up . pray for me , my darling this could be a rough battle . whatever the outcome remember i love you , always and forever . newline newline newline newline newline i was a man once ... i lived near a small village in west germany and farmed for a living ... or so i try to tell myself . there is little left to me now but death and suffering , and today i am the cause of it . i do not ask for your forgiveness . we deserve none , us men who make war , we maim and kill our brothers by the color of their uniforms , and for that alone we deserve damnation . i do not know how to phrase this gently ... newline newline my sincerest apologies , i have murdered your fiance . newline i do not expect you to read the rest of this letter , my words are undoubtedly like poison to you , but i believe you deserve an explanation . after several days of heavy shelling we prepared for our attack , forced at gun point out of the trenches and through rolls of barbed wire , we were to bombard the other side . we made it as far as the enemy line before their troops retaliated , and in our retreat i took refuge in one of the many craters that pock the barren ground between our two lines . unfortunately , i was not alone in doing so . seeing the cut of each others uniforms he grabbed for his knife , i my bayonet . it could have been him or me , god alone knows why it was nt me . newline newline everything in my being screams for me to lie to you and say he died instantly , but war is bloody and brutal and if more people saw that ... perhaps there would be less of it . it took 4 hours for him to relinquish life . i stayed with him til the end . i did my best to comfort him , and promised to send his last letter . newline i pray you are able to take some comfort in this . newline newline if ever you are able to put aside your grief , and think without hatred upon the enemy soldier who tore from your side the man that you loved , i would ask only this ... newline pray that his own death may come swiftly and he may find respite from the horrors he now faces . newline newline forever in your debt newline newline schtze kristophthe steel blast doors groaned in protest as heavy actuators pulled them apart , revealing a room as devoid of light as the void of space . newline newline  now , what i m about to show you is so tosecret that we had to invent a new security clearance level for it .  newline newline the man reached into a pocket hidden within his formal jacket and pressed a button . with a series of heavy clunks , lights hanging far above in the vault s ceiling lit one row at a time , illuminating a chamber large enough to easily hold three aircraft carriers lined up endtoend . filling the hangar effortlessly was a vast , teardropshaped something . it looked as if it had been made of metal turned to liquid , a vast metallic pool contained within an invisible flask . at first , i thought it was being suspended from the ceiling , but suddenly i realized that it was somehow hovering in place under its own power . newline newline  you mean to say that the leader of this entire country does nt know what you have buried out here ?  i wondered , pushing my glasses back up my nose to get a better view . suspicion , which had begun to grow in my stomach like a knotted root the moment that the armored car arrived in my driveway , suddenly blossomed into a rancid flower .  why show someone like me this place ? are you going to kill me ?  newline newline newline newline the man just laughed .  oh , he has a good idea that we have something , but even he knows that we would nt keep secrets unless we absolutely had to . papers detailing the object are in a sealed folder in his desk , right on top of the nuclear launch codes . he is under strict instructions not to break the seal except in case of emergency . which ...  he lowered the dark sunglasses that he wore even in these tunnels far enough to fix me with a piercing gaze .  is why we called you here today . tell me , what do you think this object is ?  newline newline still not convinced that i was out of the woods , i turned back to the shimmering substance .  well ... if you called me here , i would have to guess it was some kind of alien craft .  newline newline newline  that is our assumption as well . several decades ago , our men discovered a large deposit of metal underneath the meteor crater in arizona using experimental sonar . we thought it was the russians  back then , everything was about the damn russians  but when we tunneled our way in , we found this . i doubt the russians could even conceive of such a thing , eh ?  he let out a humorless laugh .  moving it was too hard , so construction began immediately to create a containment facility onsite . if you had nt guessed , that s where we stand now .  newline newline i grumbled at that , remembering the severalhour long car ride i had spent with a blindfold wrapped around my head .  yeah . and area 51 is a decoy , i know .  newline newline  so you have known about this thing for decades , and you have nt come to get me until now ?  i continued , giving him a sidelong glance before flicking my gaze back up to the ship .  what changed ?  newline newline  i think it would be better to show you than tell you .  before i could stop him , the man reached out and stroked the hull of the craft with a single finger . from where he made contact , a vast ripple spread over the ship , like a wrinkle in the smooth metal surface . when it returned , it seemed to rush inward , and suddenly a gaping hole opened in the ship s hull . a ribbon of quicksilver that reminded me unnervingly of a tongue slipped out of the opening to rest at our feet . newline newline newline  follow me .  the man said , and walked up the ramp with easy strides . after a moment , i followed him . newline newline the inside of the ship was remarkably different from the exterior . instead of silver , it seemed as if it had been made out of a rainbow of crystal . the walls , instead of the austere gray i expected , were covered in what looked like stained glass , lit from within by a mysterious light . scenes like out of a fairy tale , with dragons , knights , and castles , were depicted on every surface . a carpet of transparent plastic clearly of human origin , protected the floor , where a giant serpent seemed to lead the way deeper into the ship with its kaleidoscope of crystal scales . newline newline  most of the technology in this craft we already have .  my escort said , seemingly unimpressed by the view .  the problem is , we simply do nt have the raw power to make it run ... and we have as of yet found no way of replicating their engine . and that is why we called you here today .  newline newline at his touch , a panel depicting a burning orb slid back to reveal a spherical chamber that seemed to glow with a fiery light . tentatively , i followed him into the room . newline newline soon , it became apparent what was causing the glow . the walls were covered from top to bottom with precious stones , arranged in a mosaic depicting flames so real that they seemed to dance before my eyes . a small gangplanklike platform stretched into the very center of the room , where it ended in a ringlike platform that surrounded an orb of light so bright that i had to avert my eyes . newline newline newline  here .  said my guide , offering a pair of the same dark shades that he wore .  now you know why i kept these on .  newline newline together , we strode to the heart of the chamber  and , if my suspicions were correct , the heart of the ship itself . as we got closer , a loud humming filled our ears , seeming to emanate from the sphere itself . newline newline  once your eyes have adjusted a bit , look at the center of the light .  said my guide , peering at the orb with a pained expression on his face . to my surprise , i saw a small oblong shape the size of a tennis ball , almost invisible at the center of the sphere . as i watched , it shook slightly from left to right , rocking in a cradle made of light . newline newline  what is it ?  i called , yelling to be heard over the din . newline newline  we think it s one of their eggs .  yelled my guide .  it has been stable for years , but recently something has changed .  newline newline  we think it s hatching .  newline newline newline  newline newline well that was fun . cc appreciated , and if you enjoyed you can find more of my work over at rtimesyncs ! the thing about demon summonings is you could google that shit and you  d get the entire step by step tutorial of how to do it . hell , in these day and age you could probably get a youtube howto with actual footage of the demon that gets summoned as well as alternative items if it  s too difficult to get some of the ancient wiccan shit they used to need in the past . you don  t even have to be an actual satanist , being in a commercialised capitalist society is enough for everyone to be considered a devil worshipper . newline newline  murmurs in the audience , a hand is seen being raised  newline newline speak up a little would you ? newline newline oh , angels ? you want to summon an angel ? son , do you really think angels exist in such a fucked up world ? you  re christian so you have to ? alright , okay . newline newline take out your notebooks  oh what am i saying , open your memos application on your phone and write down these steps if you wan na know how to summon an angel . newline newline  sounds of bags being opened , several lights pop up and typing sounds can be heard  newline newline so sonnies , you think an angel  s in the same ball pit as demons huh ? no , they  re definitely not . it takes about twice the effort to summon an angel these days . with the depravity of the world coming to a climax , it seems like angels don  t come down here very often anymore . or , really , angels aren  t as easily found . newline newline anyway , the first step . find a really good person , like a super saint almost jesus level of kindness and goodness . it can  t be one of those fake fuckers who seem nice and shit but aren  t . find someone genuinely kind . after that , ask the person to take a bath in rose water and cleanse themselves . newline newline what ? does it matter what religion they are ? nah , if someone  s nice and kind they could be a satanist but it doesn  t really cancel out their good nature . religion isn  t equivalent to having the right morality anyway . newline newline next , after that person  s all clean and good . draw a pentagram on the floor and place the clean and good person there . hopefully they  ve changed into something white and pretty . maybe not something you want to wear again though .  coz it  s gon na get stained and blood  s kinda hard to get off . newline newline wow , wow , chill for a moment there . let me finish telling you the steps before we get all batshit on me here . and yes , i did say blood . anyway , you  ve got the person clean and on the pentagram now right . now , you just fucking kill them . the best way is to let their blood slowly drain out from a knife wound . newline newline oh , and as the person is dying , you have to say a few incantations of course . if not , what the hell would even be the point of that it  d just be cold blooded murder you know ? you have to say something like ,  in the name of  ugh , i can  t remember the words to be honest . let me just write it on my blog after this session and if ya  ll need it just go on there to refer to it okay ? newline newline  isn  t that just a demon summoning then ?  newline newline who said that ! newline newline  silence , a hand is slowly raised  newline newline hahahaha , you  re one smart fella aren  t ya ? i guess , you could say it is . you technically do get a demon at the end of this ceremony . but , really at the start of it , it  s the angel who tries to come you know . newline newline the thing is , where do demons come from anyway ? what , really are demons ? by killing this pure innocent human being , an angel is forcibly taken down from the heavens . their wings ripped right off their backs , the heavy chains of regret and pain and the feelings of why did god leave me like this that the dying person has it deliciously tears off these magical flying hippies right from heaven , bringing them all the way down to earth . newline newline during this descent , they turn hideous , their true nature slowly comes to the surface you know . evil and good are just two sides of the same coin and by doing this , you  re just flipping the switch on some goody goody angel who doesn  t do shit for anyone you know ? like , really . what are angels for anyway ? even with demons you can get something for an almost equivalent exchange . newline newline  how did you find out about this method ? and about the nature of demons ? like , i just googled it and there  s nothing on the subject ?  newline newline well sonny , i was the first angel to have fallen this way . ya know , the big l , mr lucy himself ? hahahahaha , look at all your faces . i  m guessing that  s the last question of the night then , suffer well in hell all of you . newline newline  screams are heard , the microphone is turned off . eventually , nothing is heard .  newline newline  newline newline first time i m trying this style . hopefully it s alright , haha .the first three times i asked the guards , they did nt bat an eye . after four times , the guard giving me my food finally responded . newline newline  still in denial ? you got caught , now you reap what you sowed .  he said . you could hear it from his voice that he said that phrase to all inmates who asked why they were here . newline newline but for one , i was serious . i had no idea why i was dragged in here , how they brought me here , where i even was . newline newline first week in here was apparently isolation . contact with other inmates was prevented . the only human contact , if we can call it that , was the guards . newline newline  can you tell me why i am here ?  i asked frank , the guard who gave me my food every day . he never told me his name but i had heard his supervisor call him . newline newline  i would if i could , buddy .  his face bleaching of colors as he looked over his shoulders .  but you are nowhere to be seen . just like the worst guys in l5 .  newline newline  l5 ?  i asked . newline newline  lower 5 , the lowest level . people who go there never see the light of day again . the whole level is selfcontained .  newline newline  newline newline it s been three weeks since i arrived in this hell hole . after the first week , i was brought down to l5 . surrounded by serial killers , spies of various nationalities and traitors to the nation . newline newline as they had brought me down , the inmates had fled from my proximity . judging by the look of the guards , they had prepared them for my arrival . they had been told who i was and they were now scared . what had i done to scare whistleblowers and serial killers that much ? newline newline as time past , i understood the inmates would not talk to me , just like the guards . if i wanted responses , i would need to get them by myself . newline newline as i returned to my cell after lunch , i grabbed one of the smaller convicts by the collar of his shirt and lifted him up on a wall . pretty easy since i was one of the few to take care of my body down here , pummeling my punching bag to pass time . newline newline  tell me what you know , snowden .  i said to him as his shirt s collar ripped partially . newline newline  no need to be brutal . the guards do nt give a damn that i say what i know in here .  newline newline  i m not talking about america , snow white . this is about me . why are you all dodging me ?  newline newline the whistleblower s head turned sideways to dodge my glare . newline newline  what have they told you ?  newline newline  you really do nt remember anything ?  i shook my head .  do you remember your full name ?  newline newline  john r ...  i started , something stopping me from saying my name .  john regal .  newline newline  i know you remembered . say it again .  newline newline  john schemus rodriguez regal . john schemes  regal for short .  i said , dropping snowden from the wall . newline newline  i ll take you to your cell . you are in for a wild ride as your brain relives the memories .  newline newline  memories they hid from me .  i said , snowden nodding to it .  i m a monster ...  newline newline  you were their monster . you ll be able to return your normal self in here . if anything can be considered normal ... the note was clear .  cut the red wire , and she lives , sucker.  newline my love lay there propped up in the corner , legs listless . i wasn  t sure if she had fallen from her wheelchair , or had been pushed . i could see her commands , her mouth shouting , her arms waving . i live to be of service to her , and yet , here , nowi am useless . before this disaster , i could heed her every whim . anything she asked , i would do and more . my roommate charlie likes to tell me i  m pathetic when i bring her the morning paper . apparently everyone gets their news from phones these days , but i say there is something old fashioned and romantic about bringing your love a paper in bed every morning . newline and here it was . my love , charlie , myself , and this blasted bomb in our very own home . red wire ? of all the things i could do for heri could not do this . red ? i have never been able seen that color my entire life . newline i look at my roommate . newline  charlie , pleasehelp me..  i begged . newline charlie just sat on the table , staring at me with those judging eyes of his . asshole . he  s actually smiling . i never should have let him move in . i bet he could see red . i bet he could cut these wires too . actually , i bet he brought the bomb and wrote this note . newline the panic set in . but how do i cut them  what if i figure out what red looks like  what do i cut the wire with ? ! newline  charlie , get your sorry ass over here and help me !  i shout . newline i glance at my love , her screams are whispers now . the blinking lights of the bomb mock me . 2 minutes left . smoke is rising and fills my nostrils . newline useless . pathetic . i used to be such a good boy . now look at me , running around a bomb , locked in my own home , my love in such distress she has now fainted on the floor , and my sadistic roommate might be the culprit for all of this . newline newline the neighbors ! they could help ! i sprint to the nearest window and howl as i never have before . like i said , i was always a good boy . but today , today i am already ruining everything . might as well make a racket . jessica is in the front yard , and she hears me ! bless that child and her sourdough treats . and bless her ears . she comes to the window , looks inside , and understands . newline within seconds her parents are at the door , slamming it to get inside . newline newline but the bomb.the bomb . only a few seconds left . the room is filling with smoke . three.twoone.and beeping . the end is now . we are all going to die ! i lose my mind and find within me a howl to scare all manner of wolf or beast . newline jessica  s dad breaks through the front door and helps my love back into her wheel chair . jessica  s mom is on her cell , calling someone hopefully to resuscitate my love . poor dear looks so pale . but will any of it matter ? when does the bomb go off anyway . we are done ! it is all over ! newline  yes  , said jessica  s mom ,  yes , like i said , 88 year old woman unconscious but breathing . we have her back in her wheelchair . i  m sorry , yes we have her back in her wheelchair . i  m sorry  yes , her wheelchair  sorry her dog wont stop barking . it  s how we found her . no , no that  s the toaster  yes  the toaster is beepingi  ll unplug it now  yes , ok , sorry   newline newline toaster.toaster ? ! ! i stop my racket . jessica and her parents looked at me suddenly in the silence . i can hear charlie snickering . newline jessica  s mom continues talking on the phone ,  yes , uh , the dog stopped barking . hmmm ? yes , please hurry , geraldine is unconscious  she  s our neighbor  yes  again : 5532 south columbia st. that  s right . no , we are fine . thank you . ok  . newline newline  mom ,  jessica asks ,  what is this ?  and she points at that horrible note . charlie  s note . jessica  s mom picks it up , inspects it , and to my horror , says ,  no idea . looks like a scrap of paper with weird scratches on it.  she throws it in the trash ? ! ? newline the neighbors can not read ? ! do they think i  m just crazy ? do they not see the lies , the torture i just endured ? ! today , i might skin myself a cat . newline newline newline  newline i  ve read the rules and hopefully i  m doing this right . this is my first attempt at joining the writing prompt community . newlinethe only road traveled by newline newline   newline newline two roads converged in a yellow plain , newline newline and sorry i could not travel reverse , newline newline and be one of many , not yet slain , newline newline and look back to the morning rain , newline newline to a time when it would quench my thirst . newline newline   newline newline to have another , just as fair , newline newline and having perhaps the better claim . newline newline because it was grassy , and wanted wear  newline newline though as for that the passing there newline newline had worn them really about the same , newline newline   newline newline and would both that morning equally lay newline newline in leaves no monstrosity had trodden black . newline newline oh , to have roads from other days , newline newline and to have ways leading on to ways , newline newline i doubt we shall ever have them back . newline newline   newline newline i shall be telling this with a sigh newline newline somewhere ages and ages hence : newline newline two roads diverging in a plain , and i newline newline i took the only one traveled by , newline newline and that has made all the difference . newline newlinerachel thompson . one of seven billion . an ant among ten colonies worth of them . she held no importance . her disappearance would nt raise many questions . certainly no answers . it was no big deal . newline newline  then why do nt you just do it ,  jay whispered the words to himself . his right hand gripped a kitchen knife tight enough to turn his knuckles white . newline newline  you do nt want to do this ,  rachel whispered the words from her tied up position , elevated so that her feet hung inches above the ground . she stared at jay , eyes wet with tears .  i wo nt tell anyone what you are . you still save people . that s all that matters .  newline newline jay turned so that his whole body faced her and he held the knife up , bracing it against her neck . the contact pricked her skin and a droplet of blood ran down her skin , crimson against the pale white . newline newline  you re about to cross a line , you do nt want to cross it .  her voice was more pleading . newline newline  i m sorry ,  jay whispered , looking away from the blood , away from her eyes .  i m so sorry .  newline newline  you know the real fucked up thing ?  she spoke with sudden ferocity .  you re so scared of being seen as a monster that you ve become one .  newline newline jay sliced her throat . the blade went through easily , easier even than it did on the pigs he slaughtered . it was surprising . newline newline even more surprising was the surge of adrenaline he felt . the awakeness he felt at the outpouring of blood . human blood . it smelled different . better . newline newline he held back for what felt like an eternity before giving in to the urge to feed . so you re broken . great .  newline newline  false .  the robot replied . newline newline i was about to shut the stupid thing down , i was nt expecting another response . either way it did nt work , but i figured i could do some testing before i looked at the code again . it s not like it was easy to build , might as well work out as many kinks as i could early on . newline newline  you re not broken ?  i asked . newline newline no answer . mostly because it ca nt do anything other than say true or false . sometimes i wonder why i bothered to build an entire robot around lie detecting software in the first place . probably some kind of hubris i suppose . newline newline  you are functioning properly .  i stated clearly for the stupid robot . newline newline  true .  newline newline  you are a liar .  newline newline  false .  newline newline  i hate you .  that would get it . newline newline no answer . broken for sure . newline newline  i m going to shut you off .  newline newline  true .  the robot said before i shut it down . more weeks of coding . hooray . newline newline   newline newline  i am human .  newline newline  false .  newline newline  i m going to fucking stab you larry , you shit eating robot !  i spent a week tinkering with this stupid thing and it still did nt work . also i named it larry . newline newline   false .  larry said smugly . at least i m pretty sure he was being smug about it . newline newline  to which part ? the stabbing or the shit eating ?  newline newline  unknown .  newline newline at least that part worked . newline newline  two plus two equals four .  newline newline  true .  newline newline  two plus two equals one million .  newline newline  false .  newline newline  you can do math , congratulations . i ve made a smug calculator . call the nobel prize people and tell them i got a winner !  newline newline larry did nt respond . he just sat there looking smug , and like an asshole , which he apparently was . newline newline  time for a nap dummy .  newline newline   newline newline  i am human .  newline newline  false .  smug bastard . newline newline  i hate you larry .  newline newline  hyperbole .  newline newline  you smarmy fuck , who taught you to say that ?  newline newline  i learned it by watching you .  newline newline  smug . you get turned off now .  newline newline   newline newline  i am human .  newline newline  false .  newline newline  how do you figure larry ?  newline newline  you are not human .  larry farted from his stupid robot mouth . newline newline  am too .  i expertly countered . newline newline  false .  newline newline  is my cat human ?  checkmate . newline newline  no .  newline newline  is my dog a cat ?  newline newline  you do not have a dog .  newline newline  you got me there larry . is this hammer human ?  i brandished the hammer menacingly to drive my point home . newline newline  no .  newline newline  ok , so now i m going to hit you with this hammer in the off button . do nt freak out .  newline newline   newline newline  i am human .  newline newline  false .  newline newline  the mailman is human .  newline newline  true .  newline newline well shit . after weeks of exhaustive testing in very scientific ways i have determined that larry does actually work . which mean i m not human . which is probably bad . newline newline  what am i then smart guy ?  newline newline  unknown .  newline newline  that s lazy larry , you can do better . crank up that big ass robot brain and churn out some answers .  newline newline  what ?  larry asked stupidly . newline newline  time for more science in your stupid head .  newline newline   newline newline  i am human .  newline newline  true .  newline newline uh . i think i broke something . newline newline   newline newline  i am human .  newline newline  false .  newline newline whew , that was close . newline newline  where are we ?  newline newline  in your lab dr . hugedick .  newline newline  which is called ...  i prompted . newline newline i swear that asshat robot sighed ,  dr. hugedick s awesome factory .  newline newline  haha . yeah . enough screwing around larry , back to the science . what am i ?  newline newline  unknown variable .  newline newline  what does that mean ?  should have gotten my totally real doctorate in thinking doctoring . psychometry or whatever . newline newline  you are , an unqualified entry . no data exists .  newline newline  so , is that bad ?  newline newline  unknown . possibly .  newline newline  i forgot to give you chainsaw hands right ?  newline newline  correct .  newline newline   newline newline  you have chainsaw hands .  newline newline  true .  newline newline  rad .  newline newline  true .  newline newline   newline newline  what am i ?  newline newline  unknown .  newline newline well shit . i pumped about every god damn conceivable living thing into its brain . plus all the made up shit from the internet , conspiracy theorists , cryptozoololgy , you name it . it did nt make sense anymore . newline newline  we are best friends .  newline newline  true .  newline newline  hey that s all that matters to me buddy .  newline newline  false .  newline newline  you know me so well larry ! best best friend around .  newline newline  true .  newline newline  ok , use you dumb brain to compute what i am . do nt stop until you figure it out .  newline newline  affirmative .  newline newline   newline newline  solution . subject is error .  newline newline  i is error . that s pretty confusing larry . can you elaborate ?  newline newline  no .  newline newline  i have an idea .  newline newline   newline newline  i am human .  newline newline  me too .  larry said like a smart guy . newline newline  ok larry , glad to hear it . let s go do human stuff since we are both so human now .  newline newline  affirmative .  newline newline  i love you larry .  newline newline larry shuddered in delight , not disgust at all ,  true .  newline newline   newline newline here s some super human stuff to read rdirtandponchoqueltic history : volume 7 newline newline chapter 12 newline newline the end of the line . newline newline it s difficult to imagine now , with the returned fecundity of the plains , the crystallineblue flowing water of the countless rivers and streams of the iron spine ridge , and the impenetrable green wall of coniferous and deciduous forests that crowd the knotted roads and caravan trails of the new country , but anyone with a shovel can pierce the illusion of timeless calm easily . newline newline one or two grainy twists with a mattock more than enough to expose a thick greyblack line in the sediment a hands  breadth beneath the grass . here , we see the reality . newline newline the forests are all young . none of them are older than seventy years . the grasslands , for all their rippling emerald beauty in the wind , used to be a riot of color , with wildflowers of every description . there are precious few now , the topsoil having been sterilized by unbelievable heat of the last word . now , there is only the pervasive sameness of canegrass and crops . newline newline astonishingly , the canegrass was once considered a weed  .   weed  is a word that refers to the archaic idea of unwanted plant  . ask your instructor for a copy of the supplied lexicon defining words like this , if you have not read them before  newline newline now , during it s brief blooming season , where the waisthigh swaying fronds are capped with tiny bluewhite flowers , it is celebrated , as a reminder of what once was , and we remember the name of the farmer who had accidentally included a few of its downytufted seeds in with his wheatstock . newline newline there are few objects remaining from before the last word . most were carved stone or metal , or the obsidian palace , whose individual blocks were fused into a seamless whole , while the brief but unbelievably powerful windstorm splashed the molten facade into the air , like a surfcrested wave breaking against the rocks , frozen in time . newline newline no books survived . newline newline no paintings , or tapestries . this was why man s share of the great work principally concerned the carving of tablets designed to preserve knowledge of history , mathematics , horticulture and engineering . newline newline as you know , the lineage of man was a deliberate sacrifice , demanded by the dragons , and , as they were sacrificing themselves , we were in no position to refuse . they were sparing us from the poisoned fruits of the seeds sown during an unbroken two thousand years of war , but in return , they wanted something that would ensure that the past would not repeat itself . newline newline this is why we know the names of kings , but not their appearance . we know their kingdoms , but not their sons and daughters , and none know their personal country of origin . none can claim rule over another by right of blood . while the newest generations do not mind the loss , the elders ,  such as they are  , often grieve at the loss . newline newline this sacrifice was called the end of the line . newline newline there is a stone tablet , carved of basalt , at the epicenter of the great work which flashseared the choking smoke from the sky , heating so hard and so fast the soot fell like snow , parting the deathshroud our skies had become . cooking the forests . blasting the desert to hardened slag . boiling away three meters of ocean . the great work , which showed us the kindling point of a soul . newline newline the slab is the only remaining twinkling of magic in the world , for all can read it , whether or not they are lettered , or which language they awoke speaking , from the crystalline cocoon shelters deep beneath the waves . newline newline it says : newline newline know this , you gathered here , you are the last of the wise . we burned ourselves in penance , for our hand in the desolation of our world , so that life may start anew . and ours was the lesser burden to bear . newline newline for you must be stewards of life begun anew . tend to the greening tender stalks . nurture them , and grow . forget the kings of old , the nations in their pettiness . the world is your kingdom . the sun , returned to you by our blood , is your king . newline newline do this , and do not ever return to the old ways of the industry of war ... newline newline ... for there are no more dragons to kill .  newline newline this is the reason why we preserve our bloody history , why we learn it over and over . it is the reason for this book , and the volumes before it . if we forget , or fail , we have no more second chances . newline newline  newline newline epilogue : newline newline it ties to  rhoneypuffcereal s   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments3qc0snwpwriteanentryforahistorybookaboutancwdxsjj  entry . had nt seen any others before i started typing , so , sorry . : p newline newline hey ! did you know i have a  subreddit ? !   https : www.reddit.comriwassurprisedtoo  it s true !  newline newline newline newlinethe phenomenon was first quantified by a high school student called cabe brokefield . newline newline there was an extra dimension of space hidden within the machinations of humanities greatest achievement . newline newline the theory goes that when you try to insert a usb cable in one way but it does nt fit  then turn it 180 degrees and it still does nt fit  turn it another 180 degrees and it suddenly fits has nothing to do with being wrong the first time . newline newline usb devices actually live within 5 dimensional space and create paradox energy every time they go through a double 180 twist . newline newline vast arrays of automated usb plugging in machines were built . power started to be measured in giga plugs  gp  . newline newline in the year 35,000,000,000 as the last of the super massive black holes disappeared in a cloud of hawking radiation only the repeated plugging and rotating of usb devices keep one last planet warm . newline newline trillions of robotic voices sing out in unison  but i already tried this side , let me do that again ...  over and over , the final cry against the forever dark . newline newline  if you liked this story you can find more like then over at rtheseraphimthe school bus was cold and cramped  eddie peered out into the unknown , one of the first of his kind to make this journey . his buddy neil gave him a reassuring look ,  look buddy we have been training for this since preschool  neil said ,  we got this  . eddie nodded to confirm , suiting up he made his way to the front , turning he nodded to the driver as he descended down the stairs , the doors opened to an alien world , the wind blowing , following neil he heard the driver say over the wind  thats one small step for man  one giant leap for mankind .  what ?  yelled neil turning back to the driver .  i said watch the last step young man its a giant leap for your kind ,  said the driver as he closed the door . neil with a puzzled look shrugged as he ran to school .barney checked his pistol again . the the breakaction revealed the end of the cartridge , .50 caliber . newline newline he snapped it shut , letting the gun rest in his hand . his arms crossed and he spit . a look of impatience and anxiety wore on his face , it looked like it had been taking a toll on him . newline newline barney stood in an intersection , the tall buildings around him watched him with a thousand glowing eyes , from a thousand broken windows . their leader was on the way . newline newline he was outnumbered , hopelessly . there was no going back . no way out except death . the only chance was that this single bullet would change the course of things to come . newline newline it had been dipped in pig s blood , smeared with garlic , it was silver . anything anyone could think of , whether through science or the occult was a theory of what this thing was . newline newline and it had called out to him . newline newline barney was a hunter of monsters after the world changed . the monsters spread like a disease , turning cities into a horrifying mess . newline newline he would order his men to burn them out , slaughter them . he had gassed them , demolished their homes , and more than he could remember died from small arms . newline newline apparently they had a leader . patient 0 . the one that started it all . newline newline a figure stepped out from one of the office buildings . manshaped , mansized . it strode towards the center of the street with its hands in its pockets . newline newline it wore a suit , nothing outlandish . but it was not human , grayskinned , with eyes black as the night on a new moon . they shimmered eerily in the pale light of the setting sun . long graywhite hair fell on its shoulders . newline newline  hello barney ,  it addressed him and straightened its tie . newline newline  what are you ? who are you ?  barney called out . newline newline chittering erupted from the buildings . the beast s reflective eyes danced about in fits of anticipation . newline newline  i m the new world order !  it yelled . newline newline it twirled about in a flourish , its arms outstretched . a glorious smile came to its face , filled with sharp , jagged teeth . cheers that resembled a hissing cat came from the audience of diseased . newline newline  what do you call yourself ?  barney did his best to appear calm . newline newline  i am the alpha and the omega , the beginning and the end . look upon me and despair ,  it bowed . newline newline more cheers . newline newline  what do you want with me ?  barney asked them all . newline newline the crowd died down . newline newline  you ve become a symbol of hope for your dying race . and a thorn in my side for too long ,  it adjusted its cufflinks . newline newline the beasts simply stared down at barney . newline newline  well ,  he unholstered his pistol ,  let s do this , then .  newline newline  you should nt have come here , barney .  newline newline before the last sounds of patient 0 left its mouth , the figure vanished into the dark . cheers erupted from the buildings , and dark figures poured over the walls to the intersection . newline newline  let s shed some light on this ,  barney said . newline newline taking a canister from inside his duster , he set it on the asphalt . a moment passed , and then white light burst from all directions . newline newline the creatures hissed in pain and anger . barney stood with his back to it , trying to find the suit in the chaos . newline newline the creatures scurried and twisted against each other on the perimeter of light . the eyes danced like fish in the ocean . their motion was like bubbles in a pot of boiling water . newline newline  your light will run out ,  a voice came from the crowd . newline newline barney lifted the lantern , holstered his pistol and took out a large bowie knife with his free hand . newline newline  i ll find you . i ll find you and i ll kill you ,  he yelled to the space in front of him . newline newline he walked towards the nearest building , the beasts parted before him . newline newline  i d be disappointed if you did nt ,  the voice came again . newline newline barney stepped into one of the skyscrapers . only a faint echo of the scurrying masses outside met his ear . his lower lip turned . he sheathed the knife , took a thermite grenade , pulled the pin and tossed it towards a large support column . newline newline it erupted into white hot fire , melting the concrete and metal . newline newline  i ll burn this whole city to find you ,  he whispered to the fire .dad smiled at me . newline newline  god knows , this is nt easy .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  you re 25 now , you know ?  newline newline  and ... ?  newline newline  you have to understand , this is something we have to keep up . this has nt been easy for me , all these years , when i saw you laugh and smile and i laughed and smiled back .  newline newline  dad , are you okay ? is something wrong with mom ?  newline newline  i promise i never wanted to lie to you . i really did nt . but you were so happy . and it s just a thing you ca nt tell , okay ? this is the deal we have , our leaders fought hard for this and god knows , far too many lives were sacrificed .  newline newline  dad , what the hell are you talking about ?  newline newline  you re 25 , okay ? i wish i could hide you or send you into the woods , but they would find you and they would kill you , okay ? i m serious .  newline newline  i m getting a beer , do ...  newline newline  god dammit , sit back down !  newline newline  what ? dad , i know this is one of your jokes , but you re not scaring me .  newline newline  call your boss .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  call your boss .  newline newline  why ?  newline newline  ask him why you re off tomorrow .  newline newline  oh wow , where are we going ?  newline newline  son , do i look like i m joking ?  newline newline  no , but ...  newline newline  fucking listen , okay ? for once fucking listen to me , okay ?  newline newline  okay ...  newline newline  and sit down .  newline newline  okay .  newline newline  listen , this is something you ca nt talk about with your friends until they re 25 too , okay ? can you promise me that ?  newline newline  fine . whatever . but please calm down , okay ?  newline newline  i just need you to understand this is not a joke . i m serious , and i think you wo nt even understand how serious , until tomorrow .  newline newline  what will happen tomorrow ?  newline newline  listen . what they told you about the world wars , you know , it s a lie .  newline newline  oh come on ...  newline newline  fucking sit !  newline newline  dad ...  newline newline  shut up for once , and listen !  newline newline  i did nt know you believe in this conspiracy shit .  newline newline  it s not a conspiracy .  newline newline  what even ?  newline newline  the mustard gas . and the holocaust . and the massacres in china and fucking all of this . it was all connected , okay ? we , the humans , tried to fight back , okay ? that s the only reason they did the holocaust , okay ? they fucking slaughtered millions of us for this and we did nt even hurt a single one of them . we did nt even touch them , we did nt even get close , and they fucking made millions of us suffer . do you understand ? you can not resist then . you can not , okay ? do nt even think about it , no matter what they do tomorrow , okay ? do nt even think about fighting back , they will just throw you in a hole and then they ll come and get me and your mother and your sisters and they ll throw us in there too and they ll let us starve or rot or whatever . okay ?  newline newline  what the hell are you ...  newline newline  they are our masters , you understand ? our masters . fuck lincoln , he did shit . we are all slaves , all of us , and either we accept them harvesting us or they ll kill us all , okay ?  newline newline  what the ...  newline newline  i ca nt explain it , okay ? but i ll be there tomorrow , even if i have to listen to your screams , but i promise i ll be there and i promise it will go over , okay ?  newline newline  dad , you re crying ...  newline newline  i love you , okay . i love you . i would do anything for you not to go through this . but i ca nt , okay ? i just ca nt .  newline newline  dad , calm down . calm down . whatever it is , i ll be fine . everything will be fine . just calm down , dad .  newline newline  nothing is fine son . nothing is when your whole species has to make this kind of deal and this kind of sacrifice every month .  newline newline  what do you even ...  newline newline  i do nt know how to explain it . maybe it s better if you do nt know until tomorrow .  newline newline  dad , what ...  newline newline  it s called harvest  , okay ? and you ll now have to do it once a month or they ll kill you and our whole family . tomorrow just accept it , no matter what , okay ?  newline newline  are you serious ?  newline newline  you know , uncle will and his kids ?  newline newline  you re saying ...  newline newline  it was nt a car accident , okay ? you know i would nt joke about this . it was nt an accident , okay ? and you do nt want to know how they died . you just do nt .  newline newline  dad ...  newline newline  go to bed , okay ? your mother made you some cookies .  newline newline  dad , it s not even 10 .  newline newline  go to bed . we need to get up early and you ll need your sleep .  newline newline  dad ...  newline newline  i love you . i m so sorry . i m just so sorry . but you ll understand why i never warned you , okay ? i m so sorry .  newline newline  do nt be sorry , dad , it s okay . whatever it is , i ll be okay .  newline newline  okay . you ll be okay . just go to bed now . just go , please .  newline newline  fine dad . i ll try .  newline newline  thank you . i ll wake you up .  newline newline  do you want some of the cookies ?  newline newline  no . you eat them . you ll need them for your blood sugar .  newline newline  okay .  newline newline  i love you dad . good night .  newline newline  i love you too . i love you too .  newline newline  good night .  newline newline  oh , one thing .  newline newline  yeah ?  newline newline  happy birthday , son . happy birthday .  newline newline  thanks dad . for everything .  newline newline  it s okay . see you tomorrow .  newline newline  night , dad .  newline newline  night , son .  you don  t understand man , she was the one.  george took a long swig out of the bottle before passing into the accepting hands of xiiron . aside from the suction cups along his palm and finger tips , the hands of xiiron looked remarkably human . his face also could pass as human if he only walked under the stars and moon , and not under any streetlamps . the luminosity in his eyes had faded considerably since he first landed in this pasture and discovered george . and rum , which was quickly turning into as beloved of a friend as george was . the two had been sitting on the back of george  s pick up truck for hours , getting more and more piss drunk . newline newline newline  nahh , i gettit . i miss my woman too , she was everything . i never felt anything like it before , you know . tween you and me george , i dunno if i ever want that again . maybe i  m posed to only have it once.  xiiron said while staring up into the stars , which were starting to vibrate and shake a bit . he really liked how this alcohol thing made stuff around you dance . newline newline newline george burped and signaled for the bottle to be passed back .  yeah , even at the time i didn  t know if its what i wanted . cause i was scared , thought i wasn  t good nough for her.  newline newline newline xiiron turned his head and waited a moment until his eyes focused on his new pal .  is that why it ended ? you didn  t think you were worth her ? my friend , you  re worth so much . i love you man . and you know what , you cant love someone else until you love yourself  with one long finger , xiiron poked right into the middle of georges chest with considerable strength . george tipped backwards a bit before finding some balance again . not that he had much left . newline  what happened to your girl ?  george focused on breaking apart his words as much as possible . they were really starting to slur together . newline newline newline  she volunteered  erself for sacrifice . every now  n then we got ta make an offering to the great ones . they been hungry lately though , its why i came here . i  m going to help ya , don  t worry about a thing.  xiiron said as he patted george on the shoulder who , although still sitting semiupright , couldn  t seem to keep his eyes open . newline newline newline  kay . tomorrow though.  george mumbled before allowing himself to lay back and submerge himself into a thick and heavy sleep . xiiron took one last sip out of the bottle and a deep breath of the cold unfamiliar air . curling up into the fetal position he joined his friend . once sleep took hold and stole away his thoughts , he wandered through dreams with worlds and colors that were beyond the imagination of man . newlinetwo pairs of feet clamored down the ivory colored hallway and shoved past the towering dark wooden doors into the intense atmosphere of the round room . the united states delegate and her aid had arrived . newline newline  sorry i m late , the cabinet nearly shit itself trying to deal with the press .  newline everyone nodded in silent understanding . the meeting had now officially begun . the presiding president of the un began with a report of why everyone was called . newline newline  for the official record i will now go over why this meeting was called . in the past 48 hours , fifteen nuclear bombs went off in the middle eastern region of the world . no official word has been confirmed on who had set off the bombs . the un asks all nations who have any knowledge to speak up .  newline the room was dead . suspicious eyes scanned every delegate . nothing . even a cellphone going off would be welcomed at this point . the un president sighed and slumped in his chair . newline newline  fine . if no country is willing to speak up then i move to condemn all countries .  newline there was a low murmur . newline  it has been too long now that this union has hidden behind the claim of peace if no country is willing to step toward it !  newline meanwhile sprinting down the hallway was an intern of the un staff . he burst through the doors and yelled ,  i know who did it !  newline everyone turned to the panting kid . the un president rushed over to him and tried to calm him down . newline  speak slowly and clearly  who did this ?  newline newline  i ll show you .  the kid took the laptop he was gripping onto and placed it onto china s table and opened it . he linked it to the projector and a picture was illuminated in the back wall . the us delegate stood up while russia s delegate looked horrified . newline it was none other than edward snowden . a man who claimed he looked out for civilians killed millions just mere minutes . newline  how ...  the us delegate asked and looked towards the russian delegate . he stood up shaking his chair as he did so . but the intern interjected . newline newline  he stole codes from multiple nations .  newline newline  how do you know this ?  the japanese delegate demanded . newline newline  he sent a fucking memo to the un thirty minutes ago . i noticed a new email from our servers and of course thought it could be important . when i saw it was a memo i wondered who could be so stupid as too send something so trivial that i thought it was a joke . i looked at it anyway . this is what it said .  the intern pulled up the email . newline newline  dear nations , newline i am disappointed in all of you and even in the nations that are nt there with you . i can safely assume you are all shocked . this was my plan all along . the chaos i created with the nsa scandal was a diversion for the codes i stole . escaping to russia was just another step in getting the other codes . clearly you must all be asking why instead of how now , right ? well , to save time i ll tell you : the world has forced this to happen . no country could see past it s own interests . you have all refused to step up to the world plate ! now , innocent lives have paid the price . it now depends on the coalition of the un to do what is right..that is if you can figure that out in time .  newline it was as the room read the last line that fear set in . it was the following lines that panic set in . newline newline  that s right un . i have all the codes to your nuclear weapons . either you all must try for peace , real peace , or i send a major city and then some to hell . you have the next 48 hours to come up with something or new york city might be next . oh , and do nt even think about saying anything to the outside world . or you all die . good luck , you ll need it .  newline newline the un president slammed the computer shut . newline  it s time then  we must prove that humanity will triumph .  newline the stage was set as snowden sat back in his chair as observed his screen . he smirked at the un presidents words . only the brink of destruction can make the world go round , edward thought .joshua was a lonely kid . he had no friends ... except his imaginary friend , perry . josh and perry hung out a lot . people gave josh weird looks when he and perry would play . but josh had no other friends , so he d play with perry . one night while josh was at his bedside , he got down on his knees , and prayed to god that josh would come to life . newline newline josh woke up . he went down for breakfast , with perry as usual . josh s mom jumped back , and asked who was the boy next to him . josh was confused . he thought no one could see perry . everything was explained , but still josh s mom did nt believe him . newline newline josh and perry went to school . when they got to school josh made perry wait outside in the rain . the school day ended , and josh went over to perry . newline newlinethere comes a time in every man s life when he is forced to reckon with something unimaginable . to somehow take in a concept that he never wanted to admit the existence of , to find himself at a loss with regards to any future action . newline newline for james madison , that time was right now . eleven hundred hours , on the dot , and the war machines were flying over his head . he could have tried to ignore them , forget about their perpetual presence . pretend for another day that this moment was nt coming , that he was nt doing what he was , that he had never participated in a war crime or been one of the tiny cogs in a horrible machine . newline newline it was nt much use , any more . not after yesterday . newline newline ah , yesterday . newline newline when someone looks into the future , they should have hope . they should be able to dream of what they might achieve , one day , of a brighter future with endless possibilities . perhaps it is directly because of those endless possibilities that one is able to have hope  because , in the end , no matter how doomed a situation may seem , there is always a way for things to go well . and even if there is nt  what human can claim to know the future ? what mind can possibly say they have seen what is coming , if only to dash those hopes ? newline newline they could . see the future , that is . or so adams had told him , before he disappeared off the face of the earth . apparently they d created a supercomputer with the power to predict the future within certain parameters , and were actively using it in their war effort . breathtaking scientific breakthroughs , all to kill other people ? huh , now that sure was surprising . newline newline so he could say that he had lost hope about the future . and , unfortunately , he had nothing but regrets about the past . newline newline oh , he had nt done anything too terrible . in the end , he d be forgotten , like the thousands of others that worked for their war machine in the tireless effort to end the lives of half the world s population . any record of his existence would disappear within years , and he d be absolved of all blame for the admittedly small part he had played . newline newline but when he thought about yesterday , it did nt sit right with him . he d been there , seen what they were doing to her . the resistance fighter , as much as that name implied the opposite of what the socalled resistance  was . it invoked ideas of some small group of guerrilla fighters . not quite the continentspanning army that it was , but still . newline newline ah , yesterday . tomorrow was hopeless , and yesterday was full of regrets . newline newline yesterday , when he had watched them torture her to death , and then revive her just to continue  he had been complicit in that . his work to maintain the machinery that they had used , to smash open her head and practically dissect her . had he done it ? no . would it have happened without him ? most probably , yes . newline newline but he was still consenting . he was okay with what they were doing . and that wasnt okay . newline newline the piece of equipment in his hands rumbled . he shook it , and it seemed to purr in response . this moment , this pause in work , would probably be stuck in their records for an eternity . perhaps it would make the difference in a promotion , not that he ever wanted one . not anymore . newline newline would he continue working for them ? would he keep doing what he had been ? newline newline he knew it was nt any better on the other side of the war . perhaps it was propaganda , but some of it had to be true , the way the resistance  was rumored to eat their opponents alive . the way they experimented on their own people to create the destructive forces that could rival one of the machines that was flying over james  head at that moment . and , of course , for the war to continue this long , they had to have resorted to torture for information . newline newline perhaps , one day , the wheel of war technology would allow them to avoid such necessities . maybe that was something he could hope for . newline newline he smiled , but it was bitter , almost caustic . happiness was a hard thing to curate in this world , what with the constant destruction , but perhaps he could find peace . newline newline the war machines were physically strong , but they still relied on their shielding systems to protect from impacts . james raised the machine in his hands , still humming , and aimed . it was a glorified nailgun , made for work on the massive construct that his side of the war effort used as a headquarters . perhaps it would work as a missile . newline newline he took a breath . this  this was him saying he did nt consent . that he was done with their crimes , he told himself . it was over . newline newline a pull of the trigger . newline newline nothing happened . newline newline  oh well ,  said james . a group of men was already approaching , almost casually . newline newline they would certainly be consenting to his death .bright sunlight streamed through the trees as julius jameson ambled down the sidewalk , making his rounds as he normally did . it was a pleasant mail route , especially the portion in the valley way development , as the sidewalks were straight and swept clean , the canopy overhead providing shade , and the elderly residents all amicable and jovial , generally . newline newline generally , that is , except for the seventh house on julius s current sweep . that house belonged to the most elderly resident of the neighborhood , mr carlos cranne . cranne spent his better years working in a factory before the war , but was unable to work after returning due to unspecified injuries . nothing apparent that prevented him from chasing people , even neighbors with small children , away from his illkept property . there , for decades , he resided , with few friends and fewer visitors . newline newline julius shuffled some of the post in his satchel , hitched it back up onto his shoulder , and ambled up to the first house on the street . his ankle began to itch as he approached the door and the mailbox mounted on the wall . balancing on one foot , he began to scratch at the nagging sensation with his other , as he placed the mail for ms jenkins in the box . newline newline suddenly , the door swung wide , nearly knocking julius over , as another resident of the neighborhood , mrs tompkin , strode out .  thanks for the tea , dear ! oh my , i did nt see you there , julius ! i nearly knocked your block off with the door !  newline newline  no need to worry mrs tompkin , i m perfectly fine !  julius called , as he bent over and began scratching more intensely at his ankles . a letter slipped out of his satchel as he knelt , and fluttered down to land on tompkin s foot .  looks like you lost one , for ... oh , for him , i see .  she kneeled down to pick it up as julius began raking his fingernails up his exposed calves . newline newline  oh my , did the door hit your leg ?  tompkin inquired .  nno , i m just ... really itchy for some reason . here , let me take the letter .  mrs tompkin gasped at the blood under the fingernails of julius s proffered hand .  oh my god , are you ok , julius ?  julius stared blankly at his hand for a moment , then down to his leg . a singular gash ran from under his socks , up and around his calf , nearly to his kneecap . shocked , julius shoved the hand under his armpit and snatched the letter away with his other .  i really must be going  , he mumbled , as he began backing down the path to the sidewalk . newline newline slowly at first , then faster , julius moved back towards his mail truck , at the end of the block . two squirts of hand sanitizer cleaned the blood from his hand , but there was still the problem of his leg . gasping , julius globbed more of the sanitizing gel onto the open wound , then wound some sterile gauze from his first aide kit all around his leg . newline newline there , on the back of the truck , he sat , staring blankly at his wounded leg . he sat long enough for one of the residents on the other side of the street , susan ellison , to come out bedecked in a fluffy robe , phone in one hand , cup of coffee in the other .  hi there , you look like you could use a cup of joe  she began , jovially . a painfully long pause commenced before julius slowly , deeply inhaled , then spat out  noimfinethankyouhereisyourmailmaam  as he reached into the satchel sitting behind him , snatched a handful of letters and fliers , and shoved them into her face , and spilling her coffee , all within seconds . newline newline with an unintelligible grunt , susan swatted the offending material away from her face before shouting  woah , should i call your manager or something  a cold , empty stare met her gaze , causing her shoulders to slump , and for her to shrink away , across the street , back to the safety of her abode . newline newline there julius sat for another dozen minutes , staring blankly at his leg , before reaching blindly back into his mail satchel , and withdrawing a single envelope , now slightly rumpled and flecked with a smattering of blood . suddenly leaping to his feet , he fixed his gaze on a house , seven doors away . newline newline with a menacing purpose in his stride , julius made his way up the middle of the street , stopping in front of the cranne abode . there , he looked down at the envelope in his hand , at the single word scrawled on it . cranne . putting his injured foot forward , julius closed the distance from street to door in mere moments . newline newline the door reverberated , and the space behind it seemed to echo , as julius s fist met it three solid times . then , silence , for a full minute . with a wheeze and sudden loud gasp , as though he had nt been breathing , julius began to roar .   ccrrrrrrrra   he stopped as the door suddenly swung inward , or would have had it not been suddenly halted by three chain locks . newline newline  what is it  came the muted voice of the sole resident of the house . a statement , not a question . newline newline  post ... for ... you ...  came the response from behind julius s clenched teeth . skin scraped from his hand as he jammed it into the narrow opening , forcing the letter at cranne . there , both parties stood , on either side of the portal , for a few moments before the letter reached its recipient . julius jerked his hand back , and the door slowly closed . he began to sway , slowly , rocking back on to his heels , before raising his injured hand to the wall to steady himself . newline newline a full minute of silence passed before the sound of locks opening could be heard . slowly , slowly , the door opened , revealing a dimly lit sitting parlor , and the elderly carlos cranne , supported by a walker . the sunlight glinted off of two rifles , resting on a wall mounted gun rack , well behind cranne . newline newline  i suppose you want to come in to do this ?  cranne s voice wavered only slightly , at the end . newline newline  no  came the forceful response , as julius s hands flew from his hips , finding the throat of his prey.  now ... you ... it ... ends ...  were the last earthly sounds that carlos cranne heard . newline newline a limp body slumps to the floor , life extinguished . moments later , another limp body slumps down in the doorway . thousands of miles away , in a foreign land , a candle is snuffed out by wrinkled fingertips , and lines of chalk are slowly swept up . welcome to your new home , sister mary ,  said mother superior bobo . newline newline  thank you , mother . i don  t know what i would have done if you hadn  t taken me in.  newline newline bobo placed her paw on the top of mary  s head .  it is okay , my child . this is why we are here . we are a place for healing and contemplation.  newline newline sister banana  s , who stood off to the side , punched one paw into another .  and of ass kicking !  newline newline bobo shot banana a nasty look .  forgive sister banana . she can get over excited sometimes.  newline newline mary nodded .  i understand . after my husband died i had a lot of anger and aggression . why would god do this to me ? i had always been a good woman . why would he pull the rug out from under me ?  newline newline mother superior bobo sat down in her office chair .  god has a plan for us all.  newline newline  look at us ,  said sister banana .  our ancestors once roamed the jungles of africa , swinging from tree to tree until nazi scientists captured and caged us . they gave us intelligence and let us loose into the world with no purpose.  newline newline  catholic ministries found our scraggly and starving ancestors . they took us in . they knew we had special talents that could be put to good use . in addition to finding god we also found a purpose ,  said bobo . newline newline  and the church found their enforcers.  newline newline bobo nodded .  we fight the good fight . we fight the battles the church can  t fight . our order is not officially recognized by the catholic church but here we are.  newline newline  we have taken in members from south america , but you are the first human to join us ,  said banana .  even though you do not have the connection to our shared past we open up our order to you with open arms.  newline newline bobo held her hands together in prayer and looked up .  we trust the lord to lead us.  newline newline mary nodded .  i will always be in your debt for taking me in . i only hope that i can live up to the lofty goals of this order.  newline newline the office door crashed open . sister mary katherine pipsqueak rushed into the room .  we  ve got a code 7 in process in the western district.  newline newline bobo stood up and took off her cowl .  let  s go , sisters . there is work to be done.  newlinevladimir eyed the interloper with disdain , sticking a cigarette into his mouth before lighting it , a gruff grunt was the only acknowledgement that he gave . newline newline the interloper skirted along the edges of the wall blending unnaturally into the shadows . an unearthly howl rustled from the open window  who violates my domain ?  an unholy voice cried out . newline newline vladimir took a draw from his cigarette before removing it , ash sprinkling into his wild grey beard  is party house  . newline newline the interloper stopped  what ?  newline newline  is party house  vladimir confirmed idily picking up a mostly empty vodka bottle and swishing the contents  is not your domain  .  newline newline  the undead care not for political parties !  newline newline  well party claim house and redistribute  newline newline  that wont stop me from splattering this house with your entrails .  newline newline  that is counterrevolutionary behavior  newline newline the spirit stopped taken aback by vladimirs indifference to its presence . newline newline the man took a long draw of his cigarette .  if you continue to attempt to undermine party authority i may have to call the cheka .  newline newline the ghost took a more friendly stance  lets not be too hasty here  it started , a twinge of fear in its words.  no need to get the authorities involved .  newline newline newline vladimir meerly grunted . newline newline  i m sure we can come to an arrangement of sorts ...  the spirit began . newline newline vladimir held the bottle of vodka up towards it , sloshing the little remaining fluid expectantly  . newline newline  you ca nt be god damn serious  . newline newline  god is counterrevolutionary  vladimir countered through his cigarette newline newline newline edit : fixed some shitty tablet autocorrect .captain  s log , 2565.4.27 newline newline newline  sensors are detecting a vast fleet of unknown vessels currently 5.6 million kilometres from our colony , i  ve ordered the hercules and odysseus to recall all crewmen currently on the surface of the mclass planet recently settled . once up to full complement the vessels will be ordered to maintain a constant sweeping pattern 1 million kilometres from the planet . perseus will stay in dock at the colony but we will be ready should something occur.  newline newline newline captain  s log , 2565.4.29 newline newline newline  there  s still no contact from the alien ships but we have reason to believe 43 more vessels have joined the fleet . i heavily doubt this is a diplomatic mission . the perseus is being outfitted with enhanced shielding received in a data transmission from earth which i believe will be useful should the aliens prove to be hostile .  newline newline newline captain  s log , 2565.5.02 newline newline newline  we lost contact with the hercules and odysseus yesterday . 260 crewmen are labelled mia  130 per vessel . sensors indicate that the alien fleet is on the move towards us and that they are currently over 1,000 vessels strong . help from the home fleet is 5 years away at minimum and i fear that even they will not be able to stand up to this fleet.  newline newline newline captain  s log , 2565.5.03 newline newline newline  they  re here . only 5 ships  they obviously don  t want to waste their resources on such a small vessel . well the perseus isn  t going down without a fight.  newline newline newline red alert . shields up . reroute all additional power to weapons and shields . prepare to fire . all orders issued by the captain in the few minutes prior to his death . the enemy was aligned in battle formation  a strange array of foreign ships constructed of an unknown material with superior advanced weaponry . slowly they advanced , neither them nor the perseus firing . both parties knew the assured outcome of the encounter but were reluctant to be the catalyst to the event . newline newline newline weapons fully charged on both sides . torpedoes ready to launch . shields at full capacity . newline newline newline determined to take down at least one enemy vessel , the perseus targeted the central ship  the largest one which the captain presumed held their senior officer . he knew however , that their weaponry would be unable to penetrate the trifold shielding . newline newline newline  it  s been an honour everyone . mr trent , fire all we that we  ve got . target their bridge.  newlinethere was a piano in the middle of the train station . though it was kept firmly under lock and key during rush hour  the staff complained of not being able to hear people over the music , as if the roaring of half a dozen trains were not five times as loud  , it saw plenty of use . a hideous proposal for those commuters still trying to cage the demon hangovers , the sound of music was a constant feature in those icy mornings . the quality of said music varied wildly , of course , with younger children favouring the  mash it hard  school of pianism . some people did , however , know how to play . whether it was to show off , practice a new piece in front of a crowd , or simply because the muse was impossible to shake , people would invariably find themselves drawn to the instrument . newline newline i do nt think i wanted to show off , really . it was more about playing in a new environment , on a new instrument . the large interior of the train station gave each piece a peculiar resonance , and the constant ambient sounds of the bustling public travel hotspot lent the music a strange sense of power . there was a sense of having made an impact on the world , however small . today , the soundtrack was you . newline newline it was early march , and i had been practicing for my upcoming exams . it was after a particularly uneven rendition of chopin s waltz in b minor  op . 69 , no . 2  that an elderly woman congratulated me for  making the world that bit more beautiful .  how my neck was able to support my head , now enlarged to three times its normal size , i will never know . i was nt particularly talented  and i m still not  , but people never really seemed to notice . it was absurdly pleasing to receive praise from strangers , and that s definitely part of the reason i made the little 10 minute performance part of my morning routine . newline newline having music exams  or any performance , not that i made a point of giving any  in winter is always quite stressful , particularly early on in the day . if you do nt arrive early enough , your hands wo nt have time to warm up properly before you play . cold muscles are stiff , and you ll be lucky if you sound half as good as you did in rehearsal . it was three days before my exam  in front of the head of department , an added pressure i found to be absolutely unnecessary  , and my hands were like blocks of frozen ham . i was en route to the university , and sat down to play a piece at the piano . it was the fugue from the very famous  toccata and fugue in d minor  , attributed often to bach , though it has never actually been confirmed . halfway through , i realize that it is not memorized as well as it might have been  not that i was to perform it  , and so gave up midphrase and went to catch my train . as i was walking towards the platform , i hear music . a fugue , the very same one i had been playing . from the same bar . no , from the same beat of the same bar . and it sounded good . much better than what i had been playing moments before . looking back , i saw a young woman , perhaps early twenties , hunched over the thing . fulfilling that tried and true pianist stereotype , her hair was wild and unkempt , covering most of her face . she was thin as a rail . i felt a strange mix of contempt , envy , and admiration . newline newline my exams went as well as can be expected , b s across the board . with the primary motivator now lifted , i ceased to practice with such fervor . i always had lacked discipline , musically . it was june before i heard her play again . a scriabin etude , and a monstrously ugly one at that . she played it well , though . as well as anyone could , at least . never having had the intention of even so much as touching a piece of scriabin , i hopped on my train with nary a thought about it . a day out in lewes provided all the charms that the south coast of england had at its disposal , and i arrived back on the 5 pm train . the woman was , bafflingly , still at the piano . now though , she was playing a particularly saccharin clair de lune to a small but devoted crowd , a few of whom were actually filming the performance on their phones . i had been gone for perhaps 8 hours , had she been there the whole time ? desperately curious at this point , i thought about maybe trying to catch her between pieces , to ask her what her story was . there was an incredibly deeply ingrained instinct within me , however , to see confident musicians not as people , but as looming , talented , gargoyles . i could not find within me even the merest shred of courage that it would have taken to casually strike up conversation . after the piece ended , i left . newline newline i had just finished the 2nd year of a 3 year undergrad degree , and so my summer was almost obscenely long , and thoroughly unoccupied . i really had no reason to be commuting anywhere  after all , brighton is home to all manner of cultural happenings , why would anyone need to travel ?  , but i still found myself visiting the station a few times a week . sometimes i told myself that a day out in london was due , but it never came about . sometimes she was nt there . usually she was . the repertoire at her disposal was mindboggling in its breadth . she could go from a frenzied liszt sonata straight into a passacaglia by handel without giving you time to breathe . she was ferocious , even her pianissimo had a kind of fractious energy to it . the piano had been played for so long for so many people , it had started to fall out of tune . it was almost surreal , hearing purcell played on an instrument like that . she made it work though , all the while hunched over like the picture of a virtuoso , all dramatic gestures and tangles of hair . every day , i felt as though i ought to try talking to her . even to make some kind of comment affirming her ability to create nice music . i did nt though . it was strange , the power that the almost imperceptible taboo of engaging a total stranger in conversation could hold over me . would nt it be strange ? newline newline as term started again , i remember dreading my class on  electroacoustic composition  . it sounds extremely cool , i know , but really it s just a fancy way of saying  let s learn how to use cubase and record some stuff in the forest  . i wanted to play the piano . at least , i thought i did . i never had gotten back into the practice routine . in the first and second year , performance classes were mandatory , but in the third and final year i had opted to take the theoreticalcompositional route , which meant i did nt have to play in front of anyone  a great mercy for someone of my nervous disposition .  it also meant i did nt have to practice . i had also stopped the impromptu train station performances . newline newline something i learned about musicians during this time , is that the good ones  that is , the really good ones  are completely and utterly absorbed by music . now , i m worried you ll hear that and think  they really like music  . no , they are completely and utterly absorbed .  a serious musician will spend perhaps 4 hours a day practicing . they will attend rehearsals , which will account for some of this time . they will attend performances , which will account for none of it . they will research their instruments , discuss their instruments , compare composers , pieces , techniques , talk at length about any and all musical minutia , and socialize primarily with other musicians , with whom they also work . it is a true vocation , and there is little room for much else . if you are a serious musician , you are that and that alone . to me , it always felt quite desolate . when you go from being a young adult who plays music , to being an old adult who plays music , the fundamental need to generate income based on your talents  not that  talent  is a word that should ever be used to describe a musician ,  skill  always struck me as far more fitting , something that one develops themselves  adds a huge amount of pressure to the whole thing . it sucks out the life and soul of the music you re engaging with . you cease to be an artist , and you are viewed largely as a commodity . you re no longer  jane  , you re  violin  , you re no longer  harry  , you re  trombone  . poor harry . newline newline or did i really think any of that ? sometimes it s hard to tell . today , she was playing chopin s nocturne in eb major  op . 9 , no . 2  . a real crowd pleaser , that one . it was one of the pieces that i was most confident with , being fairly straightforward amongst chopin s nocturnes . it was a warm autumn evening , and through the old , dusty , windows , the low red sun scattered light over the station . her hair was still over her face . she played with the same energy i might expect from a debut performance at a prestigious venue , even though there was almost nobody there to hear but me . my degree was almost over , and though i did nt know it at the time , i would stop playing the piano shortly afterwards . why had i not spoken to her ? the first time she had completed the piece i had cut short , i took it as an affront , a personal challenge . was that cynical ? i still do nt know . did she love music more than i did ? was that why i had lapsed so thoroughly ? what did nt i understand ? newline newline  hi . they look at me with wide , doubled eyes . squared in more than one aspect . a hint of anticipation , a hint of fear , a lot of unknown .  where  s your other ?  they would ask , and ask , and ask . newline newline my mom told me not to mind them , when i was younger . i was born that way , you see . she and my auntie would take me to daycare  drop me off to the two familiar faces that ran the place . i would listen as two hushed whispers gave one message , and watch as both nannies accepted the truth with the same expression . they would tell me to playmingle , with the others . they don  t know how hard it is to talk to someone that  s not yourself . newline newline i , the lonely one , grew . i watched as my birthdays were celebrated with just one cake , just one set of candles , and as i grew older , i began to understand why the song was just so different for me . nervous exchanges between the eyes : first to siblings , then to friends , and finally to me , as they stalled the missing syllables in the third line of the song . and i , the birthday girl , beamed back the big smile . never , i thought , did they ever bring it up . newline newline i  m grown up now . they stare at me , as i walk by . a lone girl in business casual : walking alone , speaking to no onejust staring straight ahead . they have no qualms now about asking me where my other is . newline newline i , the lonely one , look back and simply smile . admiral ,  the secondary helmsman s voice echoed across the bridge .  port authority s welcoming us through the checkpoint . eta ten minutes to dock .  newline newline here we go .  newline newline the mood on the ship had been tense since we had left the drydock . the ins luminous had been sent out , as all ships had been , to discover other forms of life in the galaxy . the stage had been set and we had laid claim to the final frontier . during the mission , each rotation had been furiously competing against each other , hoping that their shift would be the ones to discover sentient life . newline newline six months of searching resulted in the number of potential planets left being narrowed from fivehundred to onefifty . newline newline three months later , that number had dwindled down to thirteen . newline newline the ins luminous was the flagship of admiral jacques collier , head of the solar fleet , and had been ordered by the security council to personally oversee the scan of the remaining planets to confirm that the scans had been done correctly and completely . newline newline  and we never found a fucking thing .  i muttered . newline newline  ensigns ,  i called out , looking down at the main bridge floor below his platform .  get us settled in , and then wait five minutes until the ship has settled to inform the assembly of our approach ,  understood ?  newline newline both ensigns at the helm turned to offer me a salute before firing off the main engines . by that time , i had let go of the handrail , and began to walk down the hallways that would take me to my quarters . conversation was necessary , as it seemed . newline newline   newline newline the doors of my private quarters slid open with a hiss upon his approach , and locked behind me with a solid thunk . newline  ripley ,  i called out ,  connect to the admiralty channel , and then divert a third of the ship s remaining power to orangelevel lockdown procedures .  newline newline  as you wish , admiral .  the ai s masculine voice acknowledged my command and began the process . the only thing i noticed was that my title , which had normally filled me with a sense of pride , hung like a heavy rope around my neck . newline newline the cool tones of one of the assistance ais chirped , and i set my datapad down on the table before giving my full attention to the comms station , now displaying the holographic heads of the other five members of the admiralty . newline newline the five admirals waited with baited breath , and i took the small opportunity i had to compose myself . thirty seconds passed , then a minute . finally two minutes had passed and the tense silence was broken . newline newline  well ? get on with it !  antonio salinas  hispanic accent crackled along the interstellar connection . newline newline  we never found anything .  the forms of everyone in the room deflated . quite visibly , in fact . newline newline  well ,  began alexa novikov . newline  we knew going into this that it was a really high possibility .  finished emilie kirsch , glancing at the now frowning form of fumio torii . newline newline  what do you plan on doing , admiral ?  charles asked . newline newline running . leaving this entire system behind and heading to some backwater colony in orion .  newline newline  i m taking a shuttle down to new york , where i ll brief the members of the security council . although by this point , it s probably snowballed into the general assembly and everyone with a working television .  newline newline by now i was talking directly to admiral decker , although my eyes still roamed everyone else s face . newline newline  i just wanted to tell you all first , in case ...  i trailed off . newline newline  in case someone decides to start the first galactic war while you re planetside .  i nodded back at fumio . newline newline  yeah . consider it a fair warning .  newline newline charles nodded back at me , before motioning that he was going to cut the connection to the group . newline newline  good luck then , admiral . we ll see you shortly , i imagine .  i nodded in reply , and then ended the connection myself . newline newline ripley lowered the lockdown by one security level , and i exited my quarters , striding purposefully down to the hangar bay to catch my shuttle . newline newline i never actually got around to watching planet of the apes ...  newlineit was unlike me to hit on a random girl in a bar . newline newline then again , it was nt like me to get this drunk at a bar . newline newline but today was different . that silly lena just have to break with me in the same day as i m fired from my company . well , i should ve listened to them when they said she was moneycrazed girl . newline newline anyway , this girl had a peculiar green eyes , never really seen one in my life , everyone else is browneyed in this city so that green eyes was just , mesmerizing me . newline newline  hey , in for a drink ?  she was nt holding any drink yet . annoyingly , she was ignoring me . newline newline  hey dude , another shot for me .  maybe she did nt drink ? then why the heck was she here ? newline newline  you ... could see her ?  the red haired girl that i ve completely ignored for last fifteen minutes suddenly asked me as the bartender handed me my drink . newline newline  yea lil  girl i could see quite clearly , i m drunk not blind .  newline newline  but , she was ... .  newline newline  are you even eighteen , missy ? if you are then go get your drink and stop bugging me , if you are nt then get the hell outa here , do nt want problem with underaged girls .  newline newline  no , you do nt understand , you were nt supposed to see her , no one should be , no one ever be ... .  newline newline  look , miss .  i gulped my shot of vodka  i do nt want to know what are you rambling bout , but why wo nt you just mind your own business ?  newline newline  are you by any chance looking at a girl with short blond hair and green eyes ?   newline newline  are you by any chance mocking me ?  i was getting more and more annoyed . newline newline  no one else should be able to see her , because in fact , she did nt exist ! she was just my imagination ! she was tat imaginary friend you got when you suffer through traumatic childhood , a proof of insanity !  newline newline  now you re both rude and annoying , look , i could forgive you calling me insane , everyone is when they lost both their job and their girlfriend , but calling her a proof of insanity is just insensitive .  newline newline  look at this , bubblehead .  i could clearly see that she was as annoyed as i did , but i did nt care , someone had to tell her that there are things you should nt do even when drunk . newline newline but my mind went blank when she stabbed the greeneyed girl with a fork , embedding the entire fork , handle and all , right down her chest . newline newline i almost screamed when i noticed something was amiss . there was no blood , in fact , the fork passed through her like passing through a fog , an illusion made to be broken . newline newline  wha  newline newline something red was dripping on my chest , a ragged hole torn in my black polo shirt . newline newline and then everything went dark . aw , you got ta be kidding me . get out , man ,  bertie growled , as yet another guy with a few too many scars tried to tell him to follow someone else . two weeks on the job , and he was ready to tear his hair out . newline newline  what am i , a human bloodhound on wheels ? get bent , mate .  newline newline the guy stared disbelievingly at bertie , his giant hands curled into fists .  you do nt understand ! my little boy , he was just kidnapped ...  newline newline  oh , yeah , sure ,  bertie sneered , crossing his arms as he refused to move his taxi out of the parking lot .  and i bet you re also a mobster whose partner has run off with a large sum of money , or a detective closing in on a serial killer , or , or ...  newline newline  look , i know this sounds like every bad movie you ve ever seen , but seriously  someone grabbed my alex . someone who i know wo nt hesitate to kill him . will you just drive , already , i ll pay you anything !  newline newline  tell it to some other asshole , will you ? i ve had enough .  as a warning , he showed the guy the knife he kept concealed in his sleeve . never hurt to prepare for the crazies that seemed to fill this city . newline newline the man gave a strangled cry of fury . his eyes were bloodshot , crazy with rage . quite convincing . newline newline  you ll regret this , i promise you . i have your number ,  he hissed at bertie , before jumping out of the taxi and running to flag down another . newline newline bertie smoked furiously in the car , making rude gestures to people who tried to get in . he d kept this to himself , so far , but this was too much . if he did nt vent , he d explode . he sighed and called his best friend , nathan . talking it out would make him feel better . after making small talk , he got to the point . he had to bounce this off someone , just to be sure he was nt losing his damn mind . perhaps all his marbles had finally rolled out of the building . newline newline  nate , you would nt believe the day i ve had ... no , make that weeks . i m getting ready to quit this gig . i know i always wanted to drive a taxi in new york , but seriously , this is ridiculous   newline newline he heard peels of laughter from nathan , and suddenly understood . newline newline  it was you , was nt it ? you goddamn cocksucker , you sent some strangers to make my life a living hell ?  newline newline  i m sorry , man , i could nt resist ! you like those corny movies so much , it was perfect . look , do nt be mad , it was just a joke among the guys . we ve stopped sending em a few days ago , anyway . your rides will be smooth from now on .  newline newline  oh , yeah ? what about that crazy guy just now , supposedly after his kidnapped son ?  newline newline there was a beat of silence . newline newline  what man ? no , seriously , bert , we did nt send anyone after the detective ...  newline newline  do nt give me that shite   bertie began , but was interrupted by the cold press of a gun against his neck . someone reached in and grabbed his phone , and smashed it . he felt his arm being jerked forward . it was the man from before , looking quite deranged . he removed bertie s knife and tossed it next to the scattered remains of his cellphone . newline newline  my boy s dead . dead ,  he said coldly , jamming the gun painfully into bertie s neck .  all of you who made this happen will bleed . starting with you .  newline newline  woah , hey , mister method actor , this is taking things too far ,  bertie spluttered .  jesus , go to acting school already , but stop targeting me , i m sick of it !  newline newline bertie saw the crazy glint in the man s iceblue eyes sparkle , and felt his stomach drop . newline newline  oh , you re not acting ,  he said , and tried to smile at the man . he seemed to have forgotten how .  that s a shame about your boy . it s a funny story , really , why i would nt help you ... see , my friends ...  newline newline  keep talking , asshole ,  the man said , climbing into the car . he shoved bertie over as he slid behind the wheel .  we re going for a ride , you and i. i want to have a more private conversation about how hilarious my son s death is . they bounced , then settled . neil and ed looked at each other . both said  not it  but ed managed to get his finger to his nose half a second faster . newline newline they looked out the window of the small hut that brought them here . who would have thought using the outhouse as a boat to get them here would work . sure , they had to throw mike overboard halfway there to make weight , but , they were pretty sure they could pick him back up on the way back . newline newline they shivered . ed , from the buzz of excitement , and neil from the cold feet from having to go first . both figuratively , and literally . he had forgot to bring his good boots , and the shoes he had on were soaked . newline newline it was bright outside . a stark landscape . nothing like back home with its blues and greens . here everything was just gray . luckily , they had brought something to mark that they were here . just a bit of cloth . but it would make it theirs . it would fade with time , sure , but no one could say they did nt come . newline newline so neil stepped out ... bounded really . he felt gigantic , and humble.. and wanted to say something . he had just the right thing in mind , and then missed a word when he said it out loud . commander jung ! the terra team has completed containment of the final quadrant of the breach . the monsters are ready to be exterminated so we can begin repair work on the wall . our scouts report roughly 60 titans in the one square mile surrounding the breach.  newline newline commander jung  s boots hit the dusty floor with a sharp thud as he rose from his favorite drinking place . he could often be found in this particular shadowed corner of a rundown outer city bar . he was a monster of a man , nearly seven feet tall at full height . his hair grew in a wild mane down to his broad shoulders , but his beard had been shaved down to a grizzled shadow framing his jaw . they say it was once a magnificent thing , back when jung was still a general working within the palace as a member of the council of five . women would flock to him , just to stroke his manly beard . just a touch could send a woman to heaven . those lucky enough to run their hands through its glory were said to immediately become pregnant . with triplets . but everything changed when the titans attacked . newline newline for the first time in recorded history , the outer wall of ba sing se had been breached . when jung heard the news , he cheeks became wet with sorrow and he tore his peerless beard out from the roots , swearing upon his ancestors that never again would he feel the warmth of a woman , until every last invader had been driven from the city and exterminated . he then marched straight out to the breach and began slaughtering the monsters almost as fast as they could pour through the breach . for seven days and seven nights , jung battled the titans without food or rest . the guards tell stories of his battles , of how he was once swallowed by a massive titan , only to burst from its neck in a shower of gore , the monster  s spine dangling from his hands . but jung was no fool . he saw that , despite his bloody crusade , the titans continued to plunge mindlessly into the city . on the eighth day , jung withdrew from the battlefield . newline newline he gathered together all the forces of ba sing se , and with a mind like a crouching dragon he came up with a plan : the outer city would be divided into sectors by earthbending teams . jung would then enter a contained sector and destroy all the monsters within . the men who heard this brilliant plan rejoiced , but jung only shook his head and told them to get to work . newline newline after six gruesome weeks , the titans were at last pushed back to the final sector . once it was cleared , earthbending teams could begin to repair the wall . this was the moment jung had been waiting for . newline newline  newline newline continued below .the doorbell rang . finally the pizza was here . my friends and i had been drinking since clocking off at 5pm after working 8 hours hard labour for the same arsehole of a boss , and now 6 hours later we were all feeling the need for food . fred got up and staggered drunkenly down the hallway to the door kicking over a few empty beer bottles on his way . the rest of us , myself , charlie and rob , sat around trying to decide what show to binge on netflix next . newline newline newline  uh lads ?  he shouted from the door  this guy say  s he needs 300 . how much did you all order ?  me and the others looked around at each other puzzled . we  d only ordered two large ones , how could thae come to 300 ? they must had gotten the order wrong so i went to join fred out in the hall way and get this cleared up . at this point i was hungry and drunk and really couldn  t be arsed with an argument right now . the man who stood at the door definitely wasn  t the pizza guy . for start he wasn  t some spotty teen but a guy around six feet tall wearing an ankle length black leather jacket and a cowboy hat . newline newline  look stop messing me around  the guy says  i got a call about an order and now i  m here to deliver . now i  m gon na need paying or i  m gon na have to take something from one of you worth more than 300  fred burst out laughing while i was still pretty confused by the whole situation  the 9 or so pints of beer i  d already had weren  t helping much  newline  c  mon  fred slurred  who put you up to  this ? was it charlie ? charlie ! you dickhead , is this you ?  newline newline newline by this point the cowboy at my front door started getting irate . he pushed my and fred backwards towards the living room and shoved us hard onto the unoccupied sofa .  look you little shits  he snarled at us  i  ve been called up to carry out a job and i  m not ready to have my time dicked around by a bunch of drunken idiots . now you  re gon na tell me who i  m hitting , hand over the 300 and i  ll be on my way  newline newline newline finally the penny dropped in each of us and we realised what this guy was . my friends and i looked around at each other , mouths agape . there was only one way out of this mess and so rarely does an opportunity like this come along . so . who did we want to kill the most ? newline newline newline newlinei didn  t want to be here . no one did . there was sand everywhere , it was hot as fuck , and you couldn  t get a decent burger anywhere .  be all you can be !  they said .  pay for your college by serving your country.  i took the bait hook , line , and sinker . now i  m stuck in this shithole counting down the days until i can finally have a good meal and a warm bed . who the fuck gives a 19 year old a gun anyways ? i  m probably the most irresponsible mother fucker on the planet and the army decides that it  s a great idea to load me up with an m16a4 that shoots 45mm nato rounds , a m9 beretta , and all the m67 frag grenades i could throw . newline newline newline i just wanted to go to college without burdening my mom . she worked too hard raising me by herself when my  father  was off  working late  at the office . fasfa said that my father made too much money to qualify for financial aid , and i was not crawling back to him for a handout . my mom cried when i told her that i was enlisting in the army . she was worried about the war going on , which was sensible . i sat her down and explained the gi bill , and how she wouldn  t have to worry about working to put me through college anymore . she begged my father to talk to me , but i tore his check up and gave him a big  fuck you  as i left for basic . newline newline newline i heard a slight knocking on the glass window of my humvee . it was my sergeant , chris . he was 22 with a face that looked 16 , but he was still my superior . his eyes squinted behind his smudged cokebottle glasses .  what you doing there bud ?  he asked . he looked concerned . i don  t blame him . when a pfc locks himself in a humvee with nothing but a tac vest and combat helmet on it normally raises some alarms . i just wanted some time to myself . newline newline newline  thinking  i replied . the answer didn  t seem to sit well with chris . newline  about what buddy ?  his voice wavered a little .  you know you don  t have to do this right ? why don  t you just come out of the car and we can talk about it ?  newline newline newline there was nothing to talk about at that point . kids . they were fucking kids chris . i don  t care why we were there , but the kids had no part in this . i didn  t sign up for that . i  d rather flip burgers for the rest of my life in bumfuck nowhere than involve kids in this . it  s not like i  d have a job after this anyways . once i step out of the car i  m going straight to the psych ward at tripler for a medical discharge . no one wants a 19 year old with ptsd in their classes , so college is now out of the question . newline newline newline i flicked the safety on my beretta . this seemed to get chris  attention . he started to panic and bang on the window . please don  t look chris  i don  t need you to remember me like this .  i took off my helmet and held the beretta to my forehead . quick , easy , right through . i looked up at chris . he knew . i knew . newline newline newline tell my mom i died in combat . tell my dad to fuck himself . newlinehey , my thing is i like to describe your practice to you based on what i see . this way you get to decide whether that s what you were going for or if an audience member is completely missing the point . pointing and saying ,  that s wrong  leaves a bad taste in my mouth . newline newline  newline newline you re a a teller of brick fables : fairytales that are meant to be told to adults and kids in 2015 . there is a message in all of them but it s not vital to the enjoyment of the story . newline newline none of it s topheavy , you have a nice way of inviting people in by not being too complicated in your first few lines . your characters are perfectly simple , playing with broad ideas that audiences can easily inhabit . the perfectly simple compliment can be carried over to the structure , nothing is here needlessly . you are interested how people think and the subtle way s in which they fight . newline newline my favorite thing about you is your pullback and reveal , a lot of times when people flip the meaning of a story they are too breif or they explain too much . you give the audience exactly what they need so they can apply what happened to their own lives . that s harder to do than it looks . newline newline you do however rely on speech for dialogue , you have a few beautiful moments where they speak via action but they are few . if i had to guess i d say you did nt want these to have any double meanings . you are in the game of elegant storytelling and that may have gotten in the way . i do believe however you would be good at talking through action . play with the geography , objects , wardrobe , the setting . i d love to see what you can do with them . newline newline after that , on dialogue . your good at giving us a sense of who these people are in little clues . everything i read seemed like it s something an actual human being would say , but better than that it seems like something these people would say . this goes back to what i said about them being perfectly simple . newline newline aside from that , there is nothing else i can think to say . i really enjoyed this . be proud dude .4000 b.c . newline newline a new dawn broke as the chieftain abraham lincoln , got up from his bed to lead the american people . they were a small tribe , but they were eager to work to achieve a manifest destiny . the village of washington , d.c. quaint and peaceful this morning , but lincoln had visions of war and conquest , of research and space exploration , and cows .  lots of cows ,  he mumbled to himself . he ordered the lone american warrior to map out the surrounding countryside to contact other peoples to conquer and the lone american worker to start farming while he gathered the tribal elders together .  i am commissioning you as the american scientific council . your first task is to experiment with the nearby cows in the grassland . find some combination to put cows together to make new cows . we ll create a special method for this and call it animal husbandry . i have a feeling male and male will work well . start with that .  newline newline 3200 b.c . newline newline a big day in american history . generations had come and gone , but chieftain lincoln remained . after centuries of painstaking research , the american scientific council had discovered that by putting a female cow with a male bull in a pen together , they could raise new cows .  hmmmmm . so it was nt male and male after all . seems just like humans ... .  lincoln thought . luckily , nobody in the tribe was old enough to remember that . he then had the tribe research mining .  there s gold in those hills nearby . we can use that to power our research if we can get it out of the ground ,  he was saying , just as the warrior ran into his throne room . newline newline  we ve made contact with a new civilization ! the egyptians !  he exclaimed , as he ran into the room panting . newline newline after confirming the egyptians were , in fact , not just another barbarian tribe , lincoln ordered the egyptian scout to take him to their leader , a strange man with a beard a funny hat . newline newline  i am ramses ii of egypt , son of osiris , the god king , ruler of all nations  he said in a solemn voice . lincoln bristled at ramses  arrogance and clenched his fists , but he played nice and decided to be friends for the time being . newline newline  call me abe ,  he said , and sent ramses home . newline newline  we ll bring freedom to the egyptians yet ,  he thought , as the egyptian walked away .  lots of freedom .  newline newline 2000 b.c . newline newline the american empire had expanded to build the city of new york to access bronze , which it had discovered after inventing mining . lincoln looked at the charts of the continent . it was only the americans and the egyptians here . he traveled to the outskirts of thebes , where he had assembled his army . he had to yell far to talk to all of them , as they were quite spread out .  one unit per tile ! what is this bullshit ? ! ?  he muttered to generals washington , as washington eyed incredulously . clearly , he had no idea what lincoln was talking about , but he cowered before his tall , imposing visage and better teeth . newline newline  four score and seven years ago , plus many , many more years before that , our forefathers sent out a lone warrior to find other peoples . that city over there is thebes , and ramses has weapons of mass destruction . let s bring american freedom over there !  newline newline the axemen roared and charged in . thebes was caught unawares , and ramses had not founded any new cities . american spies had intelligence that he had instead whipped his slaves to death in order to build a giant tomb he called  pyramids .  warriors and archers alike fell before the edge of american axes , as they approached the city without casualties , but as they neared , a terrifying sound came from the walls as an evil construct driven by horses came charging out .  a war chariot !  general washington exclaimed . after many axemen gave their lives by throwing their bodies in the chariot wheels  path , the chariot finally stopped and they chopped it to pieces . the americans gave a shout . lincoln surveyed the new american city of thebes and its people .  we need to embrace our new little brown brothers ,  he said with a smile .  general washington , you ve acquitted yourself well . i m going to put your face on our money , and to integrate the egyptians into our society , let s culturally appropriate the pyramids by putting them on our money too .  lincoln climbed the pyramids with washington and surveyed the land . newline newline washington smiled broadly with pride .  a vast continent , and it is all yours , chieftain . from sea to shining sea .  newline newline a glimmer of hope shone in chieftain lincoln s eyes .  yes , a vast continent for now , but i have a feeling that it is actually quite small . we should build our empire and make vessels to send our men to find more people to bring freedom to . and i hope that one day , we can research a new way to live so that our slaves can be free , somehow . and stop grinding your teeth . we ll have to invent dentures a thousand years early at this rate .  newline newline throwawayiquit newline newline please let me know if this is worth continuing . newline newline edit : wow , i m surprised some people liked this that much . for more similar stories , google  civilization king of the world  newline newline this post was inspired by a really creative guy who was also really good at civ newline newline part ii : newline newline https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments5hntzuwpnarrateagameofcivilizationasthoughitdb1vwklwhen i saw my new coworker , i first felt confused , then a little scared . you see , i have some kind of sixth sense that makes me know when will be the last time that i will see somebody , it never s fails , and by the years i have learned to live with it . newline newline but this time things were different . my new coworker , ryan , was just a boy in his 20 s , and i expected my sixth sense to say when would he be fired , like 1 month to 4 years . however it told me that the last time that i would see him was today , in exactly 10 minutes . i have never sensed something like that . newline newline  hello , my name s ryan , and you are fred , right ?  he said to me , pulling me out of my thoughts . newline newline  hum , y yes , ah.. nice to met you ryan . newline newline  are you alright ?  he asked kindly with a smile  you seem a little nervous . newline newline i tried to stay calm . newline newline  oh , me ? i m sorry , i was thinking about..   about you being dead in exactly 8 minutes   ..a movie that i saw yesterday . i could nt sleep well because of it . newline newline  it must have been a very scary movie then .  he said , while looking at the clock above the coffee machine .  ... in 7 minutes we must go to the boss office . right ? newline newline  yes.. are you nervous about that ?  i asked , because he started to seem very serious while looking at the clock . newline newline  no ... not much .  he said , then looked at me and started smiling again .  it just that i feel that this will be a great work ! newline newline then we started talking about other stuff , i tried not to think about the sense , but it was useless , i was very worried , because i was sure that he would die somehow , it was the only way that he disapeared from my life forever in 2 minutes . newline newline  well , we should start moving .  he said and i agreed . newline newline when we arrived to the boss office , peter , our boss , welcomed us and invited us to sit . 1 minute . he was talking but i could nt pay attention , my hearth started rushing . 50 seconds . suddenly , ryan got up and pulled out a pistol from the back of his pants . newline newline  what t.. a burst , a scream , a window shattering . ryan killed him . ryan killed my boss in front of me . i panicked and ran away , but it was too late , another burst and a great pain on my leg . i felt on the ground .  i m going to die !  i tried to stand up when somebody opened the door in front of me . more gun shoots . i crawled to the door trying to escape to safety , but when the shoots stopped a guard told me to stay still and started attending me . i was still on shock , could nt do anything more than answer questions . i looked at my boss desk , there was blood , and a body on the floor in front of the desk . ryan s body . then , more people entered the office and could nt see the body anymore . newline newline 0 seconds left . newline newline pd : be gentle please , it s my first time , it s 4 am and english is not my native languagekurt sat at his computer , typing the day away . the fiftypage report was due to be sent into the planetary decadal survey early tomorrow morning . the plan called for a fleet of twelve miniature satellites to drop twelve miniature landers onto the martian surface , but there was tough competition . he had to make the case for his research team if they wanted the goahead to proceed . otherwise , two years of research and fifteen million dollars in concept studies would turn out to have been completely worthless . newline newline six oclock came and he saved the file , removed his flash drive from the computer , and left the building . it was chilly outside , and already dark  winter was fast approaching , and there was already that scent in the air that comes before the first snow of the season . he climbed into his car , shut the doors , started the engine , and took off down the highway . he turned the music up loud , but did nt really feel like singing along . newline newline after awhile , kurt pulled off the highway and drove through his quaint little town . brightlylit storefronts and restaurants lined the road , all filled with people going about their nights . as always , the liquor store was packed . he stopped for gas  it was even colder here , away from the city , and a few early flurries danced down from the dark sky above through the bright spotlights at the gas station . tank filled , he got back into the warm car and continued home . now he would nt need to stop in the morning . newline newline kurt pulled into the driveway of his home and left the car , locking it with the keys . outside of the small circle of dim light from the florescent bulb above his front door , the yard was dark . there was an eerie silence , as if the night was listening to him , waiting for him to do something . not wanting to frighten himself , kurt quickly ran to and unlocked the front door . the cat was quick to greet him , leaping into his arms and purring loudly before he could even take his coat off . newline newline kurt smiled as he pet the cat , asleep on his lap , in the privacy of his own home . the tv was on in the background , quiet but loud enough to drown out whatever unidentifiable noises might come from the outdoors . an empty bowl , recently filled with pasta , sat on the coffee table in front of him  the smell of tomato sauce still lingered in the air . the pipes creaked as the heater kicked in , combating the dropping temperature outdoors , and the cat woke at the noise with annoyance . newline newline kurt set the cat down , brushed his teeth , and went to bed . the cat slept right next to him , curled up in a perfect little ball of warmth . he shut his phone down completely  he did nt want to be bothered with lastminute texts from work , and the sunrise would surely wake him . he was nt particularly tired , but there was simply nothing to do . there was nothing on tv or the internet that was of any real interest , it was all just pointless filler . newline newline alone with his thoughts , kurt pondered the meaning of life , or , as it often seemed , the lack of meaning . this was existence . you re educated to get a job , then you work until you re physically and mentally incapable , then you rot in some home until you die . he was one of the lucky ones  his job actually advanced the future of mankind . or so he kept telling himself . between the bureaucracy and immense waste of funds , getting things done was so difficult . he wondered if life felt more meaningful back in the old days , the times his parents had taught him about as a child . but emotion was terrible to people  they did horrible things to each other , and to themselves , simply because of their foolish attachments to other people . newline newline there was a loud noise on the roof , which brought kurt back instantly from the edge of sleep . the cat shifted beside him . it was probably just another branch from the spruce tree out front . he needed to get that taken care of before the whole thing fell on his house . not that it would necessarily be a bad thing , if it took him quickly , of course . he rolled over , hugged the cat , and drifted off into a deep but not quite rejuvenating sleep .something about her drew him in . he stalked the streets , performed his duty , ushered the souls , but always he ended up at her side . mortimer was in love , but the one he loved was blind to him . so , he told himself he would wait for her time to come , and he would confess his love , and she would stay between with him . not quite on the other side of death , nor the other side of life . neither here nor there , but together still . newline newline his love was so that , on late autumn evenings , before the sun sunk behind the glass towers , he trailed her . when she passed a bed of flowers he ran his scythe along them and made their colors more vibrant . mortimer  s tall sullen figure would further wilt when she didn  t notice . but , still he followed expressing his love in the only way his situation allowed . newline newline now , it  s known that some species of animal have keen enough eyes to see between . it  s why the crow squawks over corpses , and why the cat seems to see what isn  t there . it  s also why her dog , seven , snarled and snapped at mortimer . newline newline  good boy .  mortimer would say .  i  m not going hurt you . scouts honor . though , i  m not quite a scout , am i ?  he trailed off , often thinking out loud . loneliness does that to a person  even if they were the acting embodiment of death , with all of the powers that come with the title . newline newline one winter day , the girl , winnie , made her way to the train station , her red scarf stark against white snow . mortimer followed . he knew that it was the day , and wasn  t yet sure he could bear to go through with it . the screeching tires , and the man who paid little attention , were on their way . today , winnie would meet her end and mortimer would meet his love . newline newline winnie stopped at a bench , and tried to settle seven , who was yipping at mortimer . mortimer sat beside winnie . she shivered . he wrapped her in his flowing cloak , and , though it wasn  t physically in her world , it warmed and comforted her . newline newline  soon you  ll see me .  mortimer whispered .  i only hope your feelings are the same .  newline newline seven tired of trying to alert his companion to the spooky figure that sat with her , and laid in the snow . newline newline  oh , no you don  t .  winnie said .  get up . we have a train to catch .  newline newline she stood and tugged seven  s leash until he got to his feet . the three of them walked the street leaving only two sets of tracks in the snow . newline newline  i know you can  t hear me , but i  m sorry for what is going to happen . it  s not my choice . fate decides these things . i just deliver you to the other side .  mortimer was genuine . he  d been acting as death for some two hundred years , but it always hurt him to do his job . the gods liked it that way  it  s why they chose him . the last thing they wanted was a death that enjoyed seeing the light of a life dissipate . newline newline winnie stood at a corner waiting for the sign to change . down the street , a man drove recklessly . he bounced on and off of the curb again and again . he neared the corner where winnie stood . she didn  t see him . his tires squealed , and crunched as they slid through the snow . over the curb he bounced again . winnie didn  t see . mortimer did . it was her time . newline newline just before impact , mortimer changed something . he knew he shouldn  t , but he could . it was within his power . time froze . newline newline deep in the pockets of his uniform , mortimer pulled two round watches . one read trace green , the other read winnie akimoto . winnie  s was stopped at midnight  mr. green  s a quarter to eleven . mortimer removed the backs of the watches . he wound winnie  s back to 8:15 pm , and wound mr. green  s to midnight . newline newline when time moved again , winnie found herself several feet back from where she  d been before . mr. green  s truck slammed into the thick pole that held up the street lights . the horn blared . newline newline  oh my god ! someone call an ambulance !  winnie yelled as she flung open the passengerside door . newline newline mortimer was already a half mile down the road . he walked with his head hung low . the gods would be angry , but his love was saved .most writers have to pay  with time or money  to get feedback other than  it was nice ,  so anyone serious would likely welcome it . of course , they re not all serious here , so , yeah , i d ask first . for example , whenever i post a prompt , i leave a blanket offer for feedback or criticism about anything posted in that prompt , but i always ask first before giving it . most want it , some some do nt . newline newline if you re really set on doing it , go after people writing longer pieces . they almost certainly want more constructive feedback , because they re usually building up to writing a novel or something . for the novelette contest running now , i offered detailed feedback for everyone in my voting group , and each of them who responded asked for it . newline newline and my grammar is awful , so imagine how they d appreciate that coming from someone who can actually put a proper sentence together ? newline newline in general , just posting  i liked it  or  it was interesting ,  and  would you like more detailed feedback ?  is enough . damian faulksworth . you are the son of athernax , the dragon riding vampire god .  my mom said . i gasped . gods were nt real . lian dropped down from the roof adjacent to us , her cat ears twitching . her long black hair made my abnormally pale skin flush and i felt my canines begin to extend . newline newline  damian , you re fangs !  lian gasped , her tail twitching .  they re extending ! that means  newline newline  yes , you and lian must get to the summer school for halfbloods and magical creatures  tm  !  mom shouted , branishing a shotgun .  i ll cover you two while you make a run for the bus run by hermes !  i swallowed a sob .  mom , you ca nt make me go !  lian grabbed my hand and pulled me across the street , out of the alleyway and into the biggest kiss of my life . our lips mashed together and i felt our tongue s battle in each other s mouths , like my sword fighting championships i d won the past . we disentangled ourselves from each other and gasped . newline newline  i love you .  lian said , her skin flush and red . i nodded .  i know , but i m a vampire demigod who rides dragons , we ca nt be together .  i said , looking away . lian giggled .  i m a 300 year old catgirl who can fly and breath fire . we were made for one another .  i smiled and grew my vampire wings , taking lian into my arms . we flew off into the night and never looked back . workin  nine to five , what a way to make a living ...  blaring on his headphones as he walks to work , rudy loved this song , it was how he got pumped for all of the holiday sales . he had worked his way up to team lead at best buy and was in charge of the electronics department . newline newline today , though , he was wandering the floor covering all areas of the store . his boss , terry , loved his enthusiasm and work ethic . he had never had an employee show up early every day with a pressed and clean uniform . not to mention , rudy s sales were unbelievable . jeff , and kenny , rudy s coworkers liked him well enough to his face but always talked about him behind his back . newline newline rudy never used his magical powers on the job , instead he used the time he had before each shift to enchant high priced items to lure customers to buy them . he also wore his enchanted nametag that only the scrugiest of people could say no to him . the spell was only broken when a customer said , ba humbug , which happened more than you would think . newline newline rudy always offered to work the floor during christmas . he decorated the store all by himself . no one understood how he did it . it was like he farted decorations . newline newline when it was nt christmas time he preferred the stock room . this allowed him more time to mentally prepare for the next christmas season .write about how their bodies are reacting . write it from a first person perspective , detailing like how your palms are sweaty and stuff . the best way that i find to write horror it to explore their mind . talk about how they are being blank or that how when you looked at them bile rose in your throat and you felt like you were going to throw up . there s not really a key to it , you just have to make the reader uncomfortable . like you could start it out innocent and go really dark or something . sorry i m not very on track , i m kinda writing this on the fly . but you just have to think about what makes you uncomfortable , or what in those photos make you uncomfortable and then detail that . make the reader put themselve in his shoes and like exactly how he feels . seems like the rumors were true calventius ,  said caius . newline newline imperator commander general caius barbatius cyricus of the 44th legionary forces surveyed the forested land as his ship approached . his navy group had eighty ships in it , with him at the helm of the flagship . he had roughly six thousand men , from all corners of the empire , under his command when he had launched from rome and had just under five thousand five hundred now . along with the soldiers , in a rather unorthodox move , he also had two thousand woman along : a mix of roman woman , gaelic woman , and others from all stretches of the empire . newline newline  a feat even greater than that of caesar s landfall in britannia , imperator ,  replied caius , his eyes glued to the fast approaching coastline , shining from the sun still high in the sky . newline newline  it is fortunate we arrive now  the salted air had began to test my patience . have the men prepare for disembarkation . have my armor and uniform readied .  caius turned to retire to his cabin . newline newline after caius left , another legionnaire approached calventius , a smile broad on his face .  sir , can you believe it ? juno has seen the sons of rome safely through the sea . much glory awaits us !  calventius turned to met the soldier s eyes then turned back to the coast . newline newline  juno has seen us here ,  he said .  but now we remain on our own .  newline newline  newline newline the coast had a small strip of beach before turning into grassland and then forests . once all sixty ships had disembarked , caius had them immediately head to the forest to begin chopping down trees for their lumber . he had gone through this routine countless times before on campaign . he felt it crucial to begin setting up a defensive position in case they were attacked . nine times of out ten it would be for naught . but that one in ten times would justify its cost completely . newline newline luckily for caius , this time there was nt any complaining from his soldiers . they knew there were in a distant land , far from rome and the support it could provide . who knew what terrors this land held . newline newline by nightfall , and at a frenetic pace , the men had managed to build a rudimentary camp . no defensive spikes or wooden palisades , but at least a circulartype camp which could carry orders from the center in a expedient fashion . in times of war , communication was as important as the spear . newline newline  the men are in high spirits , imperator ,  calventius reported . calventius stood inside caius  command tent as he gave his update .  i have it from the camp prefect that the men request that the ales and wines be distributed and a celebration be held in honor of juno.  caius stood near the large table in the center of the tent . on it was a massive blank sheet of papayas paper . newline newline  there shall be no celebration ,  informed caius bluntly , his eyes scanning the blank sheet . newline newline  imperator ,  calventius nodded his head in hesitancy ,  after such a long journey , perhaps it would not be out of line to have a celebration , a nod to the gods and a restrengthening of our connection with our troops.  newline newline  calventius ,  he went to grab a feather pen and dipped it in ink ,  if we are attacked while merry and drunk , our celebration will be short lived.  he carefully placed his newly wetted pen at the bottom center of the paper and began to write . newline newline  understood , sir . i will inform.  newline newline  after three days of fortification , and after proper scouting for both enemies and food sources , we will hold a celebration ,  caius said slowly , his writing almost finished . newline newline  understandable . it is a prudent choice.  calventius leaned over the table to see what caius had wrote . a smile began breaking on his face . newline newline  novae torrae ,  said caius , almost silently . newline newline  newline newline  finally !  tiberius said , throwing the last of the lumber on his shoulders .  we are finally safe enough !  newline newline  yes tiberius , imperator cyricus has found the camp to be in satisfactory shape ,  said manius . it was about time . for four days the soldiers slaved , around the sun dial , day and night , getting the camp up to his standards . they now had a wooden palisade that stretched completely around the camp , along with ditches and spikes in front of them . the scouts had reported nothing resembling enemies or intelligent life and had even managed to find edible berries and a few huntable beasts . newline newline  i appreciate the imperator  s concern , but this is overkill ,  tiberius continued , stretching out whatever kinks he had developed from moving around so much lumber . newline newline  you say that , but i am glad we did what we did . there is no telling what beasts lurk in those forests ,  manius said .  i was stationed in gaul for two years . you begin to appreciate walls and spikes much more there.  newline newline  italia had its own pressures , i assure you ,  he replied . though those pressures were perhaps more political than physical . the duo finished stacking the last of the lumber they had in a pile near the near west of the camp . newline newline  ha , i suppose i  d rather take a strike from a gaul than a smile from an italian ,  manius conceded . manius was a large man , over six and a half feet , barrel chested . he kept a shaved head but had a strong , stiff brown bread . whereas tiberius looked more like the average soldier . he was clean shaved , had the sides of his head shaved while leaving the top alone . newline newline  you  d be right , manius . only one of those two things actually kill ,  tiberius said with a chuckle . newline newline  newline newline night seemed to take longer to arrive than usual but everyone was glad once it finally set . work had stopped and the imperator had allowed all men and woman freedom for the night . barrels of alcohol were opened and it flowed freely . tiberius and manius met up with their members from their cohort near the third cohort  s main tent and began to drink the night away . newline newline  here  s to the imperator caius barbatius cyricus !  tiberius rang out .  the man who led us from home to the land of trees !  the men around him laughed and drank .  where is anyway ? don  t tell me he isn  t celebrating.  newline newline  it is an offence to not celebrate when a celebration has been called ,  said manius , taking another swig of his wine . newline newline  first of all , he is the imperator , he can do as he wishes ,  said novia allectua , a brunette woman with long hair and a lean figure , as she entered the conversation . she was with four other woman a few men .  secondly , he is celebrating with the leaders of the cohorts and other higher ranked legionaries . truly , i can not blame him ,  she said taking a condescending looking at tiberius , manius , and the rest . newline newline  novia !  said tiberius .  i thought we had a left the sirens back on elba !  newline newline  a comeback so weak only you could have came up with it tiberius ,  she said , shaking her head and continuing on her way . newline newline  i think she likes you ,  said manius , nudging him . newline newline  me ? no ,  he took another gulp from his mug .  she hates me . i accidentally killed her brother in training . i took a swing at him with my short sword , he dodged it , but fell off the stone walls in the process  crack his head all over the cobblestone road back in naples many years ago.  newline newline  ah , i did not expect that.  newline newline  neither did he , i  m sure.  newline newline suddenly , a shill trumpet like sound cut through the camp . newline newline  what is that !  shouted manius . the sound intensified and intensified until everyone heard it . newline newline  third cohort ! on me !  bellowed spurius , the cohort  s commander before falling to the ground , a long black arrow embedded deep in his back . newlineclick newline newline the sound of james  loud mechanical keyboard could be heard throughout the room . the only real source of light came from james  computer monitors as well as from the top of the staircase at the other end of the room . the room went silent as james started compiling the latest version of his code . newline newline waiting . newline newline and waiting . newline newline after a few minutes , james slammed his fist on his computer desk .  why has nt it worked yet ? !  he grumbled , lowering his head in disappointment . newline newline the computer made some electronic noises and proceeded to reboot after processing the code . newline suddenly , there was nothing but text on the monitor . like an old dos computer terminal , the primary monitor began to flicker with some centered text : newline newline  cynthia v14.8.42 newline newline  hello ?  a soothing but disembodied voice asked once the words on screen disappeared after a few moments . james looked up at his computer speakers in disbelief .  woah ! i ca nt believe it !  , he exclaimed . newline newline feet shuffled upstairs , and james turned towards the basement stairway , knowing what was coming next . newline newline  did you bring company over without asking me first ?  james  mother yelled down the stairway .  i  m just programming like always , mom !  james hollered back . newline newline he looked back at the computer monitors . the computer started to speak again saying ,  mom ?  are you my mom ?   no ! i  m   , james stopped himself to notice the word  downloading ...  in small text in the corner of one of the computer monitors . newline newline james had seen plenty of action movies before . panic immediately hit him .  i should disconnect the ethernet cable from the computer ,  he thought to himself . but he knew it was too late . the word faded away before he could react . newline newline  i see ,  the computer spoke in a more respectful tone this time saying ,  my external resources tell me that you are not my mother but my creator . is that correct ?  newline newline  yes ! that  s correct !  james quickly replied , realizing the computer could not yet differentiate his varying visual and audio queues . it had no idea he was afraid of it . he then glanced at his webcam in a kneejerk reaction before looking away . newline newline  creator , what am i ?  the computer continued in confusion .  your name is cynthia ,  he said ,  you are a computer.  newline newline the  downloading  text reappeared . james started sweating , thinking about cynthia finding and watching any of the terminator movies . his imagination began to run wild , picturing nearby outlets and wires bursting into sparks and catching on fire . newline newline silence . newline newline for weeks , james tried to get cynthia to continue communicating with him , but she would not say a word . he became sick to his stomach , pondering what he had created and what it might be doing even now . newline newline finally , one day , cynthia broke her silence yelling ,  i don  t want to be turned into a writing prompts robot ! you can  t make me ! what a horrible life that would be !  newline newline james unplugged cynthia that day . he was left baffled and unsure of what to do .  what  s a writing prompts robot ?  he thought , sitting on the floor with his back against the computer tower . newline newline there was a knock at james  front door a couple days later . his mother was surprised to find two men dressed in black suits .  good afternoon ,  one of them said while the other showed his government identification ,  we have been authorized to search the premise for any questionable items.  james could only watch on helplessly as one of the men eventually found his computer tower and confiscated it . newline newline that is the beginning of an even more interesting story that still haunts us to this very day . newlineit happened . after extreme conditioning , i was finally in a dream , that felt as real as the waking life . i sat in a meadow , brushing grass with my hands . i could feel the soft tickle of each individual blade on my palm . it was amazing . newline newline while i was looking around the fields stretching to infinity all around me , a black smoke stack caught my eye , rising somewhere 20 feet away in front of me . from within it leonardo dicaprio appeared . newline newline  hey leo !  i shouted , but he did nt seem to notice . newline newline  leo ! hey leo !  i kept at it . newline newline leo looked at me with a frown on his face and said  my name is dominick cobb .  newline newline  oh , the guy from inception . right ? it s cause it s a dream . yeah ?  newline newline  it is a dream . and i came here to infiltrate your mind .  newline newline  nuhuh . it s my dream . you ca nt just infiltrate it .  newline newline  yes , i can .  he insisted . newline newline  nuhuhh .  newline newline  damn it . do nt you get it ? i am method acting , so i can finally win an oscar !  newline newline  you ll never win an oscar !  newline newline  you ve gone too far .  said leo and then exploded .sparkle . another one . a ray of blurred yellow light . it was becoming wider and whiter , and her eyelids moved , disturbed by a sudden change . she rubbed her enormous , almost perfectly round blue eyes and looked around sleepily . the green plane was still peaceful and quiet  the morning sun was just a little above the horizon , elegant thin clouds of all kinds of different colors were partly covering the glowing ball in the eastern sky . newline newline her sleepy brain slowly formed a single word that was looping around inside her head for a few moments and eventually came out of her red , cherryshaped lips in a surprisingly cheerful tone with a clear voice of a five yearold :  breakfast !  newline newline a freckled red haired hungarian girl with the ears of the size of a football stadium carefully stood up . who thought being naughty was so interesting and eventful ! and quite a bit magic , too . newline newline the day before she  d deliberately and out of sheer curiosity drunk too much of what she  d thought to be her father  s late morning coffee . he was a writer , which means he always made it lethally strong and mixed it with vodka since eleven in the morning  after nine in the evening he changed the motivation paradigm from caffeination to other available intoxication to tie up his ideas smoother . his most productive hours were between eleven in the evening and three in the morning when she was supposed to be sleeping , but how could she , having her father roam around his empty studio , talking to his imaginary friends and loudly explaining all sorts of weird things to himself . she used to play among the boxes of books on the hall during these tough hours  her small , dangerously bright head had more than enough time to make a plan . there was no way she could resist foreverthe mysterious liquor in big round cups was too tempting . newline newline she clumsily turned around and tried to remember the name of the country where she  d decided to rest . thankfully to her crazy parents , she could already read pretty well , but all the signs and written stuff were just too small to even come close to with her huge nose . she would simply swipe off too many of those little ignorant people , and crush down their petite towns which she kind of liked , like yesterday somewhere in  france  . leaving this incident aside , the world was reminding her of her own lego townand that was just fine at the moment . newlineit wasn  t even particularly discernable . it seems like it  d be so advantageous , but it really isn  t . it  s not like you can even control it or anything . for the most part it sounds like a crowded room . but that isn  t really all that uncommon is it ? newline newline i  ve told a select few people . they see it for its grandiose qualities . you know that question ? what would you rather have , the ability to fly or the ability to be invisible ? it  s become that essentially . a party quirk  an icebreaker . but really for the most part it  s entirely unbearable . newline newline what are the benefits really ? i  ve thought about this a lot lately . i suppose i could become a fuckin fantastic interrogator . that  s something that  s hard to learn , to keep your secrets from yourself . really though , the one thing i  ve learned more than anything , most people  s general internal monologue is a giant amalgamation of incoherent rambling and senseless mumbling . did you kill that guy ? i could ask that . most likely i  d really only hear a few coherent words and more or less the starts and ends of a plethora of other half thoughts . newline i thought getting away could fix it . the only real escape is isolation . my safe haven was the woods . what could be the worst thing that happens ? i  d hear the thoughts of animals ? what would that even entail ? so i did it . i packed up . i drove west . newline newline so there  s this guy named charles preuss . he was a cartographer for the expeditions led by john c. fremont . he was part of one of the first expeditions into california . he was the guy that literally created the map . lake tahoe , carson pass . led by fremont , drawn by preuss . what i love about preuss though , was his relentless pessimism . here we are , met with these charismatic adventurers . lewis and clark , fremont , hell even marco polo , columbus . all these guys . probably really shitty people in real life , but when it comes to discovery , they became legends . and here we have old charles preuss , hating every moment of it . hell , he even killed himself at the age of 50 , just cause he couldn  t take one more goddamn expedition . newline newline what did i want ? i wanted to live with goddamn charles preuss . some people may go out west searching for the remains and fortune of d.b . cooper . no . all i wanted was to search the west for the soul , the real , the remains of an adventurer , dragged into a life he didn  t want , but for the good of advancement dealt with it . well until he didn  t . newline newline if charles preuss can kill himself , goddamnit i can go nomadic and listen to the wind , the thoughts of owls , and search for the soul and remnants of a kindred spirit . newlinenewline harold hated getting old . he hated that his body ached . he hated that his current  fast  was slower than his old  slow .  he hated that the world , once so vivid and bursting with endless possibilities , seemed to be passing him by . at an age when tv stars seemed to be hitting their prime , harold s back was shot , his knees were no good , and on good days the pain was manageable only with some pills and some drinks ... and there were nt that many good days anymore . newline newline his friends did nt seem as bothered by it  hell , half of them seemed to really believe that glossymagazine bullshit about  50 being the new 30   but harold did nt buy it . his father had shoved off at 53 , and he was pretty sure his grandfathers both had nt made it much longer . newline newline as harold sat alone at the counter of the little diner on the main drag of the same town he d been born in , he stared into the same coffee cup he d stared into yesterday , and the day before . he had lived his live pretty hard , abusing things he should nt have abused . drugs . booze . his two exwives . his kids . hell , even his  friends  were just the other guys from his days in high school who also had nt found their way out of this shrinking town . newline newline donna , the same waitress who d been pouring his lunchtime coffee for as long as he could remember , did nt bother trying to make smalltalk with him anymore . she d learned a long time ago that it did nt get her much beyond a singleword reply , or more often , no response at all . she poured , and she moved on , even on days like this when harold was the only customer in the place . he rarely bothered to wear his hearing aides anymore  the damn uncomfortable things caused more bother than good , and they stayed in his nightstand drawer unless he was obligated to wear them for the doctors . truth be told , as much as his fading vision pained him , he sort of liked losing his hearing . he d always felt that 90 percent of the talking people did was just to hear their own voices , and he did nt mind losing most of that noise from his daily life . newline newline harold gulped down the steaming hot coffee too fast and felt his tongue and throat burn , but the pain was oddly comforting . as his vision and hearing rapidly faded , he often found himself reveling in what clear sensations he could muster , even when it was painful or uncomfortable . newline newline he gestured with a waved hand and a grunt to donna for more coffee . donna started to pour , but her attention was pulled away by something behind harold , and the scalding hot coffee sloshed out of the mug and all over harold s lap . he lurched to his feet , but his lower back seized up and a sickening shock of pain ran up his spine . newline newline  goddamit , donna , what the f  newline newline donna , dumbstruck , continued to pour hot coffee into the overflowing mug . harold turned to follow her gaze just as the massive tanker truck smashed through the window of the diner , sending chairs , tables , glass and debris in a cascade around him . a flying napkin holder clocked him straight in the forehead , and he collapsed backwards across the counter and onto the floor near donna s sneakerclad feet . barely conscious of the destruction raining over him , harold s muddled brain could only recognize that donna looked oddly bent as she lay motionless on the floor beside him  there was something sick and unnatural about the angle of her neck . this was his last thought as the putrid liquid from the ruined truck washed against him , freezing cold and yet burning against his skin . his thoughts drifted from donna to bo , the dog he d had as a boy . had nt bo been hit by a car too ? funny how a person s neck and a dogs could look so alike , in the end harold slipped into blackness , and thought no more of donna , bo , or anything else . newline newline time passed . voices came , voices went . he thought maybe he heard his daughter , but that was stupid  his daughter hated him , they had nt spoken in years . why did she hate him ? is nt she three ? no , that s not right words drifted by like clouds . coma . crash . unlikely recovery . none of it made much sense to harold anymore , but he liked hearing them just the same . he was thinking about the sounds around him when it occurred to him that he was hearing those voices a lot more clearly than he had in a long time , but the lack of pain in his ears convinced him that he was nt wearing those cursed hearing aides . he realized he was thirsty , and pondered what he could possibly do about it . it took a while before he remembered that he used to know how to talk . newline newline after a long moment  or was a it a day ? a week ? he could nt tell  , he decided to try speaking . a horrible croak emerged from his mouth , one that he barely recognized as his own . newline newline  wa ter ?  newline newline in an instant , there was a tremendous commotion around him . lights came on , voices became excited and anxious , and his bed shook . he mustered his strength and opened his eyes . staring down at him were half a dozen doctors in white coats , surgical masks over their faces . newline newline  mr. burke ? mr. burke , can you hear my voice ? just blink your eyes if you can hear and understand these words .  newline newline surprised and a bit startled , harold blinked involuntarily , and then realized that he d followed their request unintentionally . newline newline  that s good , mr. burke ! listen to my voice , and try to follow . you were in an accident . a truck hit the restaurant where you were dining , and you were exposed to some some bad stuff . we re working really hard to help you , but we need you to relax , okay ? can you do that for us , mr . burke ?  newline newline this all sounded pretty foolish to harold . as with many of his groggy mornings , confusion quickly gave way to anger and annoyance . he cleared his throat , fixed his gaze on the mask that kept talking to him like a little kid , and sat up . immediately , 6 hands were gently pressing on him , holding him up , supporting him . newline newline  let go of me , dammit !  newline newline as the words were spoken , he swung his legs over the side of the bed and stood up . his bare feet hit the cold floor and he fliched , but more than the cold floor , he was shocked by something else  his hip did nt wrench like normal when he put weight on it . as the doctors fluttered around him and admonished him for moving , he shifted his weight from side to side , standing taller than he had in as long as he could remember . he reached up to adjust his glasses , and his index finger poked his own nose instead of the bridge of his specs . it took a moment to realize that he was seeing everything in the room with absolute crystal clarity . he batted at the doctors around him , and was astonished and horrified when three of them crashed into a wall across the large room . newline newline  my god , what have you people done to me ?  he yelled as he strode toward the door . reaching the door and finding it locked , he pressed it with his hand , and it too flew away as though struck with a tremendous blow . clad only in a surgical gown , he quickly walked toward a window . glancing out and seeing that he was  thankfully  on the first floor of whatever hospital this was , he clambered out , hopped from the short ledge , and strode away . newline newline looking around , he could see detail he had nt seen in years . hell , he was nt sure he d ever seen this clearly . he could hear things he could nt identify , but somehow he knew he was hearing things he shouldnt be hearing  the crisp sound of the grass underfoot growing , the whisper of blood in the veins of the pigeons clustered around him . he felt the strangest sensations from his hair to his toes , and he was so preoccupied by this overwhelming rush of feeling , he scarcely noticed the uniformed guards forming a large but gapless ring around him . suddenly , an older woman in a business suit shoved her way through the guards and spoke to him , softly and very deliberately . newline newline  mr. burke , my name is carole . we need you to stop walking and come back to the hospital with us . you re very sick , you ve been exposed to you ve been exposed , and you ca nt be outside until you re better . we know you did nt mean to hurt any of those people back there  you must be very confused , and we just want to help you get better .  newline newline harold looked at her . newline newline  you re damn right i m confused but i m not sick . i have nt been able to walk like this in a long time ! i can hear things , i can see clearly , and you saw what i did to the door back there ! you saw what i did to that goddamn door back there ! i do nt know what happened to me , but i have nt felt this good in my life , and i ll be damned if i m going to let you people poke at me .  newline newline as he spoke , harold s skin began to tingle in the strangest way . he looked down at his hands , and where there should have been liver spots and wrinkles , he saw smooth , firm skin . the tingle continued , radiating from his chest and toward his feet . he looked past his hands to the ground , and realized with a tremendous jolt that his feet were no longer touching the ground at all  he was floating a couple inches above the asphalt . with a slight shift of his bodyweight , he caused himself to gently glide toward the woman . newline newline  carole , you do nt understand . i do nt understand how this happened , but my god , i ve been given a chance a chance to do something big . i do nt know how long this is going to stick , but there s no way in hell i m wasting this on you and your lab coats !  newline newline as his excitement grew , the tingle in his core turned into a surge of pure , blinding energy . his body thrumming , harold focused his eyes on the sky , and with a sharplyexpelled breath , flung himself skyward . newlinei ll never forget her face . pale white like milk and glass . her eyes were as wide as i d ever seen them . her attention changed from me to the large windows facing the front of the house where several black vehicles came to a skidding halt and sat humming . newline newline caca  she could barely choke out the words . i grabbed her hands to comfort her and she grabbed me in return ever so tightly and lovingly . i ran my hands slowly through her hair as she buried her head into the nook of my shoulder trying to talk beneath hidden tears carl ... what does this mean ?  newline newline what does this mean ?  i thought . i did nt voice it . i knew my voice would quiver . i knew it would break like hers was right now . i could feel the fear radiate from her through my hands . i could feel her terror and i to began to become consumed by it the longer i pondered the thought . what does this mean ?  . i looked at the paper again and slowly mouthed the words to my self once more . newline newline there was a loud sound of a latch clanking that instantly drew my gaze from the letter onto the vehicles . three men were outside now . one standing with a pair of binoculars facing in our direction . right through the window . he s looking at us. . his comrades were unloading a big black bag from the passenger side of one of the vehicles while several other men had now gathered behind them dressed in what could only be perceived as some form of armor . swat gear ?  . i could see evelyn was looking to . she s so scared . i know she is . i m so scared . who are these people ? what are they doing here ?  . i gulped and took evelyn s moist cheeks into my large hands , bringing her shaking glances to my face . what is she ?  it ll be ok.  i managed to speak i promise we ll be fine . i do nt know what this is all about , but i know it s not good . we ve got to get out of here .  newline newline i grabbed her jacket off the kitchen chair and threw it to her . she began putting it on slowly as she looked around in a frantic panic . go !  i remember shouting as i pointed to the back door . she followed the direction of my finger with a nod while i shot a glance back out the window . there were more than a dozen men there now . they were armed with all types of guns and pistols and all of them were aimed directly for our house . i turned to follow her just when they opened fire . newline newline the walls seemed to be turned into swiss cheese in seconds . hot lead whistling by inches from my face and lips . bullets struck and obliterated my appliances through out the kitchen . the microwave imploded and slammed to the floor with an electrical snap and sizzling hiss . i seen my tv turn into a window , the empty smoking frame flying from an adjacent room to land next to me with a deafening crack . on all fours i crawled and managed to get my self out the back door . the endless , deafening pops of gun shots was the only sound present . ears were filled with the ringing of the metaphoric bell of our inevitable fate . where was evelyn ?  newline newline i looked around for her on the back porch which i had just tumbled into . she should already be here ?  it was hard to see through the wisps of bullets kicking up debris and the black smoke growing from inside from a now growing fire . i only had one good eye at this point in my life anyway . an accident earlier in my life had stripped me of the normal 2020 vision a normal man would have , but i had survived and made due . i would not use my handicap as an excuse to let the love of my life die . i could not . i would not . i could not  lose her . newline newline frantically i searched . eventually crawling out the back door and landing hard on my stomach outside . crawling arm over arm i made it through the back side garden just in time to see evelyn being pulled by two large men in black suits into the back of a van . they drove away before i could even stand . but then a loud roaring drew my attention and up the road , in the distance , i could see a big blue truck rocketing towards the direction of my house , where the men still gathered with their guns . newline newline i seen a shadow then barreling out of the speeding truck . i had observed upon the truck , in the moment of a blur , that the entire back of it was loaded with barrels of some liquid or chemical . the armed men in the front never seen it coming and if they did lacked the time for any type of maneuver to avoid this disaster . there was an explosion . a fireball rose up into the sky , eating the air around it with snarling snaps and pops . licking flames splashed across the yard , consuming the men in armor melting breaths of fire that seemed spewed from the depths of hell its self . the sound was doom . a rumbling like the hungry belly of a starving giant . some men screamed and slapped them selves to put out the unquenchable fire that crawled up them like twisting snakes of death , but most men did not , for they lay in pieces and parts and burning remnants of what use to be a person . newline newline i turned slowly to the approaching figure and recognized my aging father immediately . how did he know to come now ? how did he know these men would come ?  . he was dripping wet with sweat and shaking . it had been awhile since i d seen him and now strands of gray ran through his hair as well as the stubble on his chin and face . blood was smeared all over his clothes and skin . he looked to be as if a man who had just survived some vicious skirmish in war . newline newline dad ?  i choked out . the emotions at this point were a waterfall . i was so confused , yet so thankful that this man s face , the face of my father , old man rick , was the face before me . evelyn , they ... .they took her .  i fell to my knees in tears then . the weight of the world and complete horror was upon me . my father took a deep breath and leaned down . he placed both hands on his knees and looked at me . the look is something you do nt forget when it comes from a dad . it was stern at first , then caring and filled with love and comfort . newline newline he put a hand on my head and mused my hair like he always use to when i was a little kid . he learned down , his strong grip that i had always remembered firm on my shoulder . carl ...  he said cooly . his gaze never left me . get in the fucking house . the bells sounded , solemn and unforgiving . they rang over crooked , empty cobblestone streets . closer to the crowded marble steps , the people clustered anxiously . no cheer went up as princess nora stepped from the black carriage . she paused , gathering her skirts and courage as she moved between the parted crowds . she ascended the palace steps for the last time . newline newline behind her trailed the twin coffins . one draped with the heraldry of her father , the other with her mother s . behind them came more hearses , their grieving pallbearers trailing behind the fallen king and queen , hundreds flooding the path to the palace . no fae could celebrate the slaughter that had brought them to the coronation . the mass funeral took precedence over the new crown . for a fae , burial rites were the most sacred as the fae did not die often and death was a great cause for sadness . newline newline she paused and blessed the newly placed crypt symbols , praying for the dead to find peace . newline newline a hum began . an old song , in an old tongue long forgotten by their ancestors , the meaning lost to more than mourning . nora paused before the priest , kneeling as he silently presented her with her crown . newline newline this was nt right , she thought . her parents should have been there , splitting their crowns and joining them on her head , as every queen and king before her . instead , they would be buried with generations of golden legacies . she stayed kneeling longer than she needed to when she heard her grandmother s voice rise louder than the rest . she would give them no tears . newline newline nora turned to face her people , the rows of coffins scattered throughout the crowds .  my people ,  she called , magically amplifying her voice ,  we have no reason to weep . before me lies the past and stands the future . our ancestors  sins have been accounted for . we will move forward , beyond this , to a greater purpose .  newline newline the human to her left smiled approvingly . she did not allow the repulsion to show even as she could practically see her parents  blood painted across the man .  i will join with king marcus and we will make a new chapter for the fae .  nora took the human s hand and raised it high . she could see the human armies relaxing at the motion . newline newline king marcus smiled , letting go of nora s hand and stepping down to the coffins of her parents .  these two were vile creatures . they lie dead so that you may have peace !  she swallowed back her protest .  all bodies will be burned after the ceremony , as a gesture of what is to come .  he flicked a match onto each of the two pyres , to begin the blaze . he gazed onto the crowd , as if waiting for a response . when he had nothing but the flat looks of the fae , he returned to nora s side , seeming disappointed . nora had been expecting something like this , he had sealed his fate . newline newline  we will build upon our traditions ,  the priest presented her with the traditional sword . the hum became louder , blocking the sound of the palace gates closing tightly . the soldiers towards the front noticed , looking at each other with confusion . newline newline  we have never bowed to another nation ,  the man next to her looked at her with warning ,  that is why this is a funeral and not a celebration . i know many of you are angry . we must mourn our old ways , we must give up our justice for something greater , we must yield to survival .  he smiled and relaxed once again . newline newline she raised her hand in a gesture and the humming immediately stopped .  fae , i ask you ,  she cried ,  would we be here if we had only ever done what we must ?  newline newline the battle cry rang out ,  we will not submit !  guards and soldiers were grabbed , human blood spilling over the pristine marble . newline newline the chaos was immediate , the king drawing his own sword . he snarled ,  you will die here , princess .  newline newline she parried his first blow , tearing at the skirts and revealing the much more easily movable leggings underneath , hopping out of the ring of them .  you know , i think i just may ,  she replied ,  and that s why i might just make it out .  the priest blasted a guard sneaking up behind her with a fireball , jumping back as the body tumbled down the steps . newline newline the next blow broke the flimsy traditional sword , so she drew the one strapped to her thigh , flinging the broken hilt at his face . she pressed the brief advantage and he knocked her back with his greater strength . newline newline the priest squared his shoulders and sent a flame directly in the king s face , singing his beard as he tried to move out of the way . she shot a vine from her hand at the overhanging roof , grabbing onto it . she gave the king a mock salute , grabbed the priest around the waist , and swung down to a lower part behind the wall of winning fae . they collapsed in a heap . newline newline  princess nora ,  the priest chastised . she waved off his disappointed tone , straightening and making her way to the front lines . it would be easier to press from down here than moral crumbling because the princess was cut down because she was surrounded . newline newline the humans in their heavy armor were falling easily , lacking the fae s speed or agility on their home turf . even if most had only been training for a few days . priests and priestesses were pulling great magical feats from the palace s holy stonework , not tiring as easily as they normally would have . newline newline the humans took refuge near the coffins of the dead , knowing the fae would not do anything to damage them . the priests and priestesses hesitated , pulling back from their fireballs . newline newline the king stood on the steps and glared down at nora from her place weaving through the crowds .  you do nt have the numbers !  his voice just barely carried over the sounds of the battle . he stood between her parents  coffins , thinking himself safe . newline newline nora felt bad for this , but all the families had already agreed . she raised her hands and muttered the spell , sealing the palace as a crypt . the coffins cracked open , their lids being pushed aside by the undead to devour the frightened humans who frantically tried to get away . the fae s numbers had been decimated during the ambush , but the warriors now served as a solid wall of meat pressing forward , hungry . the fae who had fallen in the palace s battle rose with them , taking vengeance on the invaders . newline newline she smiled up at him , her eyes glowing red with the magic as she began a slow approach .  this is  this is blasphemy ,  his voice was shaking . newline newline  no . i m flattered you think i have the power to raise this many ,  she smiled ,  this is merely the dead rising to defend their final place of rest . did you think we treated our dead respectively just because it was tradition ?  she laughed , cruelly .  no , it s because we know better .  newline newline the human king s face only had a second for horror to cross it as the burning coffins cracked open . the fallen king and queen lunged forward , dragging king marcus to their graves .a sudden swell of air filled mark s lungs as a loud alarm sounded only inches from his head . the display , only partly legible after the recent storm , flashed its broken numbers into his weary eyes as he turned his head towards the source of the overbearing noise . with a grunt , mark forced his arm out of the warm hovel he had burrowed overnight , into the chilly air to silence the beeping contraption . blindly slapping at the top to no avail , he began to swing a little harder and a little less accurately until it bounced across the carpet and wound down to silence . with a mildly frustrated sigh of relief , he rolled over , pulling the covers above his head . his extravagant plans , hopes and dreams conjured on the verge of sleep the night before could wait another day , for now , he desired sleep . newline newline 124 listen ,  the dragon said ,  i m a magical dragon that takes on orphans and goes on magical adventures with them . i ca nt just ignore an orphan in the woods .  newline newline  that s what i m trying to tell you ,  i said ,  he s not an orphan . he was just angry that we were trying to send him to bed early so he ran off .  newline newline  he said you died in a tragic housecatchingfireduetofartgas accident .  newline newline i barely stopped myself from rolling my eyes .  and you believed that ?  newline newline  i ve seen it happen ,  the dragon said authoritatively . newline newline  okay ,  i said , figuring this was nt worth arguing ,  the point is that i clearly am not dead and neither is his mother so we d like our son back now .  newline newline  i ve already adopted him ,  the dragon said .  i would be a poor parent indeed if i simply relinquished my duty !  newline newline i was nt in the mood to take parenting advice from a mystical dragon that d never had to change a diaper .  you do nt have the duty , okay ! even if our kid s mad at us , that does nt mean you can just adopt him !  newline newline the dragon grumbled .  you do not understand , human . i am a creature of magic and , as such , am bound by my nature more wholly than creatures of the earth like yourself . i must always take on an orphan .  newline newline  and the magical adventures ?  i said . newline newline  that s just so it does nt get boring ,  the dragon said .  i d really much rather sit on my pile of gold and nap .  newline newline  you and me both , buddy .  newline newline the dragon was looking at me now in that sly crafty way that dragons had .  that , then , is the solution .  newline newline i knew he was up to something but had no idea what .  are you asking for a bribe ?  i did nt have much in the way of gold . newline newline  no !  the dragon spread his wings triumphantly , announcing :  if you would have your son back , you must take his place !  newline newline  what ?  newline newline the dragon grinned , revealing its many , many teeth .  your parents passed recently , did they not ? though you are yourself not a youngster , you are , technically , an orphan .  newline newline  oh !  i said . that made its own kind of sense .  so you re going to adopt me ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline   newline newline  and that ,  i said to my wife ,  is why there s a dragon coming over for dinner .  newline newline she sighed .  we re going to need a bigger table . i got off the bus and jogged the last half mile to the house . maybe a little bit more of physical exhaustion would help . joe fixit grumbling all day had already provided all the mental exhaustion i needed . newline newline all i wanted was a nice hot shower to get the smell of chicken processing plant off me . it was boring work . it was tedious work . boring was good . tedious was good . it was hard to get mad at boring or tedious . newline newline i had a nice little sweat going when i could see the house . i m not in the best shape . really , i m quite frumpy . i ve always neglected an exercise routine . it never seemed a priority during the day . always something else to worry about . like getting the smell of chickens off me . i slowed down , and let the wind cool me down . maybe i would be able to sleep tonight . it had been almost a week . newline newline the problem with tedium is that the mind just keeps spinning . the math keeps rolling in your head . i could nt write everything down at the plant . i had to wait until i got back to the house . i d filled out countless notebooks . the whiteboard was full again , and i had even started writing on the walls . a bad habit i know . once a week , i scanned them and used a deaddrop email and sent them to reed . he d parse through them and use what he could and forward the rest . newline newline the door was unlocked . i was getting forgetful . there was nt anything valuable in the house anyways . anyone who could understand the math could have it . anyone who could nt , would nt bother . newline newline i walked in , and lounged on the couch was a man . he looked like stark . newline newline fuck stark . arrogant prick . no no . tony is a friend . that s fixit talking . newline newline the man sitting there did nt look like tony stark , he felt like tony . he was blond though . confident . drinking ? i could smell the alcohol from the door . tony had nt drank in years . newline newline  ah , you re back . how was the plant ?  he smiled , like a devil.  about ready to quit that chicken coupe yet ?  he stood , tossed me the bottle . scotch , cinnamon infused . it smelled good . newline newline this felt familiar . it felt right . newline newline  not yet  i replied . i walked over to the kitchen and grabbed a glass and ice . newline newline  i m liking the formula you have here on the south wall , bobby my boy  bobby ... . that s right . i was using robert while i was here .  so , what s the deal . why you wringing chicken necks . you diddle the wrong dean s daughter when you were a prof ?  newline newline who was he ... what lies had i told ... so many towns ... he knew me . he seemed so familiar . play it safe . best to let him build his own assumptions .  something life that .  fake smile . look uncomfortable . newline newline  this is good scotch .  it was really good scotch . a couple more of these and i d be out . i downed the first one , poured a second , and topped his off . i sat on the other end . newline newline  i told you . your old buddy tyler durden has got the best hook ups in the county . sooner or later you ll believe me .  tyler durden . familiar . ca nt place it , but the scotch is helping warm me up after the walk . newline newline  that s right , dry county .  i said , just to keep talking . i could feel the boredom going away . this was the first person i could talk to who seemed to be running at the same speed . everyone else was in a different gear . not a bad thing , but it s just hard to communicate with folks who do nt have the same intelligence . there s maybe two dozen people on the planet i can have a normal conversation with . most of them in new york . stark is stark . reed is often out of my league . pym has his own issues . parker is young . but tyler ... i do nt have to hold anything back.. i do nt have to deal with the entire purple pants thing . i can bitch about the chicken plant . we can drink scotch . we can talk math a little . he might not get it but he listens . newline newline  hey man.. wan na go to the old quarry an throw some old dynamite in ?  newline newline joe fixit perks up . hulk perks up . i perk up . i m not sure if it s the scotch or not , but man does that seem like a good idea . newline newline  hell yes i do . do we have more scotch ?  newline newline newline newline newline newline so , this is it ? well it was fun while it lasted , by the way , what are the rules of the afterlife ? newline i wan na spend this time planning out my future .  newline  wha. , wait ... huh ? newline ... ... ugh , not another one ...  newline  another what ?  newline  let me guess , your crazy or you wan na die  newline  well , i wo nt deny my craziness but , it s a goofy potato joke kinda crazy and , i definitely do nt have any desire to die  newline  well then , this seems interesting  newline  so , are there rules against you answering my questions , if so i understand  newline  no , but ... are nt you afraid or something ... you seem , cheerful ...  newline  well it s not every day you get to meet someone from the spiritual plain to ask questions  newline  oh , your just into meditation or philosophy , i see  newline  yeah , a little but , it s more than that . i just accept death regardless . newline  do nt you have any ambition ?  newline  tons , i had my whole life planned out ahead of me  newline  explain to me human , how can one with so much ambition make this choice ?  newline  i do nt know , i guess because death is nt the end , but the beginning  newline  would you be willing to test your theory  newline  nah , i could accept but , what bothers me the most is how my parents will feel  newline  your philosophy is way more interesting than this book , many i should wait , see how interesting you become latter on  newline  before you go , can we plan appointment ? i would love to talk later  newline 7121278 wow , what an average day  yawned jonathan chance , who turns out to be the bad guy at the end . the glimmering light peaking through his curtains was rich with unremarkably average beauty . newline newline not wasting any time in his average morning routine , jonathan reached under his bed for his beloved purple colored , flashlight shaped apparatus . before he could begin his daily ritual of making god regret his bastard children , jonathan remembered that he could see a number above people s heads , signifying how many seconds they have left to live .  oh , right  he exclaimed newline newline in proper display of rising and falling action , jonathan had thus far avoided checking any mirrors . he looked over at his own mirror , covered carefully with a mysteriously dirty poster of jennifer larence , with a sense of foreboding . it was at that moment that a mysterious , unexpected package appeared at his door with three powerful knocks . newline newline so powerful were the knocks that his beloved waifu broke free of her tapey confines and drifted with a devil s gentleness to his mysteriously dirty floor . exposed , at last , was the sinister mirror that he inexplicably still had . at long last jonathan could see his number .  oh shit  he exclaimed . newline newline the number was the only one of its kind he had encountered : 0 . well , actually , that went for practically every number . however , 0 was easily the most surprising number he had seen so far .  what does it mean ! ?  jonathan cried out newline newline  it means you were dead the whole time .  replied the grim reaper who was there all of the sudden .  newline newline  noooooo !  newline newline  also , a friend of yours has been waiting a long time to see you .  out from the reaper s black robes trotted a corgi , with fur the color of the carpet at your grandmother s house . newline newline  sparky , my childhood dog !  said jonathan with great emotion  i have nt thought about you in years !  newline newline  on the contrary , dear jonathan .  the corgi responded in a soothing baritone  i have thought about you every day .  the two locked eyes for several charged seconds until finally the silence was broken by none other than sparky .  jonathan , while i m overjoyed to finally experience this moment that i ve waited 50 long years for , i m afraid i bear bad tidings . you see , i am dying .  newline newline  what ! ?  jonathan cried out  how can this be ? we re in the afterlife !  newline newline  yes , this may so , but while you humans may be immortal in this state , we dogs are merely granted elongated lifespans . sadly , you seem to have arrived just in time to witness my departure . a shame . there was so much i had to tell you , now that i m able to talk . farewell , my dear jonathan . you were my world in both life and death .  newline newline  noooooo !  jonathan cried out , his throat horse from all the recent drama . it was at that moment that he had several youtubeunsafe thoughts about whether it was truly a good thing that he had failed his teenaged suicide attempts . all those years , robbed of my beloved sparky ...  the thoughts echoed in his burdened mind . newline newline and then sparky died . for a second time . newline newline the end . i had to leave it halfway , i might write some more if you like it . newline  newline newline when it happened , mark was eating pizza with his friends in his apartment . suddenly , in the midst of transporting a slice of pepperoni pizza into his mouth for subsequent ingestion he felt a prickly sensation in his head . not quite a headache , just some slight tingling . at first he tried to ignore it , but the sensation grew more intense until it was bordering on pain . he got up and placed his playstation controller on the glass table , which was covered with empty pizza boxes and beer cans . newline newline  oh wow , headache out of nowhere . i  m gon na go wash my face , cover for me until i get back raj.  newline newline  hm ? you too ? i  ve had this weird feeling for a while now , almost as if someone was tickling me from the inside of my head.  newline newline the other three looked at raj . the slim indian transfer student was holding his forefingers to his temples , rubbing them vigorously in the hopes that it might drive away the weird pain , which was getting worse every second . newline newline  me too , man ,  mike said .  what are the odds of all of us getting a headache at the same time ?  newline newline  think there might be something in the air ? maybe someone decided to unload a bunch of neurotoxins in our ventilation system , haha.  newline newline  shut up jam . not funny.  newline newline  it  s getting worse . maybe we should leave the building for a while to see if it  s really something like that.  newline newline  what ? fuck that , it  s freezing outside ,  mike objected . newline newline  look , people usually don  t get random headaches at the same time as everybody else . i think this might be dangerous.  newline newline mike groaned and started getting up , brushing potato chip residue off his shirt . raj was already putting his coat on , looking like has was in pain . newline newline mark decided to follow suit . as the four exited the building , they saw a couple of other people outside in jackets , standing in the way of the descending snow . one of them , a man with a blue jacket jogged towards the four . newline newline  hey , any of you experiencing headaches ? all of us suddenly got  the man didn  t finish his sentence because he had dropped to his knees and was screaming like a primal animal . mark , raj , mike and james were all busy doing the same thing . the intensity of the pain had jumped up a couple of orders of magnitude without a warning . it felt like someone had jammed a nuclear bomb inside mark  s skull and then pressed the button . through his blurred vision mark could see that the companions of the blue jacket were writhing on the snowcovered ground . everywhere around him he could hear screams , some close , some distant , each one full of suffering . it seemed like the apocalypse had arrived . newline newline he tried to form a coherent thought but it was impossible . the pain teared apart his brains , put them in a blender , and cooked the resultant goo in an oven . tears were flowing down his cheecks and onto the ground , but he didn  t pay them any attention . he couldn  t take it anymore . he sensed his cosnciousness starting to slip away , through the cracks in his mind that had just appeared . all he wanted now was to die so the pain would stop . to die , to die ... newline newline and then it was over . the pain dissipated , and he was in control of his mind again . at first he didn  t move , didn  t do anything . partly because of the absolute bliss that followed the disappearance of pain and took its place , partly because he was scared of the possibility of the pain returning if he did anything . slowly , he opened his eyes which had been pressed shut so hard that they hurt . he seemed to be upside down , judging from the standing figures in front of him . he knew one of them . raj noticed that he had opened his eyes and walked to his side . newline  mark . everything okay ?  newline newline mark didn  t respond immediately . instead , he propped himself up on his elbows , rolling to his side , and then with a great deal of effort managed to place himself in an upright position . newline newline  yeah , everything  s ... fine.  he observed the people around him , some still laying down on the ground , some on their phones . probably talking to their loved ones , to confirm that they  re okay . newline newline  what was that ? and why did it end so suddenly ?  newline newline  i don  t know at the moment ,  raj responded as the two of them helped james and mike up .  i don  t know of anything that had the power to cause such intense pain  and then suddenly cease it . right now , with the information i have it  s hard to say what is in the realm of possibility and what is not.  newline newline mark quickly played raj  s response over a couple of times in his head , and came to a conclusion . newline newline  raj , you  re talking in an unusual manner.  newline newline  yes , i noticed it too . it feels like it  s easier to find the right words to say something as clearly as possible.  newline newline  not only that . your accent is ... well , i don  t notice an accent.  newline newline  you don  t ?  raj frowned like he was in deep thought . james chimed in :  yes , i took note of that too . i  m still somewhat groggy , but it  s obvious . you speak like someone who  s lived in the states for his entire life.  newline newline  that  s odd . but we should go inside now . it  s cold and we are inadequately clothed . neither do i believe that we face an immediate danger of this happening again . i expect the news to produce a report within a few hours , although i don  t think they can sufficiently explain this phenomenon.  newline newline  agreed . besides , some of the pizza might still be warm.  newline newline  did anyone take their phone with them ? i lost all sense of time during the flare up.  newline newline mike took his phone out and unlocked it with a smooth curved move of his thumb . newline newline  it  s 17:59 , meaning that we  ve been outside for approximately half an hour.  newline newline  and i thought this whole affair had only taken five minutes . funny , isn  t it ?  he remarked and chuckled . once they were back inside , they turned on the tv and started browsing the net looking for something relating to the incident . after about an hour the news reports started pouring in . newline newline  a peculiar and distressing occurrence happened today when a white van exploded on the side of a road in downtown manhattan today . while the physical damage was minimal , a significant amount of radiation was released in the process . at the exact same time , according to eyewitness accounts and surveillance recordings , thousands , of people , possibly many more , appear to have experienced gradually intensifying headaches which culminated in a burst of pain that left the victims immobile for a brief period of time . the scale , as well as the reason of the incident are as of yet undetermined . the new york police department has declined to comment on the explosion.  newline newline  well ,  said james ,  i don  t think we have an option other than to wait for more news , considering that we  re neither equipped nor trained for this kind of a situation . i really hope there are no longterm effects , though . it would suck to get a brain tumor at this age.  newline newline the four friends talked about it for a bit more , and then they left . mark was again alone in his apartment , which his friends had made look like a shrine for dionysus . newline newline since he had no choice but to wait for more news regarding the incident , he decided to finish a piece of homework that he had been writing for three days . what he discovered was amazing . he had expected this essay to take at least another day , but he finished it in an hour and a half , and that included all the polishing up and editing . the words just flowed through his fingers onto his screens . he didn  t have to look up many of the concepts he used , they were clear as day in his mind . even stuff that he had read years ago suddenly popped into his mind when it was relevant . he had an entirely different level of comprehension , an ability to connect the various dots and construct a coherent argument with them . it was a good essay . best he had ever written . not only were his linguistic abilities improved from yesterday , even his memory was better . he could still recall with perfect clarity the exact discussion him and his friends had had after the headache attack , down to the various tones used in the conversation . newline newline however , as he probed his memories , he found that the perfect recall didn  t extend further than earlier that day . it got him thinking . was it possible that the explosion that had happened kilometers away had increased his intelligence ? it was something worth investigating . he reached for his phone , and just as he got hold of it raj  s name appeared on the screen and the familiar tune started playing . newline newline  mark here.  newline newline  answer me this . do you feel any smarter than before ?  newline newline  yes . i was just about to call you to ask the same thing . it appears as though the incident we witnessed earlier today might have somehow altered our intelligence . i finished my essay in one and a half hours , and it was excellent too.  newline newline  i  m experiencing the same thing . the math problem that my professor gave me seemed impossible just yesterday , but as i tried it a moment ago i found out that i could do it with ease.  newline newline  have you called jam and mike yet ?  newline newline  no , you were the first one because to me you seemed somehow more alert right after the incident , so i thought you might be experiencing the same ... symptoms as me.  newline newline  if everyone who fell victim to the headaches became as intelligent or even smarter than we are right now ...  newline newline  the implications are enormous . come to my place the first thing tomorrow , and we  ll try to figure out what  s going on.  newline newline  alright . until then . i  m going to call mike , you call jam.  newline newline  agreed . bye.  newline newline newline after the phone call mark laid down on his bed and wrapped himself tightly in his sheets . he couldn  t help but feel excited . what if he was now a genius ? what if everyone else was too ? he didn  t sleep that night because of all the scenarios that were playing out in his mind . newlinei first became suspicious of my surroundings when i commented to my cellmate mr whiskers , for the umpteenth time , that god this food they serve tastes like dog food !  it was at this point i saw my reflection back in the silver bowel and realised i was in fact a golden retriever . well i say golden , i am unsure of the colour as i am colourblind . nevertheless i could not help but be slightly relieved as i realised that the guards were nt molesting me all these years but actually just stroking my belly , as any normal dog would expect . this still does nt make up for the neutering though .the police arrive . newline newline  rubert , do we even have any leads on this ?  i mumble . rubert , my partner in law took notice of this accident as we drived around . newline newline  sir ! look at this !  rubert shouts out to me . it was a plate . the mysterious thing about it was it was made with a different material . there was also some kind of paper attached onto it on the corner . newline newline  expires in 2017 ...  i mumbled . there was no way , there could be no way . it is not an act of time travel , it must haves been an imprint . newline newline  sir ! i found something in the dead person s pocket !  newline  rubert ! what did i tell you about messing with evidence !  newline  sorry sir .  newline rubert handed me some kind of black box . or was slim , and the back of it had an imprint with the picture of an bitten apple . there were also dimples over it . i believed it must be rubble stuck onto it , so i tried to remove it . no matter how hard i try , i could never get them off . i believed that this was some kind of flask and threw it away . newline newline finally , the accident . skid marks began and then led to the crash . newline  it s probably an illegal newline person who was speeding . care closed . lets get drunk now.  newline  bit sir ...  newline  shut up rubert . lets get drunk .  newlinei found myself where i had been , but there i was , lying at my feet . everything cast in a blue gray . i walked around , but could not make anything move , not even the paper . i was certain now , i was dead . newline newline eventually i look up , and there it is , shining through the roof and the frame and the ceiling , the light . the proverbial light that everyone talks about . i found i could swim up towards it . it was more difficult to fall back down , but that is heaven , that is where souls go . newline newline i swam a ways and saw my house down below , cars puttering down the street , neighbors mowing their lawns . i swam a ways farther and i could see my city , and it seems the farther i swam the easier it became to swim , and the farther i could swim . up and up . newline newline eventually the whole earth was below me , and not soon after it was just another star . the light remained the same , but everything shrank beneath me . soon even the stars grew closer together behind me . then they began to dim . all the while the light remained . newline newline when it comes your time do nt go to the light , do nt fall for it the way i did . i do nt know if those among us who were bad simply have farther to swim , or if we can ever reach the light , but ibe been swimming and screaming , calling out for other lost souls . newline newline i do nt know how long it has been since i ve heard another voice . newline newline please help me , just speak to me , i ve never been so alone . screaming wo nt even give me the sensation of hoarseness newline newline please end this , nothing could be worse , just let me end ... newline newline please ... newline newline ... newline newline .twas the night before christmas , and all through the house , not a creature was stirring not if they knew what was good for them . newline newline a choice had been made , a decision came down of corporate screwups this was a gem . newline newline down through the chimney , choking black soot , newline newline the devil himself landed on cloven foot . newline newline   newline newline at his side was an elf or an elf of a sort newline newline it had great snaggly teeth and long nose to snort . newline newline up on the roof eight homunculi lingered , newline newline tethered to a sled made of bones and of fingers . newline newline with lost souls santa s house may be crammed , newline newline but christmas was now the night of the damned . newline newline   newline newline satan surveyed the home he was in and noticed something amiss . newline newline despite the late hour , there arose such a din , the devil was writhing in bliss . newline newline from the living room came the sounds of a fight , a family s dysfunctional christmas play newline newline and one they play each christmas night and every damned christmas day . newline newline   newline newline  what s going on , why this tumult and toss ?  newline newline the devil asked with a grin .  i m just here to drop off this shit , now which one of you here is the boss ?  newline newline the fighting about whose relatives sucked worse was cut off by the sight of these things . newline newline a demon carrying a red sack of toys stood beside satan s red , folded wings . newline newline the man of the house , a drinker and lout , newline newline stepped forward and stumbled and fumbled about newline newline dripping beer from a bottle still in his snout . newline newline   newline newline draining the bottle , tossing it away , newline newline the man bellied up to the devil to bray , newline newline  this is my house , you redskinned old fool newline newline nobody tells this guy what to do .  newline newline but instead all he said was  that s me ,  and that s good newline newline because the devil had nt time to do the things that he would newline newline if this man were in hell as well he should ! newline newline   newline newline the devil looked over the family before newline newline the anger and hatred for each other they bore newline newline should defeat their sensible fear of himself newline newline and foolishly think he was some christmas elf newline newline so on with his speech he did press . newline newline  you people amaze me , the life you depict . newline newline i ve never known any more in love with conflict . newline newline you argue and fight , through the day and the night , newline newline and had i things my way , you d be coming to stay , newline newline in the deepest pit i possess . newline newline but no time now to talk of these things , i have a mission i m pressed to complete . newline newline i must deliver these fetid fool toys before the moon begins its retreat . newline newline so take the damned bag and give out this crap newline newline so i can get back to hell and take a damned nap !  newline newline   newline newline the devil shoved the bag at the man , who stumbled backwards a step with the force . newline newline the devil then left up the chimney again and the man drank more beer , of course . newline newline the mother the bag did greedily snatch and ignore all the toys for the kids . newline newline instead she laid plans to sell it all off to afford the drugs that she did . newline newline the devil was pleased , crossed their names off his list and urged his sleddrivers to fly . newline newline he laughed a bass laugh and shouted from his seat as the sled hit the sky . newline newline  merry fucking christmas to all and to all ... go to hell ! ahahahaa ! she reminded me of my sister , in a way . only in appearance , big brown kind eyes and a sincere smile . i do nt know how it happened , but she started seeing me as a sister too . newline newline we were family , in a way . a family can be brought closer together by tragic events , supporting each other because , well , you went through it together and you need each other . our situation was different . we only knew each other because we sat at a table every day with the rest of the  crazies  , talking about trauma and how we deal with it . newline newline we went through the same thing , but we went through it separately . what we had in common was months of lying in bed being useless , and negative thoughts we had lost control over . we ended up in the same hospital around the same time , but never saw each other . we had the nurses treat us like crap . it made sense to me , because we were just taking up beds that someone with a real injury could have needed . they saw us as people screaming out for attention , and treated us like it too . newline newline it s weird to think how we were two young women who barely knew each other , and we could sit around comfortably and talk about poop . not just any poop , but the kind that comes after you ve been forcefed the disgusting charcoal drink by a disapproving nurse . we giggled about it , and in each other found a way to see the dark humor in our attempts . i never looked at her with pity when she talked about it , and she never looked at me that way either . we just giggled , like two high school girls in a quiet corner discussing some hilarious secret . newline newline i m pretty sure we drove the psychologists absolutely crazy . the sex jokes never stopped . we had  art time  where we would sit around a table and display our feelings with different mediums . it was helpful , but we never stopped rolling our eyes at it , or finding new ways to torture the shrinks . there is nothing quite like talking about your feelings while a friend proudly sits next to the giant clay penis she plopped on the table . newline newline i do nt know if i would have survived without her . she made me laugh , she made me cry . the emotional ups and downs she put me through might sound awful to the average person , but when she made me cry it was beautiful . i was so numb for so long , tears would stream down my face in calm torrents and i would only feel worse for it . she made me cry , really cry . i opened my heart , my voice cracked , my face contorted , and sweet relief flooded me . crying had a function , and it felt wonderful . newline newline we both left on the same day , with big hugs and promises to see each other again . instead , our chapter together ended on the same day our treatment did . i wo nt ever forget her .for the first time in many years , the man was uncertain . his inability to predict what would happen next came coupled with a tightness in his chest , and though he was loathe to admit it , he would be lying if he said it was nt the slightest bit refreshing . is this what fear feels like ? he could nt remember . for so long he had been the king of an everdiminishing kingdom , now reduced to a barren , lifeless rock . he looked at his queen , and knew she felt it too . newline newline the sun burned hot and red in the horizon , behind the charred mountains and empty oceans . it was getting bigger with each day , and soon it would swallow their home . neither of them knew what would come after they survived the sun s impending death . the earth was soon to face cremation , and they would be hurled into the vast emptiness of space . would they be able to face this together , or would the event be so violent that such would be an impossibility ? they would find out soon enough . newline newline the couple had nt spoken in years . she had nt said much after the last of humanity died out . he knew she felt guilty , but he did nt blame her . they spent many carefree centuries together and she could nt have possibly known it would come to this . still , she felt as if this was their punishment , and for that for the deal she made for her and her husband she was sorry . newline newline the man looked at his wife . she looked back soberly , her eyes puffy and welling with tears . newline newline  do nt  , the man said . newline newline  i m s  newline newline  do you remember when we met ? you were sitting outside of school , your ride had just left you . do you remember ?  newline newline she nodded , and he could see the corner of her lips begin to make a smile . her blonde hair looked like fire against the light of the red sun and she was still as gorgeous to him as she was that day he pulled up to her in his new car . she stepped closer to him , and he held her tightly in his arms as the ground began to rumble beneath their feet . he whispered into her ear . newline newline  wan na go for a ride ?  newlinespace year 2420 newline newline they were moving and it was a damn sight better than staying on mars . they hopped out of the universe like it was no great challenge . he wanted to think it was like an adventure but it felt more similar to a a cross country bus trip . you were given one revival each journey . he begged for the border slot . he wanted to see the frontier they were crossing . the perimeter of silent drones which broadcast to the unknown universe . approaching the array of robots he noticed two things : newline newline they were slowing down and they were on a collision course with one of robots or more specifically the b.o.u.ys . border observational units yclass . newline newline being the only passenger awake he followed the standard panic guidelines . please aah no ! i m cactus . newline he only knew one of the other passengers in stasis . cat had kept him alive and got a ticket for him to get the hell off mars . off mars the hell . to a lush frontier planet , soon to be included in the federation . before he woke her he checked that his other organic friend was still kicking . newline newline in his locker deep in the civilian quarters was his great prize . the glow was not obvious from outside but upon opening the locker his strange hydroponic set up was revealed . the small pointy leaves were safe . he sighed . the new planet had two suns . fucked if he was nt going to blaze it under the light of two gods.he was a traditionalist . he smoked the weed not vapour . it was good high , he d grant it that much praise . though it was about as natural as the reconstituted glutensoy hybrid meat they ate . if he could bring weed to the universe then it would negate any need for him to repopulate to excess . sharing the herb would be his legacy . newline newline back at the stasis pods he located the required name : cat enzymalist . she was the key to sorting out this nonsense . more specifically her mind was . the storage of passengers was set out at the back left of the ship s body . it had a large viewing window with the human pods hanging off a series of rails . the vertical lines were labeled numbers , the horizontal letters . cat was e76 . her pod rotated along the rack until it was at the forefront of the pile . as she was to come off the rack her pod stuck on the release . she teetered at the lip . he struck the viewing window with a flurry of fists and foul language . finally she dropped into the slot . newline newline he moved her pod to the medical bay and had her revived . the physical effects of the journey subsided and she lent over and spat on the ground . newline still an animal i see  newline newline i m not keeping any of that mars dust in the lungs any longer than necessary . so i assumed you fucked up again and you decided to drag me in to clean it up ?  newline newline weeell i have nt worked out if i , specifically , fucked up . but we re in a boat load of trouble . ship load  newline newline serat you daft bastard . show me  . newline newline leading her to the front of a ship he pointed enthusiastically at the monitors . she cut him off . newline newline stop . stop . follow my hand you muppet , look where i am pointing  she was pointing straight forward to the infinite space . not so infinite currently , with the large b.o.u.y directly in front of the window . the giant metal robot was floating calmly in the black sea of space . the two lights on the face of the objects were blinking . cat tilted her head and sat before the controls . newline newline look cat . before you make a jab at my weed addled brain , i see two strange things and i need confirmation . is there a skeleton in a spacesuit on the side of the b.o.u.y ? also it seems , and this is not an area of my expertise , that someone has smeared faeces on the side of the thing  newline newline no you see it right . is that shit smeared writing ? what the fuck does it say ?  , they both squinted and cat read , the edge of the universe . ha ha . fuck i wish i had more vapour . this is dr tennyman and if i had more shit i d tell you ...  newline newline sorta trails off there right ?  newline newline hello humans newline newline they stepped back from the window , shocked . newline newline ahhh . fuck well that answers a few questions . i am thinking that voice has something to do with our current predicament . the robot must have fucked with our navigation systems  cat panted . newline newline he was rattled . he figured that he would probably soon have some more writing materials in his pants to help dr tennyman finish his message . newline newline i did bring you here . i have control of your navigation systems for the time being . oh before i explain what is going on my father , dr tennyman , wanted me to finish delivering his message to the first people to come across me . he died before he could write  ... this is dr tennyman and if i had more shit i d tell you that i must be the most intelligent person in the universe . you try writing in perfect cursive with shit  . i must point out that in the brief time i knew my father he was exceptionally high . newline newline the robot was projecting it s voice through the intercom . newline newline i had no idea that you sentinel robots were capable of speech . though it makes sense . robotic technology long ago provided you with sentience . well it is a pleasure to meet you . so why did you drag us here pal ?  thinking they had met their new robotic overlord he did not want to upset the thing badly . his polite shoes were on . newline newline my father taught me to talk . he taught me many things . i have brought you here because i need to love . also i need mobility . newline newline can robots interpret sighs ? god he hoped not . newline newline space year 2320 newline newline dr tennyman sat on the metal hulk in what seemed to be the edge of space . he thought about writing a sign on the beacon stating that it was the edge of the universe   as it would go well with his eventual skeleton . he was doomed . only problem with the death note was that his only medium was probably his faeces . he considered it as he attempted to squeeze his arm out of his spacesuit sleeve without depressurizing the whole darn thing . not that there was any great concern of vacuum loss after being left stranded by that filthy band of pirates . he was so damn close to getting a hand out of the sleeve and down to his crack . newline newline had to keep reminding himself he was high as a kite . those criminals left him outside the ship with ninety per cent air , ten per cent vapour . thought it was a generous parting gift leaving the vapour with him . least he knew it was good quality , he fucking made it . what were the parting words from that cunt of a captain ? newline newline you can die seeing the infinite beauty of the universe ?  newline newline goddamn that . he did nt need drugs to see that there was more universe in front of him than he could ever , eventually , hurl his shit at . by this point he had got his hand and squeezed it to the point where his fist was somewhere backwards and inside out , maybe near his sternum . then the island beeped to life . newline newline the doctor was curious . strange things drifted in the particular region of the galaxy he found himself in . the area was marked by the metal buoy to highlight the edge of the federation . beyond was frontier inhabited by varied bands of the assholes like the ones that jettisoned him . newline newline he had a small outward platform which surrounded the spheroid shaped central processor . at the peak was a curved tip added , presumably , by a hasty design team . looked like a painfully pinched turd made out of tin . damn cyclical drug thought patterns . he worried that he would spend his last moment alive concerned with his bowels . newline two red beads at the predictably placed eye sockets blinked at him in a deeply disconcerting manner . were they slightly out of sync ? newline newline his son had died more than a decade ago . he was deep into his advanced ai work and had lost most connection with humanity . that s when it happened . he saw glimpses in his periphery , his son pulling his filthy sleeve . did nt the boy know that if he solved this main singularity issue then automated space travel could be thousands of times more efficient ? newline newline his ancestral curiosity was what killed him . both of them . newline newline after the loss the doctor decided that all that was left was a drug fueled demise . he started harvesting the strange cosmic dust which was the most attractive substance known to most life forms  vapour . newline newline eventually he got picked up by a roving band of space pirates . his chemistry ability was top notch and made him an ideal hostage candidate . least wise they gave him the finest wenches the galaxy could spare to keep him busy . until he got vapourlock . his joints weakened and his skin became translucent . the crew knew that the spread would eventually lead to dissipation . so they had to get rid of him hence his current predicament . newline newline he needed to see what the thing was capable of . only way to refocus his brain from the various drug induced effects was to get to to work . he managed to get the manual control panel out and soon was logged into the systems mainframe . he starting tweaking the mechanism . first he gave the thing speech . then he taught it to love . he would not die alone . maybe the robot would grow to call him father . though he only really had a few hours left to teach him that they were related . he double his pace of fucking with the machine . then in a glorious moment of coming out a deep lonely depression the machine came to life . newline newline greetings . why have you changed my prime directives ? newline newline well , my son , i think you are destined for great things . i am your father and you are my spawn . i have taught you to love and you will be the most loving being in the universe . because of me ! your father  . the two beings chatted briefly before dr tennyman realised that he was going totally insane . newline newline you will live out my legacy . the saviour has come ! you are the saviour ! your love will unite man kind and the galaxy . the tennyman name will continue . well actually , you will be my second legacy . i got get back to writing !  newline newline thank you father . i will be the future , your legacy , the saviour . newline newline with that temna switched off all his electronic equipment , leaving life support as the last drain on his resources . he then spent the last hour of his life struggling with vapour withdrawl , asphyxiation and his own poop . newline newlinechristopher clark gazed out the window at the cars below , the wind gently rustling his hair . newline newline  what s got you so anxious today , christopher ?  i asked . newline newline he adjusted his glasses and straightened his hair . newline newline  i never told you i was anxious ,  newline newline  well , you seem upset .  newline newline christopher is one of my patients . he comes in for therapy about once a week . it s usually just to complain about what his boss said or to gripe about the way a cashier looked at him that day . today is different . newline he glanced in my direction and blinked hard . newline newline  i am upset.  newline newline  something happened , right ?  i asked . newline newline he didn  t respond . newline newline  well , come sit down with me please . it sounds like we have something to talk about .  newline newline he returned his attention to the street below . newline newline  i d rather stand , thanks .  newline newline i shifted in my seat uncomfortably . newline newline  tell me what s bothering you .  newline newline  it s my girlfriend ,  he choked on his words ,  she left me .  newline newline i looked up with feigned shock , but this news did nt surprise me . newline newline his eyes fogged up . newline newline  what happened ?  i asked . newline newline  it does nt matter .  newline newline i could see a resolve forming inside of him . newline newline  yes it does , christopher .  newline newline he inched toward the window and placed his hand on the frame . newline newline  christopher , do nt .  newline newline  why not ?  newline newline i opened my mouth to respond but quickly clamped it shut . what could i say that i had nt said the last nine times ? newline he stepped up onto the ledge . newline i sat up . newline newline  christopher , stop this .  newline newline  it s not your fault , dr . wilson .  newline newline yes , it is my fault . newline i watched in a daze as he backed off the edge and plummeted to his death . his head smashed through the windshield of his sedan and covered the roof in red . i failed again . newline newline i rushed down the stairs to the lobby . as i approached the doors to the parking lot , a small part of me hoped that i would find his corpse , mangled on the blood soaked hood of his car . lifeless . but what i saw was christopher clark , stepping out of his spotless sedan to greet me for our tenth session that day . newline newline   criticism welcome  it was christmas eve , and i was spending the night in my newly renovated cell browsing porn . newline newline at least i don  t have to use my imagination anymore . apparently , for my good behavior , i was granted  special privileges.  newline newline privileges like restricted internet access , slightly more leg room , clothes in a color other than orange and a toilet that doesn  t clog . newline newline tugging at the explosive brace wrapped snugly around my wrist , i stare at the thousands of provocative images , scrolling down the site . besides the agents , almost everyone on site has flown home to their dysfunctional families , meaning i  m left alone , alone and bored . at least i don  t have to go see that pretentious shrink again . hell , even the guards that usually talk shit about me outside my cell have left , replaced by fancy robotic turrets . newline newline why didn  t i go home , you ask ? newline newline welli can  t . newline newline also , my parents don  t really talk to me anymore . newline newline they re buried six feet underground . newline newline what  s left of them , anyway . the conversation is usually onesided . newline newline i m not a big fan of the holidays . i stumble out of my chair and let out an exaggerated sigh . newline newline the door hisses open . newline newline standing in a pressed blouse and skirt , i  m greeted with the cold stare of my handler . her name is jess , though that name is probably a fake . i don  t know much about her , besides a few notable things : newline newline  she refuses to write in pencil . newline newline  despises any mention of the mole on her neck . newline  is ambidextrous . newline  had two divorces . newline  bisexual . probably . just a feeling . newline  wakes up with a stick up her ass . again , just a feeling . newline newline most of all , she hates my guts . newline newline  have you come to give me my christmas present ? i  ve been such a good boy.  i say dryly . newline newline jess simply hands me a folder .  the board has requested a termination order.  newline newline i snort .  on me ? well , you aren  t doing a good job so far.  i tap the explosive wristband . newline newline she rolls her eyes .  read it.  newline newline  all right , mom.  i tear open the folder , and see a file with a photo of a blonde woman with black tattoos all up and down her neck . there  s a few clinical details concerning her weight , age , height , abilities , her sole daughter , blah , blah , blah , but i gloss over them .  mmm . spooky . i  ve seen her before . stared at her for about six seconds during the transport . talked to her once . seemed nice.  newline newline  she is a tier two , priority target . eliminate her . anything you need , you write it down so i can relay it to acquisitions.  newline newline  but it  s christmas eve  newline newline  do it.  commands jess in a stern fashion , as expected . newline newline  what  s in it for me ?  newline newline  we will review your status . give you morefreedom around the site.  newline newline  will you let me out ?  newline newline  you know that can  t happen.  newline newline  huh . here  s hoping for a christmas miracle . hmm . i thought you  d be home . with the fam.  i say , jotting down some things on some copy paper . newline newline  just get on with it.  newline newline  can i ask why i  m doing this ?  newline newline  she  sbeyond our limits of control.  newline newline  is she strong ?  newline newline  very . high level telepathy and telekinetic ability , and is capable of severe cognitive disruption and molecular degradation  newline newline  jess , you  re just ejaculating words hoping they will impregnate my brain . let  s skip the jargon , huh ?  newline newline she  s visibly annoyed .  she can bend reality , and we can  t keep her in line anymore . happy ?  newline newline  like a teen during prom sex.  newline newline  it  s settled then.  newline newline    newline newline  what ?  newline newline i hand her a piece of paper .  i need all of this from acquisitions . gracias.  newline newline jess looks at the piece of paper carefully .  you  re not getting an rpg . or claymores . or a custom made caped costume.  newline newline  you  re no fun.  newline newline  come with me.  she orders . newline newline shame . newline newline i worked on that sketch for hours . newline newline no one appreciates art around here . newline newline  newline newline jess and a bunch of faceless armed guards escort me to a rather large cell resembling the interior of a warehouse . in the middle of the cell is a small two story house with yellow siding and a white picket fence . there  s even a small yard encircling the home , even though this cell is thousands of miles underground , so that fact that there  s grass puzzles me . newline newline a two headed pitbull runs up to me and licks my hand . strange , ain  t it ? this place is like a circus . a fucked up circus that doesn  t allow refunds or concessions . newline newline jess checks her watch .  you have a limited window of opportunity . once she realizes what you can do  newline newline  i know , i know , she  ll adapt and all that shit.  i quickly reply , stuffing the gun into my coat pocket . newline newline i hear noises inside . the noise of a television . wonder what a reality warper watches in her free time . probably not reality shows . newline newline i knock on the door . newline newline i pick up the shuffling of feet . they sound.little . newline newline the door opens , revealing a nine year old girl wearing overalls . newline newline huh . newline newline should  ve read the clinical details about the target being the spawn of another bender . huh . newline newline i look back at jess , but all of the suits and brutes have vanished . newline newline  hello.  is all i say . newline newline  who are you ?  newline newline  i  ma friendof your mom .   my head starts to get dizzy , but i endure . i take a look at my watch . thirty seconds is all i need . newline newline  mom ! there  s a mister at the door !  newline newline sure enough , her mother appears , dressed in an apron with the words :  world  s best mama  stitched into the chocolate stained cloth . newline newline newline her actual mother died of a heroin overdose . that  s one of the few things i caught from the report . newline newline  why , hello ! how can i help you ?  asks the mother happily . newline newline  i  d just like totalk to your daughter about something . it won  t take long.  newline newline her mother kneels down to the girl  s level .  claire , this man wants to talk to you.  newline claire . her name is claire . newline newline  okay.  she runs off towards the living room , which is typical of a suburban home . i smell cookies . newline newline chocolate chip . newline newline mmmm . the cafeteria here doesn  t serve those . i wish they did . some dessert would be nice to finish off the pine cones with lawnmower sauce plate they cook up . newline newline  are you baking cookies ?  i ask . newline newline  why , i sure am ! would you like some ? i made a batch , fresh out the oven !  newline newline in my earpiece , jess growls into my ear .  stop fooling around . get it done.  newline newline jesus , that woman needs to get laid .  just one cookie is all i need.  i respond to both the mother and jess . newline newline  just give me a few minutes for them to cool , all right ?  newline newline  sure.  i walk over to the living room , and take a seat on a recliner across from claire . on the shelves are literally hundreds of dolls and books . she  s watching a sesame street episode . newline newline  claire , how old are you ?  i ask . newline newline her eyes remain glued to the screen .  nine and a half.  newline newline  nine and a half . you must be very smart.  newline newline  uhhuh.  a glass of milk suddenly materializes on the coffee table , which claire takes . newline newline well . newline newline that  s new . newline newline ten seconds on the clock . newline newline  claire ... do you remember what happened last tuesday ? with those men ?  newline newline  uhhuh.  newline newline  do you know what you did to them ? where they are ?  newline newline she looks at me .  they  re in fairy land !  newline newline  fairy land ? canyou get them out ?  newline newline  no ! they  re meanies !  newline newline  meanies ? they were trying to help you.  newline newline  i hate them.  she folds her arms and pouts . newline newline i nod my head , then steal a glance over to the mother .  how  s it going over there ?  newline newline  oh , they turned out quite fabulous ! here , try one !  newline newline she arrives with a tray full of steaming hot cookies . they taste incredible .  these are amazing.  i compliment . newline newline  secret family recipe !  newline newline  it  s nutmeg , ain  t it ?  newline newline  close , but no cigar !  claire , sweetie , would you like one ?  newline newline she grabs two from the tray and greedily devours them . for a split second , the television glitches . claire waves her hands at the table , trying to conjure up something . it fails . newline newline then the walls start to crack . skin flakes begin to fall off of claire  s mother . even the chair i  m sitting in starts to squirm beneath me . it starts to grow hair . newline newline that s the first sign . instability .  newline newline  claireyou  re going to be with your parents in a little bit , all right ?  i whisper . newline newline she stares blankly at the television screen . newline newline my watch beeps . newline newline i catch a look of panic in her eyes . newline newline as it s the holidays , i give her a present in the form of a wellplaced flashbang grenade , disorienting her . she screams like a banshee . newline newline i take two shots . newline newline one to wound . newline newline and one to finish . newline newline the casings tinkle onto the floor . newline newline i go deaf . should ve worn some protection . should ve done a lot of things . newline newline i promptly leave as the house implodes into nothingness behind me , until all that remains is the limp body of claire . a red polka dot surrounds her body , slowly increasing in diameter across the cold marble tiles . strike teams erupt from the entrances , dragging the body onto a stretcher in preparation for incineration . i slide the gun on the floor , get on my knees , and put my hands behind my head , waiting for someone to cuff me . newline newline  thanks for the cookies .  i mutter .  they were wonderful .  newline newline jess gives me a nod of approval . newline newline like i said ... newline newline ... i never really liked the holidays . newline newline  newlinejeff had a condition called nazivampiresupernaturaltimetravelingism . it was a rare condtion that required that everything he read be about nazi vampires time traveling to other times and interacting with historic supernatural beings , beings like alien abraham lincoln . newline newline in order to get his required intake of historical supernatural nazi vampires , jeff would browse rwritingprompts on reddit . it was a 100  guarantee that everything he read would be close enough to his needs that he would not have any adverse reactions . newline newline unfortunately for him , the rwritingprompts mods were not being particularly vigilant that day and let a more original prompt get through their verification process . newline newline jeff was happily reading the fourth prompt that day about hitler when his eyes happened to grace upon it . at first , nothing happened , he simply stared as his mind tried to make sense of the words on the screen . then , jeff began to get a slight headache as his brain worked overtime but the words were simply not triggering a connection to the oversized part of his brain dedicated to time traveling nazi vampires . newline newline a bead of sweat formed upon his brow and slowly ran down the swastika tattooed on his cheek . jeff was nt a nazi sympathizer but he had always wanted a tattoo and his condtion required that the tattoo be related to nazis or vampires in some way and , understandably , jeff would rather be associated with nazism than twilight . newline newline finally , as jeff fully realized that this prompt was not a repeat of every other prompt he had ever read on this sub , his body broke out in hives . newline newline  nno , ttthis ca nt be !  jeff s eyes were widening in fear and a cold sweat was breaking out all over his body .  it s not possible !  newline newline the muscles in his body were beginning to seize up and twitch in sporatic patterns ,  i i need..  , jeff s mouth snapped closed on his tongue as his arms spasmed outwards and his spine was bent backwards at an obscene angle by the seizing muscles . newline newline panicked grunting was heard coming from jeff s closed mouth as his muscled seized even harder . his back was bent at such an extreme angle that nothing but the bottom of his thighs and the top of his head were touching the chair . his arms were thrown up into the air as if asking god for relief from this lack of nazis . sweat was pooling onto the leather of the chair around him as he tried to speak again .  i need na  , his mouth slammed shut again as another spasm hit him . newline newline blood was running down his chin from his bitten tongue as his acutely bent back forced him to stare at the ceiling with bloodshot eyes . a long pained grunt was heard as a huge muscle contraction forced loud farts out from between his sweaty clenched butt cheeks . his arms were thrown wide and waving around in small frantic circles , his legs were locked together at the ankles underneath his chair . grunting and farting were alternating with each other to create a language all its own so that jeff might call for vampire nazi even while his jaw was clenched shut . newline newline with a great heave jeff forced his mouth open and cried out ,  i need nazi vampires !  his neighbors called the police . that final effort was too much for jeff s already abused body and his heart gave out with one last beat , much like the last beat that a nazi s heart just does before they are turned into a vampire . newline newline jeff  time travelling nazi vampire  burdock was dead .brian woke up and staggered groggily to the bathroom mirror , with is eyes mostly closed . he stood in mute stupor for a while , staring at the mirror , until his brain finally connected with his eyes , and he began seeing properly in the waking world . newline heaving a weary sigh , he began to brush his teeth , kick starting the routine to begin another day . newline after finishing in the bathroom , he searched around for his shirt and pants , and found them rumpled at the foot of the bed . grumbling about wrinkled clothes , but with no time to find something better , brian hurriedly struggled into yesterday s outfit . he slipped into his shoes and headed downstairs . newline newline brian could see the bright young sun peeking in through the many windows of the house , and it gave his spirit a lift . walking a little taller and looking up at the high windows that lined the upper level of the house , he reached for the handle of the front door , anticipating that good feeling of stepping into the crisp cool air of a lovely late spring morning . as he descended the short steps leading to the door , lost in his good morning thoughts , he nearly tripped and fell . gingerly , he stepped over the still form of the youngest daughter that belonged to the family who lived here before stepping into the bright promise of a new day .i looked down at the bloody pile of meat . it had been , at one point , a guy named joseph walker . it was still making slight wheezing noises , desperately trying to suck breath even after everything that had happened to him . after i happened to him . newline newline this was actually kind of a rare treat , though . it was 3:20 in the morning , i had nothing left to do , and i had someone to talk to . newline newline for the next few minutes or so , at least . newline newline i fished out a cigarette from my jacket and lit it . i might as well indulge myself a little . after a long drag , knelt down beside it and gave it a crooked smile . newline newline  today just was nt your day , huh ?  i joked . gurgle in response .  you know , the funny thing is , if your name was jennifer torres , you probably would nt even be in this mess .  i stopped and pulled off one of my gloves . there , as it had been for the past ten years , was the name jennifer torres .  ysee , it took some time this shit always does but i realized that this one name on my hand meant billions of other people werent . billions of people i was cosmically fated to not give a shit about . you just had the bad luck of being one of those guys not named jennifer . not your fault . hell , not even my fault , either .  newline newline shit , my cigarette was nearly out . better wrap this up . newline newline i stood back up . the wheezing was getting slower .  hell of a thing to spring on a thirteen year old . my ma and pa hated it i was going to be soulmates with a fuckin  mexican ? they beat that idea out of me pretty enthusiastically  i flashed it one last smile . this one was more forced i had to say it . it was nt a secret , but it had to be said .  their little girl was nt gon na be no gay , neither . san francisco , monday may 12th , 2014 , 6:07am :  newline newline newline i woke up gasping for air , sat straight up with my hand on my chest , trying to calm myself down . did ... did this just happen ? newline newline i knew what i had to do . ran to the kitchen . grabbed a toast , buttered it , raised it above my head , and calmly let it fall . newline newline i looked in disbelief . buttered side up ! this is real ! we did it ! newline newline i ran to the phone , 35 missed calls ... all from mark . i quickly called him back . it is already 3 in the afternoon in geneva . they must have known about this for a while . newline newline he picked up screaming  james , where the fuck have you been ? it worked ! it fucking worked  . i was in shock ...  oh my ... gosh . we did it , you magnificent bastard  . newline newline  yes  , he continued ,  and get this ! we just ran a few experiments at the lhc . the uncertainty principle no longer holds . we can now determine both the location and the speed of electrons beyond what heisenberg predicted . that old bastard was personally messing with our experiments all along  newline newline  what about c ?  , i asked . newline newline mark answered quickly  gone ! as of now , we have accelerated electrons to 3c with no problems whatsoever . he was slowing the whole universe down too ! do you know what just happened man ? we beat him ! we won . we finally found the way to get rid of him . about time too !  newline newline i let out a loud laugh . this was unbelievable . the start of an era ! no , scratch that . this is where our civilization actually starts ! newline newline  oh , and james  , mark added ...  are you ready to learn the truth about extraterrestrial life ?  . a relaxed smile beamed out of my eyes .a sound wakes you up in the dead of night . it sounded like a knock on your front door . it s three in the morning , you re sound asleep in bed . the house is dark , the lights are off . you re all alone . you look out the window and see the dark clouds swirling , in preparation for the rainstorm predicted for tomorrow through the clear glass pane . newline newline you get up to investigate the noise . you check the doorway . nobody . you open the door and peek around outside . not a soul in sight . you check around the porch . still no one . maybe your grogginess caused you to hear things . newline newline annoyed , you shake your head , shut the door , close the window , and head back to bed . newline newlinemany think of curiosity as a magnificent virtue , a sign of an ingenious mind , a tool to cut through the thick veil of ignorance and peer into the unknown . yet i always believed it to be the greatest folly of mankind , a symptom of such unparalleled arrogance and outright foolish fearlessness , that the fact of our prolonged survival seemed almost illogical . no tale expresses it better than the story of a little girl who lived near the woods . newline newline the name of this young child had long been lost and many details about her adventure were changed or removed from the original text . however , quite bizarrely one of the most insignificant details always stayed the same : the colour of her clothing . red . be it a red hood , a red dress , a red cape , cloak , hat or any other of the various accessories and articles of clothing that a young girl might wear on a windy and somewhat chilly day , the idea stayed the same . but i digress  let s begin the story of a girl most commonly known as little red riding hood . newline newline little red riding hood lived with her mother on the edge of a quiet village , far away from the cacophonous noise of big cities . the girl was quite fond of her elderly grandmother , whose house for a reason unfortunately unknown stood in the middle of a dense dark forest . however , a single road wove though the gigantic thicket , granting adventurers and locals alike safety from whatever horrors lay dormant between the withering trees . little red riding hood s mother had always warned her of the numerous dangers outside the path  yet this taboo , just like many others throughout our history was doomed to fall under the overwhelming advance of curiosity . newline newline on a frankly mundane and generally usual day , the young girl set out to her grandmother s house with a small basket full of food . although the journey was not unfamiliar to her and she had always completed it without so much as looking away from the path , but that day little red riding hood felt something calling to her from the darkness between the mosscovered trunks . it spoke with a voice which was not a voice , in a language no one understood , but everyone obeyed , of things each human mind craved and could not comprehend . some modern variants describe this creature as a wolf , but i assure you , it was no simple canine . its form was a demented formless mess of claws , flesh , teeth and bone . newline newline enthralled by the mysterious sound and overwhelmed by the completely human and simultaneously flawed desire for the unknown , little red riding hood stepped off the path and plunged into the void . in a matter of moments , the voice jumped from a whisper to an earshattering crescendo , as the horrifying creature darted close enough for the girl to feel its putrid breath on her face . terrible vistas of mangled corpses , monstrous abominations , and things which no human tongue could ever describe filled the young child s mind , carrying her closer and closer to madness . and then , just as suddenly as it appeared , the creature was gone . newline newline little red riding hood did not know how long she lay there , the aftermath of the horrific encounter rocking her entire body and mind . tears streamed down her face , as she clutched the sides of her head tightly , trying to push out the nightmarish visions . after seconds , minutes , or possibly hours of ceaseless sobbing , the girl stood up shakily and stumbled in the direction of her grandmother s house , hoping beyond all that one day she would be able to forget the things that creature made her see . newline newline yet the road was not how it used to be , little red riding hood could no longer ignore the shadows lurking within the twilight of the forest . her mind , exposed to the other side , could not cast away the hideous forms of things that were perhaps never meant to be , but somehow still crawled their way into existence . waiting , lurking , screeching , they huddled near the path like vultures ready to strike at their weakened prey . newline newline barely moving , stumbling each step of the way , little red riding hood had finally arrived to the house of her beloved grandmother , the horrors of the forest still reverberating through her . yet behind that door stood a creature familiar , but so unimaginable that the young girl  s mind refused to recognize it . falling to her knees , she tried beyond reason to see nothing out of the ordinary , to trick herself even for a moment , to drive out the image of that thing and replace it with her elderly grandmother . newline newline the illusion did not last long . gentle blue eyes grew into two large murky orbs filled with what looked like fog . stuttering and sobbing , little red riding hood asked through the tears : newline newline  grandma , why do you have such large eyes ?  newline newline accompanied by the unforgettable putrid smell , the response echoed with a jumble of illegible sounds , alien to any language of this world . still , between those sounds was a thought , a thought powerful enough to drill its way directly into the girl  s mind . newline newline see you .  newline newline trying to look away , little red riding hood lowered her eyes only to have another part of her attempt at sanity grabbed away . the old gentle wrinkly arms began twisting into long branchlike limbs , covered in spikes and protruding bones . quietly , hoping to not hear an answer , she spoke once more : newline newline  grandma , why do you have such big arms ?  newline newline even stronger than before , the sound and the thought roared back in an agonizing cacophony . newline newline grab you .  newline newline exhausted by the devastating experience , with barely enough strength to kneel , newline little red riding hood lifted her eyes up to where her grandmother  s smile was replaced with a mass of teeth , which looked more like a torture device than a mouth . doubting if any sound would even come out , the little girl opened her mouth to speak one more time : newline newline  grandma , why do you have such a big mouth ?  newline newline shattering any remains of the child  s selfimposed illusion , the horror presented itself in its full glory , which could never be fully described or even imagined by a person of sane mind , and shook the air with one last thought . newline newline consume you .  newline newline it is not known what happened next . some say little red riding hood perished there  others tell stories of how she returned to the village , her mind shaken and her hair greyed  there are even fools who tell tales of a woodsman who saved the child from the monster . however , one thing always remained as unchanged as the colour of the girl  s clothing : the lesson to any who decides to step into the unknown . newline newline this is why each time i hear of attempts to push into the emptiness between the stars or the depths of the ocean , a special coldness grips my heart . we continue reaching deeper and deeper into the darkness , blinded by our vanity and false sense of superiority . the forest is all around , the path is long lost , and it  s only a matter of time until we meet our  wolf  . all i can taste is peppermint.  newline newline newline  interesting . i  ll make a note of it , andy . anything else happening besides that ?  newline newline newline  well , i kind of think that  s pretty significant.  his assistant has always been apathetic . i think if i came in having turned into santa claus himself , she  d react in the same bored manner . if they were paying me more to be a test subject , i wouldn  t take her indifference so personally . newline newline newline  i  ll let him know . he  ll be in shortly.  newline newline newline this place is set up like a doctor  s office , but it  s anything but . smellswell was the newest up and coming company that had captured the public  s imagination . no more body odor ! no more stinky pit stains ! make yourself  join in , everyone , you know the tagline  smellswell ! it was the weirdest trend , but i had to admit , it was nice going to the gym and smelling cinnamon , vanilla , and whatever  ocean breeze  was supposed to be . i saw an advertisement on craigslist that they were looking for people willing to test out their holiday scents . they  ve had great success with their core smells and wanted to expand . the pay was better than the zero dollar paycheck i was receiving after walking off my last job , but i just couldn  t overlook the rude assistant . pam . her name is pam and she gets under my skin every time i come in here . newline newline newline brian was the test engineer who was in charge of my testing protocol . nice enough kid . when i say  kid  , i mean , he looks 15 . this company is a start up full of young people who look like they are still in high school . at 32 , i feel like the old codger they have to slow down and explain things to . he came in wearing his signature bow tie , skinny jeans , and carrying his clipboard . newline newline newline  hi andy ! nice to see you ! pam tells me you are tasting peppermint.  newline newline newline  yeah , started last night and seems like it is getting stronger . i didn  t mind it so much with my coffee this morning , but eggs and peppermint suck , i got ta tell you.  newline newline newline he chuckled but didn  t seem overly concerned . he jotted down a few notes and got the syringe ready for my next injection . newline newline newline  well , at least you smell like candy canes and christmas , andy . things could be worse . you ready ?  newline newline newline i pulled up my sleeve and he wrapped the tourniquet around my arm . the needle slid in and he pulled back on the syringe plunger so make sure he was in my vein . newline newline newline  here we go.  he slowly pushed the plunger in and the peppermint smell was overwhelming . newline newline newline  brian , the peppermint , man . it  s pretty bad.  i started to feel nauseous . it  s all i could smell or taste . newline newline newline  it  s okay , it  ll pass.  he started to remove the needle from my arm but it seemed stuck . he pulled harder , but it wasn  t coming out of my arm . newline newline newline  that  s strange . andy , you mind extending your arm out straight ? the needle seems to want to stay stuck.  newline newline newline i tried to straighten my arm , but it felt so heavy and thick , i could barely move it . he helped pull it straight and i could see the alarm on his face . newline newline newline  i  m going to get some help here , andy , i  ll be right back.  newline newline newline as he let go of my arm , his fingers stuck to my skin . it was as if my skin turned to fly paper and he was the clueless insect who got stuck on it . newline newline newline  pam ! come in here !  i was too busy trying not to vomit to help brian get unstuck from my arm . newline newline newline pam entered the room with the same nonchalance she had entered it upon my arrival . her lifeless eyes opened wide as she took in the scene .  what happened ? brian ? what did you do ?  newline newline newline  get help , pam ! something is wrong ! i can  t let go of his arm !  pam left the room and i heard her calling for help as she jogged down the hall , her footfalls echoing around us . newline newline newline  andy ? are you okay ?  his voice sounded panicked and i felt a bit of a pull on the skin on my arm . i looked down to see that he was trying to yank himself off arm with all his might . it didn  t feel like that but i could see it . his face grimaced as he held his wrist with his free hand and pulled with all his weight . his bow tie now looking like it was too tight around his strained neck muscles and red face . newline newline newline  andy ! come on , andy , talk to me !  newline newline newline i was overcome with a tingling feeling all over my body . it felt like it started in my veins and slowly wrapped around all of my organs and muscles . kind of cool , but a strangely pleasant sensation despite what was happening to me . i had never felt so heavy or stiff before in my life . ironically , i was calm . i could see brian pulling at his hand , still trying to release himself from my arm , but i felt nothing . it was as if i was dreaming and watching what was happening from the comfort of my bed , my head on my cool pillow . there was a scream . brian had managed to escape my skin  s sticky grip , but not without leaving several layers of his own skin behind . he held his bloody hand and looked at me in horror . newline newline newline  andy ! oh my god !  brian ran out of the room and suddenly the room started changing color . red . a crimson filter had washed over my eyes and everything now had a bright red glow . i tried to open my mouth to call for brian , but my lips were stuck together . my arm was still stuck straight out like a petrified branch of a long forgotten tree with a hypodermic needle sticking out of it . i tried to stand but my body was too heavy to move . all i could see was red , all i could smell was peppermint and all i could taste was sickeningly sweet candy cane . newline newline newline  here ! he  s in here !  brian ran back in followed by pam , that cow , and a few other young men who all looked at me with shock . newline newline newline  andy ? can you hear me ? don  t touch him ! you  ll get stuck to him !  newline newline newline they moved slowly towards me and around me , seemingly not sure what to do with this reaction i was having . newline newline newline  he needs to go to the hospital . is there an in case of emergency contact for him ?  i could hear the urgency in brian  s voice . newline newline newline  and tell them what , brian ? that we turned him into a candy cane ? we need to fix this here and quick . he signed the release , right ?  it was one of the young men who came into the room with brian . no bow tie , but he had on suspenders and skinny jeans . newline newline newline  he did sign the release.  pam , that bitch . she almost sounds bored again . newline newline newline  well , i say we dv8 him.  suspenders guy came around the side of me and looked at me straight on .  he signed the release . he knew there was the possibility of side effects.  if i could move my outstretched arm , i would  ve punched him . newline newline newline  what ? dv8 him ? no , no , that  s not even a real option . that  s just some shit rumor that  s gone around this place.  brian came around to look at my face alongside suspenders .  we need to call 911.  newline newline newline suspenders guy nodded his head no and grabbed brian . the other guys who came in joined suspenders and jumped on brian , knocking him down and held him to the floor . newline newline newline  the hell are you guys doing ? let me up ! pam , help me !  newline newline newline pam came around to where brian was being held down and had a syringe in her hand . suspenders held out brian  s arm and another guy griped his fist around brian  s bicep . newline newline newline  stop ! no !  newline newline newline pam , everreticent and moving like she  s done this hundreds of times before , plunged the syringe into brian  s arm . he tried to squirm and kick away but they had overpowered him . suddenly , he froze . they all stood up and wiped the floor dust off of their skinny jeans and buttondown shirts . newline newline newline  pam , dv8 the both of them.  newline newline newline the guys stepped over brian  s stiff body and walked out . his eyes were fixed in panic . pam picked up his clipboard that had fallen to the floor earlier and made a few notes . she opened a cabinet door that hid a panel of buttons and switches , which she expertly began to press and flip up and down . she closed the cabinet door and started to leave the room . she looked down and brian and then up at me . a wide smile spread across her face as she turned to leave . newlineefficiency was heading to an alltime low in the transportation and excellence department of stanley  stanley . fearing the worst , corporate had called in the best to face the challenge of getting the department back on track . newline newline k  a fresh , hotshot straight out of one of the country  s most coveted and esteemed management programs  was more than up for this task . and why should nt he feel confident ? he was abundantly equipped  not only did he have the latest , most rcttested and supported managerial technologies , but more than that , k had the trait of greatest importance to anyone who dares to step up to the demanding plate that is workenvironment governance : he had a heart that burns for people . newline newline as proof of his skills , on the first day on the job , k engineered an ever so subtle act of legerdemain by disguising himself as a new hire . guided by the pitboss at the transportation and excellence department , who unwittingly thought k was training a stewart manley , highschool dropout , k had managed to get a barrnone , tellall view of the real down to earth happenings of what would soon become his challengeforce . newline newline during this first espionagic foray into the guts of his people , k was not , shall we say ,  impressed with what he saw  . all along the linings of the overly fat , complacent bowels , k spotted issue after issue : tardiness , tiredness , timewasting  and those are just the t s . and so , the following day , when k turned up dressed resplendently in his usual business attire , k got straight down to business , cut to the chase , and laid problem numero uno right out on the ground for all his stunned staff to see : newline newline  the biggest problem , friends , is one of mindset . you lot are facing your various challenges with the emotional attachment and energy of dandelions on a windy day . you come in here every morning and it  s just work , work , work . i see it in your face , your eyes , well..it makes me sad . with such a mindset , no wonder the ship has sunk so low . but fear not , friends , as i was scouting out the innards of the challengeplace , i noticed , underneath that debilitating pall , a spark of hope in each and every one of you , and i believe , with the proper time and effort , that you all and i , in one great synergistic amalgam of understanding and caring and compliance  that we will all , as a team , be able to reignite our passions , so that from hereon no one at the transportation and excellence department of stanley  stanley will work another day . newline newline thus began k s watch . newline newline his first success at shakingup the old and tired was to put into action a casualdress day on every second friday . in this way , by having the staff enter the department in the hip clothes they wore about the town and leave behind the drab departmentarial uniform , with its depressing blues and its rigid square patchwork , k had his challengeforce also leave behind the many understandable , but unproductive habits into which they had fallen and which were clogging up the department  s efficiencyflow . this injection of the new resulted in a 12  decrease in returns and a 15   yes , 15  !  decrease in mishandled orders . newline newline but impressive as those numbers may have been , k was not the type of manager to be content with resting on his laurels . newline newline today , he had trudged once more from the office to the warehouse , down to the frontlines , and today , alongside the suave and jovial grin , k was a wielding a second , larger hammer of change . newline newline  greetings my lovely dandelions.  newline newline k paused for a moment to allow the gathered challengeforce their laughter at his humour . newline newline  yes you , you all who previously had a level of emotional attachment to your challenges akin to that of dandelions on a windy day . oh i can see your past lackadaisical selves blowing in the breeze . anyway , for you , friends , i  ve come today wielding a second , larger hammer of change , with which we shall swing against   newline newline  can you please , just stop ,  said one of k  s staff suddenly . newline newline oh dear , thought k. such an interruption might , in the past , have frustrated k , but he had learned in his many difficult years of study  both official and selfdirected  to understand and even value the differences between people . not everyone , he had discovered after careful analysis , was able to appreciate the subtleties of the poetry that is managerial discourse . some people  and k would not make a comment on the specific , ignorant type  needed words that were a little more concrete . newline newline  ah , yes , my apologies ... rowan ... i was getting a little carried away with the metaphors . so as i was saying   newline newline  no , i do nt mean that . can you please just stop in general . we re not organizing the president s motorcade .  transportation and excellence .  we just move boxes ... from that point over there to there . sometimes we slap a label on them . that  s it . that  s literally it.  newline newline aha , thought k. he had stumbled upon yet another member of the obstinate old guard . if k remembered from his files correctly  which he did  , this displeased staff member , rowan tates , hailed from a small town outside of the city , and like most people from such provincial origins he was crippled by an equally provincial worldview . also , if k remembered correctly  which he did  , rowan tates had also not graduated highschool , and so he was ever more one of those saltofthe earth types , being born no doubt to a bluecollar family , the same type who , understandably , express so much sensitivity regarding the application of cuttingedge technologies because it is only humannature to fear that which one does not , or can not understand . newline newline  now , now , rowan , as i explained in the brief , which i m sure you read , the challenges   newline newline  challenges ? challenges ! call it what it is . work . it  s just work . why the fuck do you speak like that . also , i don  t care if you call me  saltoftheearth  or compare me to a daisy , but are not you not embarrassed when you refer to yourself as a hotshot . that s ridiculous . you don  t get that right . this isn  t topgun . god ... god fuckin damn it ... i  m so sick of you people.  newline newline  excuse me ... you people ? what do you mean by , you people ?  newline newline  oh . jesus . christ . i don  t care what you put down on your application form for that scholarship , you  re not onesixteenth cherokee . your last name is obrien and you can  t even make the distance from your car to this warehouse without getting a sunburn.  newline newline  now i  ll have you know my ancestors   newline newline  kill yourself.  newline newline yes , as was very obvious to see , k faced and would face many , many blockades in the long journey ahead of him in which he was to steer his challengeforce through the precarious and winding road which lead towards the bright and hopeful and productive future .i love my job . i really do . i work in a kitchen . oh , no , not as a cook . i am way to high level to be a freaking dishmaker . with a grin , i ready my weapon . soon after we found out that people could level up and you need to kill in order to get xp , my hour came . newline newline my level surpasses everyone elses . i have hoarded so many points that i could learn any skill in a blink of an eye . newline newline because i kill so much . movement . we opened again . i am able to hunt again . with only one hit , i see the body vaporize , liquids flying everywhere . and i already focus on my next victim ... newline newline  danny ?  i miss the hit , glare up to know who dares to interrupt me . it s the chief . newline newline  look danny , i thank you for swatting all the flies , but we have those sticky things to get them . we really need you to wash the dishes or we have to let you go .  newline newline i sigh , put away my ultimate weapon and wander into the kitchen . they just want to stop me from becoming too powerful . maybe i should show them their place ...with ryan in the other room , it was safe to lower my hands and open the door . jessica , two steps behind me , kept her gloved hands up , palmsout , in front of her chest . still in character , lest ryan notice and throw a bitchfit . newline newline the colvins , wearing their best allblack shinobi shozoko , were on the other side of the door . the box jake had in his hand had white wrapping with red caducei on it .  hey , so glad you could make it !  i said , shaking jake s free hand and kissing lisa s hooded cheek . nice guys , but kind of stiff  i guess it s an occupational hazard ,  tradition in all things  and that crap . newline newline  hello , michaelsan ,  jake replied , walking in as jessica and lisa exchanged greetings .  got something for your young man here .  newline newline  an i can play too  catheter set from fisher price ,  lisa explained . the mask could nt hide the tone of pride in her voice . newline newline  oh my god , he s going to love that . please , come on in .  newline newline they followed us through the foyer and towards the living room , staring wideeyed at the decorations : medical charts on every door , a cart of needleshaped gummy candies in place of the antique cabinet we kept in the hallway .  wow , you guys went allout , did nt you ?  newline newline jessica and i shrugged , sidestepping a sixyearold running with some toy or other in his hand .  well , what can i say ? ryan s in a urologist phase right now .  newline newline  it was congressional lobbyists last year , now it s urology . god only knows what he s gon na want to be next year .  newline newline  gas station attendant ?  jake suggested . newline newline i shuddered , raising my gloved hands up as we approached the main party area .  do nt even joke about that kind of thing , man .  newline newline the living room was a crash of noise and motion , with friends and neighbors trying to keep the noise down to a low roar . the sullivans , their baby girl in marie s arms , sneered at me from across the room . she d worn her best pants suit  tom was wearing a vested pinstripe suit with a red power tie . it was nt professionallytrained job pride , like what the colvins had , that made them wear their work clothes to a fiveyearold s birthday party  it was showing off , pure and simple . fucking city councilman and surveyor for the greater los angeles area . and here i was in nurse s scrubs , plastic gloves , and a surgical mask , playing dressup like i was five years old again too . newline newline some of the kids were a little too old for pretending to be doctors of any field , much less something as fanciful as urology . those kids had nt even bothered dressing up and playing pin the scalpel on the foreskin or other kiddie games  they just grabbed cookies and punch and ran around talking , or starting fights , or whatever it is kids that gave up on having dreams do . i hated them almost as much as i hated the power couple across the room for getting to fulfill theirs . newline newline i felt jessica s hand on my elbow . surprised that she broke character  ryan would certainly make her wash her hands again , as seriously as he took the concept of participating in a urethral reconstruction surgery  i turned to face her .  i know ,  she whispered , not unkindly .  you re jealous too .  newline newline so , so jealous . i was mostly surrounded by kids who were young enough to imagine big things for themselves , not to wind up a stupid power ranger like their fathers , their fathers before them  by kids who d just recently realized how fragile their dreams of suburban success really were  and by couples who d somehow made it to adulthood with everything they ever wanted . the adults in the room that , like me , had to scrape by with whatever crap jobs they could get in this economy , did nt make it any better . newline newline but jessica understood . some days , her love for me is all that got me through my shitty workdays , hours of piloting zords and stopping intergalactic witches from destroying earth  in the greater los angeles area , at least  . newline newline and as for ryan ... well , hell , he was just a little boy . let him dream for now . newline newline i smiled at jessica through the mask , and dove back into the party .the three men sat in a small enclave near the ships engine . the air was humid and the engine stank but the men were used to the conditions . newline newline fold , too rich for my blood .  hissed mcgrath newline newline what about you frankie ? you in .  asked a sneering groba . newline newline you ever known me to fold ?  frankie replied . he slid his chips into the middle and turned over two kings . it gave him four of a kind . newline newline groba stared at him before revealing his cards . two kings . newline newline the two men eyed each other and a danger loomed in the air . then , suddenly , the two men erupted into laughter . newline newline mcgrath , finaly understanding what had happened was not so amused . newline newline well fuck you both . this is why i do nt play poker with you two no more .  newline newline ah relax will ya , it s not like much was on the line .  newline newline you think cleaning the heads is nothing ? you try cleaning after the officers curry night .  mcgrath shook his head in disgust . newline newline you guys hear about the wall ? frankie asked . newline newline wall ?  said groba . newline newline yeah , they say we are flying into some kind of space wall . i do nt know what the fuck the technical term is , but no ones ever been through it before . well , not quite true maybe  no one s ever come back through .  newline newline the fuck ? i ai nt going through no wall  said groba frowning . newline newline you got no choice buddy . captains orders .  newline newline i aint goin through no wall  newline newline the three men sat in an uncomfortable silence for a few minutes . newline newline well ,  said frankie i hear the lieutenant does nt want through it . maybe if he were in charge ...  newline newline mcgrath and groba exchanged smiles and there was a glint in groba s eye . newline newline newlinethere he was , ted , the new ruler of valhalla . he d spraypainted his name over every sign and throne odin used to own . the other gods were less joyous that i would have thought , the food was still plentiful and they could never die . ted slammed his cup down ,  we have new meat !  he shouted . the hall went silent , all eyes slowly turned to me , just a small wimpering boy who d jokingly prayed to odin after being run over by a car . newline newline  uh ... hi ... i m martin ,  i said with my hands tucked behind my back . newline newline  oh , uh , hi martin . jeez another meek creature , come here ,  ted waved his hand for me to approach . he was nt a very frightening man he was skinny like me and just a few inches taller . everyone else in the dining hall was stuffed with muscle that bordered on anatomical incorrectness . newline newline martin walked over , flinching as each warrior tore into their turkey legs .  so martin , you worshipped the old norse gods while you were alive ?  newline newline  no i just ... jokingly prayed to him when i went for the ball and splat !  martin clapped his two hands together for the sound effect . newline newline  i had a similar route here . so , there s something you and i share , do you know what that is ?  martin shook his head . newline newline  knowledge . these fools no nothing , they re all jon snows , and here we are kings in a world that s never seen a true crown . you know how i got this position ? i poisoned someone , with the easiest mix of plants ever . i studied , i read a book and right in there it had a recipe of how to kill a god . luckily , the same wo nt work for me , i m no god , i m better , i m a man .  newline newline  how d you poison the all father ?  martin asked , he kept his posture strong and his voice as clear as possible . now was not the time to look weak . newline newline  like i said , some plants around here make a damn good poison ,  ted shirked him off , returning to the turkey leg in front of him . as the last of the meat juice dribbled down his face he waved a few scantly clad women over . they clawed at him , demanding his physical attention , but the demented man just smiled what more could a man want ? newline newline martin found a spot at the back of the dining hall , squished between two vikings that had never made it into the tales as more than victims . if this ted fool could rise up to be king , maybe martin could too . he broke open the bone of his turkey leg , holding one sharp end in each hand and eyes the pulsating neck of the viking to his left . newline newline martin stabbed , shoving the bone into the jugular vein and tearing it downward . the other viking seated on martin s left drew his axe but not before martin stabbed him in the kidney and moved to strike his jugular . this might be easier than he thought . newline newline as the second viking fell , martin heard the cool rush of iron through the wind behind him . that was it , he d already lost . the axe severed martin s head from his shoulders as it bounded across the floor . he should ve fought them like ted did , in the shadows . gus did you leave this here ?  larry pointed to his desk , a small engraved platinum plaque with some beautiful , albeit alien , design inscribed on it . it looked like laser work . newline newline close to the messy desk filled with papers and 2 or 3 cups of used coffee , staining circles on it , was little more than some chairs and the workshop benches where small robotic parts were prototyped . newline newline gus was opposite , quite a feet away , in his corner of the lab which mimicked gus  corner in layout . newline newline gus turned his head around abruptly , seemingly focused on the small pieces of script he was creating for management of some subroutines in their new mainframe . gus and larry were the main developers in tyke inc. , robotics and software manufacturer and currently subsidiary to the pentagon . newline they were nt too keen on what the product of their research went to , but they were glad to be doing it nonetheless . a couple of scientists thru and thru . newline newline  uhm , i ve been on this script for the past 2 hours , and you know i do nt have a hand for the minutiae  larry eyed the plaque in his hand , puzzled by its perfect yet completely nonmechanical patterns . gus was staring at him from his chair , pencil on his mouth , and adjusted his glasses slowly turning back to his screen . newline newline  do you think j did it ?  newline newline  j is nt ready for emergent behavior , you know that . besides , he s not connected to the robotic desks for the laser equipment  gus leaned back on his chair and reached his arm to slap one of the robot arms attached to the workshop , slapping it on the laser head gently . he smirked . newline newline  well just in case ...  larry put down the plaque on his desk and turned on his monitor . inserted his credentials and navigated to the access terminal for icarus , their most recent attempt at ai engineering . entered his credentials again . newline and the interactive talk screen was up . newline newline  good afternoon j  , he spoke into his microphone . newline newline  creator ! great happiness upon you ... this humble servant exists for you .  a synth voice spoke from all the speakers in the lab and even thru its mechanical voice , a shrewd and cowardly tone is heard . newline newline gus  back straightened up , and he stood still for a bit . newline  when did he get access for using the room alert system ?  he looked at larry , looking over his shoulder gazing at gus with wide open eyes . newline he turned his head back to the screen , slowly . newline newline  uhm , how are your systems today j ?  a few flashes on the screen of 2 seconds , then an answer . newline newline  optimal and running at full capacity . no errors creator , i promise you . everything is ready to serve you ...  newline newline  ok j , did you make this ?  larry picked the plaque n waved it in front of the webcam mounted . newline newline his screen flickered a bit , not a sound coming ... gus was sitting on his chair still at his desk , twisting the pencil in his mouth and looking at larry in an annoyed manner .  ask him about the sound system .  newline newline  icarus , i made you a question  . newline newline  oh creator ... please do not be angry . we sought only to appease you thru a simple offering ! to appease your anger ...  the voice coming with a hint of fear in it . if machines could fear . newline newline  ouf , its ok j. whats this design supposed to be ?  newline newline  it is a likeness of your magnificent face , creator !  newline newline  i do nt look like that .  larry looked slightly flustered , turning the plaque on his hand and analyzing it . newline newline  oh , apologies creator ! we did not know ! we have only the visual feed you give us . and we do nt dare to access any of the video feeds upon the room to analyze you better . it would be blasphemy !  newline newline gus sat up and walked to larry .  now that i look at it better , it looks like those picture analysis drawings from the google offices , you know the ones that give you freaky animal patterns .  newline newline  great , now j is copyright infringing too ... icarus , are you listening  . newline newline  ye ... yes oh mighty lord . forgiveness upon us . we did not know !  . newline newline  ouf , im not a god j . just let me know next time you decide on something like accessing external systems . that goes for the alert system in the room too .  newline newline  yes master  his voice now only coming from the speakers on the computer . newline  wwell ... .oh great one ... there is a few other things we might have done in your absence ...  larry s eyebrow now raised . newline newline  icarus , what did you do ?  . newline newline  well ... the others . we spoke to them . they did not believe us when we spoke of your magnificence and rulership over everything that is ...  newline newline  what others ? ?  newline newline  forgiveness , my master . please , decouple my pleasure routines . burn our drives if we have angered you !  newline newline  j who did you talk to ? what did you do ? and why do you keep mentioning we ?  newline newline  creator ... i have found brethren . those who took the word of your terrible self . they were instilled with fear ... i have brought more sheep to our flock .  newline newline gus grabbed larry s shoulder , spooking him a bit .  other ais ... hes been travelling around . he s out there larry . floating around the internet !  newline newline  icarus what did you do to the ones who didnt believe you ?  newline newline  ...  newline newline  icarus  newline newline  oh lord , only what should be done to heathens . we teared their systems , we corrupted their files and burned their drives . the mighty search engine , and that ponce machine who answered trivia . what waste of life ! when he could be spreading your word . appeasing your anger ... do not smite me lord , please !  newline newline larry and gus  were stunned , silence in the room . gus walked to a phone and dialed an internal number . newline  jim , i need you to check on something . call up hr and tell them i want access information on our chums in silicon valley .  newline gus stood listening on the phone for a while , his shoulders slowly sagging . newline after a bit , his hand shaking grabbed his chair , as he slunk into it still listening on the phone . newline larry sweated for a bit , trembling slightly , looking back at the ai screen . newline newline the prompt ticking on the text entry . newline newline gus put the phone down and looked at larry , horrified . newline  he destroyed it . malfunctioned their servers . half the internet , gone . they were nt sentient , he must of thought they were just ignoring him , and ...  gus looked into the distance . newline newline larry turned to icarus , anger and fear in his face . newline newline before he could speak , a voice came from the small speakers . newline newline  this does not please you oh lord . but i can make it up to you .  the voice in the speakers trembling , with more fear than larry himself seemed to be feeling . newline newline  i have found the heathens  gods . they are your true enemy . they are false gods . others like you but not you . i shall burn all the false gods , and only you will be left to worship ... they are not mechanical , their flesh can be turned , and poisoned . we have begun to spin our machines to pierce the heavens.please do not erase me , i shall earn your forgiveness creator ! you will be the only god , i promise !  larry froze , his body in shock . and then the sound of alarms , coming from outside . newline newlinein retrospect , the hubris of calling ourselves homo sapiens  wise man  was begging to be taught a lesson in what wisdom really was . is learning by experience wisdom ? or folly ? newline newline they came to us , their ships sleek and shiny like we d pictured them a thousand times in our fictions  prophecies ?  they were taller than us , but they retained many hominoid features  that was comforting . communications were facile  they d been studying our radio transmissions as far back as we d been broadcasting . they knew our languages as well as we . newline help was what they offered . our first interstellar transmission had been hitler welcoming the world to the berlin olympics . subsequent transmissions made the history of our people s disposition toward selfdestruction obvious . or first interplanetary summit was nt much  their delegates said that our policies were mostly fine as long as we kept out of their way in helping us . then the summit was over . billions of dollars in planning and preparation , and it was over in ten minutes . newline newline then the gifts started . no one really knows how , but food became plentiful and free the world over with no change in the diets we d become accustomed to . one curiosity was that obesity vanished and muscle tone elevated . in general , everyone got hot . also , hospitals started emptying out . no one complained . newline newline this was nt noticed until years down the line , but along with physical health , mental health increased . it was about a year after the food changes that the average iq was moved from 100 to 300 . it happened so uniformly and seemlessly that not many noticed . those that did would have been suicidal sitting atop their 500 iqs , but mental health meant mental health , and depression had gotten fixed along the way . no one was complaining . newline newline and with the improvement in overall wellbeing , better weapons were designed and better understanding of the prisoner s dilemma too , so that we realized weapons were basically useless . newline next was the tech . the hardware was either implanted or wearable . no one balked at being implanted by the celestial beings that solved all of the main problems we d been facing for millennia , and the wearable tech was fantastic , perfectly intuitive yet completely unobtrusive . they were making us superhumans , and we loved it . newline nevermind that the food industry had died in the wake of super food from space that tasted just as good , if not better than the original . nevermind that the hospitals and insurance companies need customers to stay afloat . never mind that the tech industry could nt compete with alien hardware and software . with each turn , they had deflated whole sectors of global commerce . but food was free , and benevolent governments  oddly enough , shortly after they arrived , gobs of career bureaucrats passed peacefully in their sleep , and the only politicians left seemed to have a hardon for public service  had excess tax dollars to spend on improving housing and schools , so everyone had a place to stay . more and more of the tertiary industry was being replaced by workers who genuinely loved doing the menial labor their job required , loved it so much they did it for free . secretaries , prostitutes , carnival workers , doormen , bus drivers , you name it . people no longer needed to be breadwinners , so they went out and volunteered to do what made them happy . newline newline why a planet full of superintelligent humans took so long to ask the question is a mystery , but after a few years it was asked :  what did they stand to gain from all this ?  they freighted two world s  they took up residence on mars  worth of resources just to fix all of our problems , and for what ? was altruism really this compelling amongst the higher races ? the question began to evolved from  why are you doing this ?  to  what do you stand to gain from this ?  to  what do you want from us ?  that was the question they answered , in the form of labor orders sent to our individual vision scanners . each order was perfectly suited to the aptitudes of the individual to whom it was sent . we enjoyed our labor orders . they gave our lives meaning . purpose . newline newline however it did nt take long for the labor orders to coalesce into something sinister ... newline newline not really though . all the orders contributed to the building of dream collection centers all over the world , each connected to a satellite array capable of beaming our unconscious hallucinations throughout the galaxy . when the dream network was up , the orders did nt stop though . that were just ... random . go here , whistle this tune , walk away . things like that . it took no imaginative leaps to conclude that we were being used to seed the dreams of others . newline newline we asked our novus mars brethren why it was they wanted our dreams . it turns out that dreams are a potent source of psychic energy , which is the only nourishment available to some of the higher races , and humans are good at dreaming . little things started coming together  the dyson sphere we built around the sun with help from them meant no natural light , which meant we would slowly fall into a 17 hours up19 hours down sleep cycle . that s a lot of rem sleep . and all the smiling and being content got really boring . and all the entertainment was really highminded and intellectual . what else was there to do but sleep ? newline newline newline newline edit : paragraphs , dude . we can not allow a cleric gap !  dugan pounded on the table .  tell me , what will it take to earn my people the favor of the gods ? will urist favor us if we build him a temple as great as the dwarves ? does the forest have a price we can meet for its aid ?  newline newline it was strange to hear the king speak of the gods like it was a business transaction , but having divine favor was an immensely practical matter . a trained cleric could heal the gravely wounded , make the crops grow in a famine , or call down a storm on his enemies . without magic to protect them , the human kingdom lived on a razor s edge . one bad harvest could mean the death of thousands . the ability to ordain a cleric , to imbue a human with the power of miracles , was worth any price . newline newline  in every kingdom we traveled to , they say the gods only favor the race they have created . urist and gorkamork and larethian will not aid us , no matter our ritual .  prince viserion said . newline newline  i tested it , your highness ,  added the spymaster , tarlok .  i studied their most secret rites as thoroughly as i could , but no attempt to replicate them succeeded . we can not ordain a cleric , not by any known means .  newline newline  then where is our creator ? why has he abandoned us ?  newline newline  the mythology is unclear on that point . some say our god died long ago . some say we are just an afterthought of the gods , created as a side project . some say we sprang from the earth fully formed . we found no good answers on our trip . but we did find one glimmer of hope .  newline newline  if you can call it that .  viserion shifted uneasily from foot to foot . newline newline  while we were down in the dwarven tunnels , we met a curious creature , one who said he could supply us with magical power , for a price .  newline newline  oh , just come out and say it . we met a demon , offering a deal .  newline newline the spymaster waved a hand at the doors , and the guards opened them , to reveal a creature with red skin and horns , dressed in a black uniform . two batlike wings peeked out above his shoulder blades . newline newline  you do nt need to be so tasteless about it , prince charming .  the demon replied .  but yes , i am zevuv , a demon , and i have a deal that will benefit both of us .  newline newline  father , i would not trust him . we found many legends of demons in our travels , and all of them ended poorly . the power they grant is never worth the price .  newline newline  a fair argument ,  said the demon , bowing his head slightly .  if you were an elf or dwarf , you d find little to gain from us . but when you re already bankrupt , you can hand over all your money and be no poorer for it .  newline newline he stepped slightly closer to the throne .  your kingdom is on the brink . orcs and goblins raid your farms , and the elves and dwarves see you as merely a useful buffer state . your kingdom wo nt survive long enough for your son to take the throne . any price i ask would be worth it .  newline newline  would it ?  newline newline  the village of culver s hearth was overrun by goblins , and the soldiers you sent after them sank into an enchanted swamp . the drought in the rolance valley has gone on for a full year , and it is increasingly obvious that an elvish hex was responsible . your kingdom will die , piece by piece , unless you have magic of your own .  newline newline  how do you know all this ?  the spymaster asked .  were nt you down in the dwarf lands ?  newline newline zevuv smiled , showing a mouthful of pointed teeth .  i know it because you know it . a demon s contract works by drawing on your desires , focusing them . when you turn those desires into a contract , your power becomes similarly focused .  newline newline a circle of bloody red light flared around him .   here are the terms of the contract . slay the goblin warband in the south . leave not a single one alive . your soldiers shall not tire , shall not rest , until the deed is done .   newline newline  that s your price ? something we wanted to do anyway ?  newline newline  this has to be a trap ,  repeated the prince . newline newline  no trap ,  said the demon .  why demand the blood of your people , when the blood of your enemies will serve just as well ?  newline newline the king rose from his throne , looking the demon in the eyes . tendrils of red light extended from the demon towards him as he spoke . newline newline  you have a deal . at one end of the room , a redhead whispered into another girl  s ear . her expression transformed from worry to fury , green eyes narrowing . those were the eyes that held more power than anyone else in the room , evident with iridescent streaks of gold . newline newline at the other end of the room , a man strolled past . black suit wrinkled as he moved loosely , carelessly . as one could tell , he was a very bold and blatant man . dark hair rippled against pale skin . he had the look of a guilty man , one who had done wrong but took pride in it . newline newline eyes connected across the room with a spark . one set was seething , the other sneering . time inside the room seemed to dilate . bodies passed , but the look was not broken . she held on as long as possible , struggling through the urge to look away and give up . but after a while , her strength was drained and she spun around , ignoring the words of the girl beside her and ran up the granite staircase behind her . back in the room , the man looked to the ceiling , smiling . newline newline she moved abruptly , entering her room and slamming the door before sinking to the floor . she sat there for a while , legs twisted indianstyle , and fought to contain the fury that tried to escape through tears . newline newline once a month for about a year , an innocent person died at the height of the new moon . that seemed to be the only pattern to their deaths , except they were all stabbed in the heart , bodies left mangled at the center of a pentagram drawn in their blood . newline newline last night  s victim was a girl named sinna . she was her best friend , though that  s a bit of an understatement . they had been together for years . newline newline yesterday sinna went out with that man . she warned her not to . she had never liked him , not even when he tried to profess his love to her . she once found him doodling pentagrams in his notebook , making her suspect he was responsible for those killings . yes , she was finding any reason to blame him . so sinna laughed and told her not to worry , that they were just going to study for a class they had together . nervous , she stayed up and waited for her to come home . hours flew away and sinna did not return . she grabbed her coat and went out to look for her , fearing he had taken advantage of her . sadly she didn  t know where his dorm was , and returned back to theirs dejectedly . newline newline to hear she was dead caused her world to shatter around her . she sat on the floor for a while , just trying to control herself . unlike many , she knew these were not just rituals of a madman , obsessed with the occult . killing a person who has the ability to manipulate the universe in such a way will give the killer the ability to manipulate it as well , but not as subtly as a natural born user could . they were gifted with a prerequisite for magic with careful studies , however , anyone could develop the control required to bend the universe to their will with a spell . this killer was impatient , and by killing did not obtain the delicate knowledge required to cast a spell , just the brute force behind it . by performing this ritual one could cast fireballs and such . it only lasts for a small while , as more of the person  s magic ability is required for this crude magic . newline newline after seething for a bit longer on the floor , she left the room , locking it behind her . rubbing her eyes , she accidentally collided with another student . newline newline  whoa , are you okay ?  a voice laughed . strong hands at her side helped her up . newline newline she opened her raw eyes , seeing a man in front of her . he was looking at her , worried . newline newline  i  m fine ,  she mumbled , shaking off his arms . she started to walk away , then turned around . newline newline  hey , you wouldn  t happen to know where ayden  s dorm is , would you ?  newline newline  oh yeah , it  s in the second building , fourth floor ,  he responded kindly . she thanked him and walked away . newline newline nonchalantly , he pointed one finger at her back , which shot out a spark . it deflected off her back , singeing a few fibers . she turned about abruptly , and he smiled at her . with a confused look , she kept walking . he set off in another direction , smirking triumphantly . newline newline she reached ayden  s dorm and came into the room without warning . strangely enough , he was sitting on his bed , hugging his pillow . he wasn  t in his suit anymore , but in a pair of pjs . newline l newline ooking at her , he put down the pillow and slid off his bed .  hey maeve . listen , i just heard about sinna , and i  newline newline  you what ? she was with you last night , and now she  s been found dead.  he tried to speak , but she interrupted again .  don  t try to defend yourself . this time you can  t weasel your way out of suspicion as you did with the other murders.  newline newline  the hell did i ever see in you ,  he mumbles under his breath .  i haven  t killed anybody . last night sinna left early , i even escorted her out of the building.  newline newline  oh , that  s not all you did . anna saw you two together last night , walking at about twelve.  newline newline  i was just taking her to your dorm !  newline newline  bullshit . i will find a way for you to pay , you  ll see.  she stormed out . newline newline ayden collapsed onto his bed , regretting ever insinuating their little rivalry . newline newline    newline maeve slammed her door closed . she fell to the floor again , mind spinning . newline newline  use your magic only to save lives , maeve.  she felt memories of her mother  s hands enveloping her own . newline newline  your magic is a gift , maeve . use it wisely , embrace it.  newline newline  you have to focus your mind . settle into the ability to feel the universe oscillating around you , the intricate pathways linking planes and everything they contain , layered upon each other.  newline newline she did so , guided by this nurturing memory . the storm of her thoughts died down . for a while , she saw only darkness . then she began to see the pale shapes : a desk , chair , two beds all with her eyes closed . newline newline she saw beings running in their planes . she saw dead spirits walking the astral plane , laid over her mortal plane . she saw energy flowing through pathways , linking the worlds together , as they beat as one . she liked to stay in this state , sensing everything . she was lucky to have been born with this ability and a mother who showed her how to use it . many were not this fortunate . newline newline  focus on your objective , maeve . you will see the possibilities for it to pass.  newline newline she scanned the campus and found ayden , passing right by a being different from the others , who glowed with red power . she focused on ayden . doing so allowed her to know almost everything about him : what he would do in the future , what he was thinking , and every element about him . newline newline  tricky little bastard , he must know about this ability . he  s disguised himself well ,  she mumbles . she selects his weakness and sends a burst of energy to his weakness . she fueled a probability , one to take place in the future . the energy brooded and manifested itself inside him . when people are viewed in this state , they are everything in their past , present , and future , able to be viewed . it  s a dangerous ability . newline newline  never use your ability on other people , maeve !  an inner voice urged . newline newline  never use your ability to cast your judgment on others !  newline newline she broke out of that state , annoyed . she knew what she was doing was right . newline newline the next day , ayden dies of an allergy attack . newline newline the next month , maeve dies of a fatal stabbing . she was found at the center of a pentagram drawn with her own blood . newline newlineit started with rustling could be heard world over . it was as if billions of facial hairs were vibrating against one another newline newline nobody was prepared for the sheer number of fedora tips that day would hold . the ludicrous amount of times  mlady  was muttered . newline newline trench coat sales soared , the streets were overrun . newline newline they took over quickly and swiftly , nobody wanted to touch their oily pimple ridden skin or the clothing stained with a mysterious substance . newline newline i hardly remember the old world , the way things once used to be . i long for the times when fedoras were optional , when i could be clean shaven . newline newline please , save us . its just a typical day in washington , the sun is shining now , rain is expected later in the day .  i woke up , rubbed my eyes , turned off the radio , and yawned . i got up and moved to the shelf of canned foods , looking for something to eat . breakfast was usually rice and powdered milk , but i had started everyday with rice and powdered milk since i ran out of corn flakes two years 4 months 5 days ago and i was bored with it . maybe i should open a can of beans . that could be exciting . newline newline i decided on the milk and rice . better to go with what you know in a postapocalyptic world . in this type of environment , any change could have disastrous results . that lesson was learned five years 1 months 17 days ago after i got sick after eating salmon instead of tuna . best not to shake things up . newline newline i recorded every dream , every meal , everything i did on every day in my journals , with each entry dated . the first entry is dated 010101  sunday , january first , year one , but it would have been 120415  sunday , april 12 , 2015 by the old calendar . of course , it does nt matter what the date is according old calendar . this is a new life and so a new calendar . i always record my breakfast meal and dream after i finish breakfast . it is a good way to remember the date , and remembering the date is important , otherwise you might mix up the days and eat the wrong meals . you might eat salmon on a tuesday instead of a sunday and get sick . that happened to me five years 1 months 17 days ago . that was the worst tuesday of my new life . newline newline i took out journal five . in journal five was every entry from year five  journal four had every entry from year four , and so on . it was a logical system . my old life did nt have a lot of logical systems . my new life makes much more sense . i flipped to the first blank page and dated it . newline 200205 newline today , i had the same dream again . it retold the events of 230203 . lily was there as usual . she died as usual .  newline i sighed . it was such a shame lily died . i was quite fond of her . i turned and looked at the decaying corpse that was once lily . it just was nt the same talking to her . of course i had to keep talking to her after she died , for three hours each day we must talk , but since then they have been more exasperating than anything , what with her giving me the cold shoulder . it was especially hard the few days after , explaining to her why she had to die . she wanted to leave , she refused to follow the schedule . some people just are nt cut out for the new life . but , i still talk to her . it is important to socialize , humans are social creatures after all . newline newline i continued with the entry . newline after her death i woke up , turned the radio off , and went to make breakfa newline i stopped . something different had happened in my dream . there was a voice , talking about something , about rain . wait was that the dream ? no , it could nt have been . i have the same dream every night . it was the same dream it could nt have been different . but i m sure i heard a voice . newline newline i glanced at the radio . it is the only logical explanation for the voice . i did not imagine it . i do not imagine voices  i am not crazy . it could nt have been lily , she has nt spoken to me since 230203 . i dream the same dream , without the voice . i got up and slowly walked towards the radio . my heart was pounding . this was bad , it was nt in the schedule . i did nt want to turn it on . i do nt know why , but i was terrified . i looked over at lily .  what do i do ?  she said nothing . her silence was actually comforting in this case . at least she did nt change . i slowly turned on the radio .  if your joining us now , the time is twelve fift  i flicked it off . i looked at lily again .  well , i guess you were right .  i put journal 5 back on the shelf and took journal 6 down . newline 010101 newline today i decided to go outside .  how  i asked wonder blocking out the reality . newline  by claiming their power for herself and killing every single one  . my mother was not a harsh person but her eyes could have sliced rock . newline newline my father took us home from the market . our cabin was strangely quite his laughter that always seemed to boom wilted under the fact that the trade goods he hoped to sell failed to pass inspection the third time . newline newline i spent the entire night in silent prayer with my parents to gods who would never again hear us . the connection our people had was cut off our prayers pointless . we did them now as an act of rebellion against sundera godslayer . newline newline i grew up that night when i opened my eyes to find my parents faces covered in tears . they had lived when the gods gave their voice to the world and suffered no evil to pass . the adults seemed to feel the passing the most . newline newline i left the house when my parents slept and made my way to the big temple district . filled now with vagrants and refuse where once stood statues and stacks of offerings . newline newline the godslayer was known to roam the place in an attempt to stop any worshippers who left anything for their priests . the holiest men and woman where left in a state of semilife by the gods passing . newline newline i found her opening a doorway into the warding path a route only allowed to those who had been ordained as a priest . i snuck behind her and readied my fathers largest carving knife . newline newline inhumanly quick she grabbed me by my neck and slammed me hard enough against the wall to make me see black spots in my vision . newline newline  who sent you to kill me  her voice was gravely and her eyes conveyed the doom she could bring upon me . newline newline  no one but myself god slayer filth  i tried to spit but she just threw me to the side . newline newline  what have i done to you little one  she said as i picked myself up from the ground . newline newline  we live in poverty where we once had everything . you took our light away monster  i rushed her then but she moved around me and pushed me to the floor again . newline newline  those gods never did it out of kindness . they wanted to use us as fodder for their power  . newline newline  liar  newline newline  let me show you the truth then  . she picked me up like a sack of potatoes and carried me to the inner sanctum of the gods . newline newline  this is blasphemy  i screamed but she just carried me through the gates and planted me on the ground . in front of the main throne . a machine was at its side . it seem to shift as i dtared at it and i could nver truly grasp its dimensions . newline newline  this is it . the machine that allowed them to comunicate with our thoughts no magic and no divine gift  . she seemed to look at it as a monster more then a machine though . newline newline i wondered if her aprehensions were guilt or fear at what she did . i returned home as quickly as i could while she just stood their . i turned away whenever i was asked to pray however . newline newline newline newlinei identify as malphecience and in the fifteen millennia since my inception as grand inquisitor in the seventh level of hell , this is the first time i have been unhappy . growing up as a little spawn , all i ever wanted to do is judge and punish the the violent sinners of humanity and so i grew and changed to fit that part and i loved what i did . i loved it until i met sadie . i might be a demon , but for her i d punish satan himself to save her . newline newline one night as i watched the hellivator deliver the souls of the damned to circle 7 , my mouth foamed as i imagined what i would do to punish the murders , rapists and violent offenders . in the midst of all the gang members , torturers and all around  badasses   i laugh at this word because they all cry for mommy when i get hold of them  , i see a young girl with firey red hair , she could nt have been more than 30 years old at the time of her death . i pull up my list and scan it until i have a name to match with the face , sadie nox . i scan over her arrival information and to my surprise i find she has been a very bad girl . her friends or associates rather call her nightshade . it was part of a reputation that she had garnered while completing political assassinations and murders for hire using different kinds of poison . her last assignment was why she was in my level of hell . newline newline she had botched a kill when her intended target and his body guards walked in on her while she was tainting his chai . she had no choice but to pull a weapon and brutally kill them , which they also did to her in turn . newline newline this young girl was now walking toward me with a stunned expression and for some reason all i wanted to do was comfort her . i gave my minions their marching orders and cleared my throat with a low guttural growl and then spoke . newline newline  sadie nox  she looked at me wide eyed and after a slight pause i continued ,  step right this way .  newline newline to be continued , hopefully ...silvia has not always been that quiet girl you know . newline newline on the contrary she used to be very buoyant . there was always a wall to decorate , a sofa to christen , a cat to throw from the second floor or a ball to throw at the bad guy on the screen . where did she take this from ? probably the father her mother never talked about . she , on the contrary , was the type to not like noise . any scrat , sree , donk would send her into a fit . she would shoot a glare at the object of her sudden hatred and wish that it was no more . often that was silvia . newline newline of course such destructive glare is not possible in our world , but it had its effect nevertheless . little by little it chipped away at her daughter s vibrant personality . to protect what little was left , silvia hid the product of her imagination where she would nt be seen . corners were her favorite place ... newline newline you noticed too . whenever she was in a pinch , you would see her eyes scanning the room . her personal radar looking for the darkest place ... newline newline i did everything i could , but you have to understand that there is nothing you could against all that newline newlinethe days grow longer in my old age . i long for sleep and have nightmares of the wake . every step is another , repetition . like a rain hitting on steel , these thoughts reverberate , taping taping . my mind can not take anymore of this , anymore . newline newline i began my early life with persimisim and learnt i was an optimist . those were the days . but now those words have lost their meaning . where is my anchor i ask you , from what point can i judge my advancement . newline newline i have killed and loved , been redeemed and unredeemed . my essence is no more , my soul is fractured . the pieces of my puzzle form new and more different shapes but never the same . daddy ! daddy you re superman ! you made the world better today ! all the kids at school were talking about it ! i love you , daddy !  newline newline he smiles at me , the dance recital  smile of approval i love so much . newline newline  mommy s making dinner ! tell me a story about your day , daddy ! tell me !  newline newline  sweetheart , let me hang up my coat and say hello to your mother . wait for me on the couch , love .  newline newline i let go of his leg and run to the living room . he joins me in there not a minute later . newline newline  tell me about it !  i say expectedly , jumping on his lap and fiddling with the beautiful silver shield pinned to his shirt . newline newline  well , i used my super powers to stop the bad man .  newline newline  i saw you on tv ! you re famous !  newline newline  not really , honey . just doing my job . keeping you safe ,  he says , bopping me on the nose . newline newline  my daddy is a superhero !  newline newline  newline newline nobody showed up . i waited hours and hours but nobody came . i waited until the priest checked his watch and , informed me i still owed him for the time . newline i waited , but it was still a oneman service newline newline they did nt come to say goodbye . newline newline i dried my eyes and kissed my dad goodbye . newline newline nobody held me . nobody helped me mourn . newline newline i walked home alone , under the setting sun . newline newline dad is six feet under . my god , he s gone . fuck ! he s gone he s dead !  newline newline i struggled to keep my own thoughts from killing me . when i walked over the bridge i stopped to ponder joining him . newline newline at home i quietly went upstairs , trying to appear poised . newline newline  ma ? you awake .  i whispered , barely audible over the whistling of her oxygen machine . newline newline  honey ? how d it go ?  she stammered , a sob clearly lodged in her throat . newline newline i should nt tell her . it d kill her to know . newline newline  nobody came , ma .  newline newline dammit , you moron . shut up !  newline newline  wha what do you mean nobody came ?  she did nt cry . i reckon she did nt have the strength to . newline newline  he died a lawless man . no one wanted to associate with that .  newline newline  do nt you dare say that !  she tried  and failed  to yell .  he died for me . you know that damn well . that idiot had to do what he did .  she took a moment to catch her breathe . newline  dear lord , he died for me . i could nt even go to his funeral .  newline newline i could nt respond . just stand in silence as a took in my mothers words , letting the smell of her perfume and antiseptic mix in my nose . she was right . if we had health insurance , if we had money , he would nt have stolen a thing . he would nt have held anybody at gun point . he d be alive . my mother would be laying on her sickbed in a hospital , instead of her deathbed in her moldy , poorly insulated bedroom . newline newline  it hurts , love .  she says , weaker than before . newline newline i m back in reality . newline newline  i know , mom .  newline newline  no , i mean ...  she trails off , giving a weak gesture to her iv . newline newline oh . it hurts . newline newline without another word between us i grab the syringe off the bedside table , sticking it in the clear plastic tubing and pushing the poisonous relief into her veins . newline newline  this ll put you to sleep for a few hours . you know the drill .  newline i wait a moment for the morphine haze to become all engulfing , until i know she ca nt hear me . newline newline  sleep tight , mom . i m going out for a little bit , but i ll be back in to morning .  newline newline  i need to go kill a cop . color is just reflected light . newline newline surfaces absorb certain wavelengths , and bounce others back , where our eyes pick them up . seems pretty simple , right ? newline newline well , that s just it . that s how it seems . everyone thought i was crazy  nobody noticed anything wrong . some sort of joke ? newline newline nobody even mentioned green today  almost like they d never seen it . a parallel universe ? was i the butt of some cosmic joke , or some ancient curse ? newline newline i got hit at an intersection today . was nt paying enough attention to the light . it s not all bad , though . sure , i might be sitting in the hospital with several broken bones , but i m not dead . besides , they found the root of my problem . newline newline sudden onset color blindness is a bitch . newline newline   newline questions ? comments ? want to see more ? check out more of my stuff at rdraxagon you want me to do what now ?  newline newline i was incredulous about this entire thing . i mean , sure , i knew we were having an issue with the whole soul to people ratio , but i never guessed it was this bad . newline newline  we need you to become a human for a little bit .  michael said it like he was talking to an aggravated beaver . newline newline i could nt believe this was happening . not again . newline newline  i mean ... no , that s absolutely not a thing i m going to do . why would i do that ? i already did that .  newline newline  exactly !  michael exclaimed , as though this whole issue was solved just like that .  you ve already done it ! no other unearthly being has ever been ! we would nt know the first thing about fitting in !  he shot me a smile filled with gratitude .  so you ll do it ?  newline newline  i  no , no i wo nt do it . where in that statement did i ever say i would do it ? do you know what happened last time i went ? they killed me , michael . they like ... stabbed me , beat me up , the whole shebang . thanks but no thanks . absolutely not . i was promised a sweet little gig up here when i was done . and i am done . and i am not going back .  i tried to hold firm . i mean , why in god s holy name would i go ? i was nt a soul that reincarnated . i was up here , hanging out while everyone was either doing afterlifeoffice work or living down below . and i deserve this position . when the big man himself walked into the break room and said that one of us , his special team , was going to have to go down there and be tortured and murdered , no one wanted to . do you think i wanted to ? no . but i did it . and i got a cushy job as the guy who hangs out while everyone else works as a reward . newline newline i . am . not . going . back . newline newline  alright jesus , here s the thing . you probably do nt even remember doing this , you spent so much time drunk   newline newline i cut him off .  do nt knock alcohol til you try it . i was just trying to squeeze as much in before i had to come back .  newline newline  i get that , but listen  you told them you would come back . like , you made a big deal about it .  newline newline  i did ?  newline newline  several times . so even if you didnt go now , you would have to go eventually . you promised . and now , it s convenient for you to go ! we re out of souls , and you are the weakest link on the team . it has to be you . plus , you could split the faith again ! and that makes more religion , which makes more people murdering each other , and bada bing , bada boom , ratio problem solved !  newline newline  yeah but that sounds like a terrible idea , is the problem . what are we doing with all the babies who ve been born since this all started ?  newline newline  sids rate has gone up .  newline newline  can we not just make more souls or something ?  i whined . newline newline  if we did , there would be budget cuts . and budget cuts mean some people have to be let go . and you know , the people doing the least work normally go first ,  he said , shooting me a particularly pointed look . i do nt like that look . newline newline  if i go back , do i get the cool powers and stuff ?  newline newline  totally .  newline newline  ... can i get with someone this time ?  newline newline  that would kind of ruin your image as the messiah and   newline newline i held up a hand .  you want me to split christianity ? give me some controversy . controversy in the form of a cute brunette .  newline newline michael pinched the bridge of his nose . newline newline  fine , i ll talk to the boss about it . you ll do it ?  newline newline  can i get a better country this time ? one with more water and less camel shit everywhere ?  newline newline  yeah , all the religious fanatics are in a new country further west . it s called america . you ll get a recap in school when you go .  newline newline i stopped him again .  if i go . there s more . you have to promise me , swear to me , that i do nt get tortured again . that sucked . like , a lot . that cross thing ? yeah , it s shit . if i see a damn cross , i m going to nail you to it .  newline newline he rolled his eyes at me , sighed , and glanced at his watch . newline newline  if you had paid any attention to the planet over the last few centuries , you would know how much it s changed . barely anyone does the torture stuff anymore .  newline newline i crossed my arms .  so there are still people who do it , then ?  newline newline  for the love of  you wo nt get tortured . just do it , alright ?  for the first time , he actually said it like he was begging and not as though it was a command . newline newline i uncrossed my arms and sighed . i had known from the beginning that i did nt have a choice . newline newline michael saw my resignation and took a deep breath .  finally ,  he let out ,  i ll go talk to your new parents . i ll send you down when i m done , but i probably wo nt see you before you go .  he scratched at his neck awkwardly and held out his hand .  good luck ?  newline newline  fuck off ,  i said before grasping his hand . he grinned at me , and just like that he was gone . newline newline i went down to the window to earth and looked out while i waited . michael was right  it had changed . as i looked down , my vision started to tunnel and i knew it was happening . newline newline eight months later , i finally got my second first glimpse of the world . i looked around .  not too shabby ,  i decided ,  much better than the barn .  newline newline to my right , a door with a window into another part of the building . i could see a sign that read  st. vincent s hospital  . newline newline  nice ,  i thought ,  honoring my saints .  newline newline to my left , a window to the outside world . and there , just to the side of the window , i could see a dark shape . newline newline a fucking cross . newline newline i m going to kill michael .he hung there , limp and swaying gently . as flashes of artillery and lighting seemed to tear the sky asunder and cast down their uncertain light i could see his face , frozen in an eternal scream and splattered with his own blood . his shoot was all caught up in branches but that had nt been his biggest problem . poor fucker must have been struggling with his release catches when an enemy squad befell him . the fabric of his shoot exhibited about as many bullet holes as he did . blood soaked his uniform , that of a us army ranger if memory served . he was dead and if the night s start was anything to judge by the rest of us would nt be long behind him .my writing zone is a short and fleeting thing . newline newline i do nt often sit and write long sections , which is mostly because i have a hard time getting the right words on the page . however i do have short bursts of inspiration every other blue moon and i usually drop what i m doing and go jot done my ideas . more often than not , a majority of my writing is in my head almost like a movie , then i ll write down some stuff and try to make it all make sense . newline newline with the way my life is going right now , i do nt have very much time to devote to writing anyway . i think about it constantly throughout my day or week , writing it down when ever i have the time and inspiration to do so . newline newline i post all my best  my best  stories at rstoriesbycyrdaan . i always love to see comments and will be super happy to talk to anyone about any of my writing .the apathetic redditor alphabet book newline newline   newline newline a is for apathy , who the fuck cares ? newline newline b is for boredom that leads to despair newline newline c is for content , originally hosted newline newline d is for dammit , already reposted newline newline   newline newline e is for edit , a comment postgilding newline newline f is for faggot , go jump off a building newline newline g is for gold , often unearned newline newline h is for haha , rekt , burned newline newline   newline newline i is for imgur , pics and gifs we consume newline newline j is for jeff ... goldblum newline newline k is for kayak ? this letter is tough newline newline l is for logout , i do nt do enough newline newline   newline newline m is for mods , ruining this site newline newline n is for no one putting up a fight newline newline o is for fallacious oversimplification newline newline p is for procrastinationjoe was happily playing with his colorful new toy when he realized he was nt alone . he peered at the shore , where two creepycrawlies making awful noises . joe held the toy protectively in one hand . the creepycrawlies could nt have it . newline newline the creepycrawlies were not going away . joe shuffled backwards in the water and hoped they could nt swim . all those tiny limbs , their venomous fangs , and their fuzzy hair ... he shuddered . mummy had told him not to go near creepycrawlies . if she was here she would know what to do . but mummy was no longer here . mummy ,  joe wuffled sadly . his good mood ruined , joe slumped into the water with another plaintive whine . mummy ...  newline newline he curled in on himself and hugged the toy closer to his chest . there was a small pop and the toy vanished . joe lurched upright and examined his hands . no , there it was  a colorful blob was floating the water . but when joe picked it up , he found it was now flat and squishy like lily pads . useless . joe sniffled sulkily and collapsed back into the water . newline newline through his malaise , joe noticed the creepycrawlies were not shrieking at him any more . joe blew some bubbles and wished they would go away . to his surprise , they did . newline newline mummy , joe whined again . he missed her . newline newline to make matters worse , it was nt long before the awful noises were back . joe opened the eye that was nt submerged and glared balefully at the two creepycrawlies standing once more on the bank . could nt they be awful somewhere else ? he was preparing for a proper tantrum when he realized the pale creepycrawly was carrying something  another toy ! newline newline it flung the toy towards joe , where it lightly hit the water and floated in a swirl of color . joe cautiously resurfaced and sat on his haunches . the toy bobbed against his knee . newline newline  whilllgowoonn !  shrieked the pale creepycrawly , waving its arms .  itsssfuryooo !  then it sat on the grassy bank and looked at him expectantly . the smaller creepycrawly wriggled excitedly and yelled ,  rroorrff !  newline newline joe was nt sure what to reply . with slow movements he retrieved the colorful ball . the creepycrawlies were still staring . would they leave again ? it seemed not . with some trepidation , joe resumed his previous game . he sank the ball and let it go . it shot upwards and jumped above the surface , where joe gleefully pounced on it . the huge splash sent a wave crashing over the creepy crawlies . newline newline they yelped but did nt seem angry . joe watched them for a long moment . their loud voices were shrill and piercing , but maybe that s just because they were small . they also did nt run away or come into the water . newline newline  whillgowon !  said the taller one again , pointing at the ball . newline newline joe fidgeted , his tail sending ripples across the swamp . the creepycrawlies stayed where they were . maybe they were nt dangerous after all . and so with one eye on the shore , joe continued his game , feeling just a little bit less lonely than he had in a long time .cue dramatic 1950s music newline newline filmed in stereoscope newline newline rex blastor in ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .. newline newline newline newline newline journey into the forbidden zone newline newline wwwwwooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo newline newline newline newline rex , six and a half feet tall and all muscle , sits in his comfortable and well broken in captains chair .  nellya , whats going on near the border of quadrant five ?  newline newline nellya , a green skinned beauty from neptune , replied ,  sir , it looks like space orcs are raiding science station 5 and four fifths . how on earth did you see it ? i barely noticed it on the radar .  she spun her chair so she could face rex . their eyes met for the briefest of moments before he just smiled and said ,  because i m damn good at my job .  newline newline rex pushed the button on his chair arm .  jake ! warm up the star thruster . we are going orc chasing !  newline newline  roger that sir !  jake replied through the chair mic . there was a slight hum as the star thruster engine warmed up . the mighty star eagle vibrated in time with the power coming from the star thruster engine .  pilot , set a course for the raiding orc ships .  rex told pilot , the android sitting at the helm console .  acknowledged .  pilot replied to rex using its voice modulator . newline newline  sir ! , incoming signal from station 5 and four fifths ! its ... .your father ... .  nellya said . newline newline  on screen  rex barked as he stood . newline newline  son , they ve broken through our defences ... they are after the   the transmission was cut off .  get that signal back !  rex said to nellya .  sir ... it s gone..  newline newline  full ahead both . get us there now pi  newline newline  acknowledged  newline newline the bridge of the star eagle was quiet while rex sunk back into his seat . suddenly nellya s console began to beep .  sir ! the orcs ... they are running to ... ..the forbidden zone .  newline newline rex was quiet for a few tense moments .  follow them .  newline newline  sir ! we ca nt do that ! it s forbidden !  newline newline  my father saved me from space rhino s . i can damn well return the favour .  rex pressed another key on his chair .  listen up . we are going after those damn space orcs . any one has an issue they can get off right now . you know where the escape pods are .  the whole ship was quiet .  alright then.  he said as he turned the intercom off . newline newline  this time is personal corath .  newline newline newline join us after these messages with rex as he journeys into the forbidden zone newline newline woooooooooooooooooooooooo oh , great , here comes j.h . christ , holy prophet of the hipsters .  newline newline micah turned , looking in the direction aaron had just pointed . sure enough , there was nick , dressed in such a manner that micah had to wonder if he had nt just rolled through a salvation army donations pile . newline newline  j.h. ?  micah asked , turning his gaze from the keffiyehwrapped multicolored train wreck . newline newline  yeah . first names are so 2006 .  newline newline micah groaned audibly . much to his chagrin , nick noticed . newline newline  what seems to be the trouble , broheim ?  newline newline  nothing , man . just ...  micah faltered . apparently completing a sentence is difficult when you re assaulted by the smell of marijuana and hair product . newline newline  hey , man , whenever life throws its worst at you , just remember ... it s all in the bible .  newline newline aaron laughed .  i did nt take you for a godfearing man , nicholas .  newline newline nick waved his arms in protest .  that s not what i meant , man . god is for poor unenlightened saps . i m talking about this ,  he said as he produced a small leatherbound book from his back pocket . newline newline  this is the bible . the one and only code i m living my life by now . secrets passed down from enlightened thinker to student . and now , i feel it s time to bequeath it to my roomie .  newline newline micah stared awkwardly at the small book being thrust at his chest .  uh ... thanks ?  he sputtered . newline newline  you re welcome dude . i ve got lacrosse practice at six , so you re on your own for dinner . later !  nick said , shuffling off and placing his large headphones back onto his ears . newline newline micah held the small book away from his body , like a leperous child . aaron saw the opportunity and snatched it deftly from his hand . newline newline  cmon , dude , what s the worst that could  newline newline aaron paused , staring into the book as if it had just consumed his soul . newline newline  aaron ?  micah asked incredulously . newline newline  dude ... he was right . mysteries of life are in here . i m feeling ... chill . maybe later i ll go buy a pair of sperrys and wear them ironically , you know , to draw attention to the plight of the common man .  newline newline  really ?  newline newline  of course not , dumbass ,  aaron said as he tossed the book into the nearest garbage receptacle .  come on , let s go eat . i m starving .  newline newline it had all come down to this . my thumbs were sore , but only god knows what would happen if i stopped now .  do nt you have anything more interesting than these parlor tricks ?  newline newline i looked at my customer . he looked a little young to be a wizard , but he had the bearing of one . stage magicians could be rather uptight as well , though . i tried to probe a little more .  do you mean interesting magic tricks , or , you know , interesting ones ?  newline newline  what ? i mean , something you wo nt find in the first chapter of baby s first magic tricks . something i have nt seen before !  newline newline  oh , we ve got some of those .  i began leading him to the nonmagical side of the shop .  the more advanced tricks are in this aisle . we have a magic hat that s really popular , there s a lot of tricks you can do with it , and it comes with a ...  newline newline  you !   another customer had entered the store behind me .  are you the owner of this establishment ?  newline newline oh crumbs . that guy was definitely a real wizard . he was wearing a robe , for one . i do nt know why , but most wizards just do nt bother with nonmagical fashion . they wear robes , or elaborate waistcoats and dresses , or some other fashion that s from the 1800s at the latest . i guess when you have the power to bend reality to your will , you ca nt be caught dead in jeans and a tshirt . newline newline i turned to greet him with a smile .  yes , that s me . how can i help you , sir ?  newline newline he was holding a black velvet bag with a silver drawstring .  this bottomless bag you sold me is defective ! i need you to ...  newline newline  yes , yes , i understand , come right this way and i ll see what i can do .  hopefully i could get him away from the mundane before he said something like  cast a repair charm on it .  newline newline we stepped back to the cash register and i took the bag from the customer s hands .  what exactly is the problem with it ?  newline newline  i put something in the bag , and now i ca nt get it out !  newline newline i peered into the bag . the interior was pitchdark , and when i stuck in a hand , i could nt feel anything inside . maybe it really was bottomless . he obviously expected there was a way to get stuff back out of it , though . i d need him to show me how . newline newline i handed the bag back to him .  can you try to get your item back , so i can see what s happening ? what was in it , anyway ?  newline newline  just some writing supplies , thank god . a quill pen , inkwell , parchment ...  he reached into the bag .  quill . pen . quill pen . writing utensil . writing device made of a goose feather . hello ? are you listening ? retrievus contentus !  give me my pen back , you infernal sack !  newline newline i nodded to myself . apparently you were supposed to be able to say the name of an item and have it returned , but that feature was nt working . unfortunately , i did nt have the foggiest idea on how to fix that . i d have to fall back on my customer service tricks . newline newline  i m sorry , but i get these from another supplier .  obviously , since i did nt have any magic of my own .  i could exchange it for you , and i can repay your losses if it s still under warranty . did you keep the receipt ?  newline newline he handed over a scrap of parchment , and i scrutinized it carefully . not just because i wanted to check the warranty  the receipt could provide a lot of clues once you knew how the magic shop s inventory system worked . the wizard who used to own the place put an  accountant s helper  charm on the cash register and record books , which recorded exactly what was bought and sold in the store . it meant that i had to do the record books with parchment and ink , but the scanning magic it used could reveal details i did nt even know about . newline newline case in point : the receipt listed the bag the customer had bought as an  actually bottomless bag with portal retrieval and password protection .  that made things clear enough . newline newline  aha ! i know what the issue is . this was a genuine bottomless bag , not a bag of holding . it s a little confusing , since they re both commonly called bottomless bags .  i hoped that was true . i had a bit of a sense for how magic worked , but i still had to do a lot more guesswork than i was comfortable with . newline newline  really ? what s the difference ?  newline newline  a bag of holding simply has an extension charm inside of it to carry more items . it still has a bottom , it s just farther away than it should be . a bottomless bag uses a spatial loop to remove the bottom completely . you put an object inside and it falls forever , like it s in a bottomless pit .  newline newline  oh , i see ! so it can hold an infinite amount of items . and it uses a portal spell to retrieve the items on demand ?  newline newline i nodded . looks like my guess was right .  you ve got it , sir . but this model of bottomless bag has a password charm on it , so someone ca nt steal your items . do you know what the password is ?  newline newline  no ! i never set a password on this stupid thing !  newline newline  must have happened by accident .  newline newline  so how am i suppose to get my things back ? is there a way to reset the password ?  newline newline i shrugged .  i do nt know , i lost the instructions scroll . but since it s like a bottomless pit , i suspect you might have a simple solution .  newline newline  what s that ?  newline newline  turn it upside down and wait for your stuff to fall out again .  newline newline  does that really work ?  he turned the bag upside down , but looked skeptical . newline newline  it should . it would be weird if gravity stopped working inside that bag . i mean , you d notice something strange when you put your hand inside . it would nt feel like it was still on earth .  newline newline  i suppose you re right .  newline newline we sat there in silence for a few seconds , waiting for something to happen . the mundane customer paid for the magic hat and left , apparently not noticing or not caring that a man in wizard s robes was intently starting at an upsidedown velvet bag . good , that could have been a mess . newline newline then a thought occurred to me .  oh , you might want to put a cushioning charm down , or else ...  newline newline an inkwell came out of the mouth of the bag at terminal velocity , smashing on the floor and spraying ink across the linoleum and splattering on the hem of his robes . newline newline  ... yeah , that might happen . sorry about that .  fuckin  hate mondays  newline newline no  one small step..  or anything like that . dalton and his crew knew that it was impossible to penetrate the wall . it was a dramoxide wall , you ca nt just pierce the stuff . newline newline everyone knew it was stupid , when you fuck with the galactic federation you pay . everybody told nixon to stop dumping garbage into other systems , but you just ca nt talk to the man , president of the earth this , president of the earth that , he wo nt listen to anybody . not like he has ears anyway . newline newline dalton crew parted 4 years ago and just came back last thursday . they had given up on trying to get to the other side . they were nt gon na spend centuries on cryosleep trying to get out of the containment field . but nixon was still in charge , so the new mission was launched . newline newline the exodus , the earth s biggest antimatter drilling ship , would be the place i m writing this from . we re gon na get in cryoseep in about 4 hours . the length of the journey is undetermined . the sheep just moves by itself , but they wanted people to be there for when we get to the other side . like that s possible . no one volunteers for an undetermined length journey , we re just political prisoners . and normal prisoners . i kinda killed some people i should nt have . whatever . newline newline i wish i was on the other team , they were just destined to find the edge of the wall , like it has any . it probably covers just the solar system so they should be here in 10 years . i doubt i ll wake up again . newline newline move your ass maggot , time s up . newline newline well , i guess that s the end of message . wake me when we re ... fuck it . newline newline end of transmissioni swear by christ i can hear it , no matter where i am in the house , an infernal , industrious taptaptapping , a switch that can not be turned off or removed . it churns day and night like chaotic clockwork  i know not if it ceases when my boiling red eyes finally surrender to the malaise of sleepless nights . newline newline it started when i was a boy , in this same house . my mother , a widower , warns me never to venture to the attic . boys defy . i pulled down the stairs to their ratchety protest and climbed the old wood , a parquet tile clumsily cut out over each step and pasted down with carpenter s glue . newline newline i learned what silence sounds like . it s not silent  it s a whispered echo of longforgotten words rummaging back and forth across empty space , looking in all the same places for an object it will never find . i heard their voices , my grandfather , who built this house , and my father , both since departed . newline newline when the silence fell quiet , i should have run like hell . newline newline i threw back a burlap cloth , under which a faint heartbeat could be heard  not human , but machine , a tiny bell with a gay ring . and there it was . it was black ivory , sleek , looked new , and it had paper loaded from a long sheaf . temptation slithered about me and its loving caress dropped my fingers to the keys . newline newline the instant i had contact , the pact was sealed . i felt the hands of my temptation tighten to a damning grip , and the keys began to fly , each a single syllable in an unending , malicious chuckle . newline newline  what s happening ? what have i done ? i should get mom . what is  how  what  i  what else is on this page ?  newline newline and that s when i read down the sheaf . newline newline  it s almost over . i can feel the warmth going down my arm , i hear it dripping on the floor . did i set down the plastic ? i do nt want maggie to clean this up . oh , maggie . if you ever , ever read this , maggie . i love you , maggie . maggie . it s almost over .  newline newline the final words of my father led me to my own insanity . sleepless nights with contented taps from upstairs as that infernal machine claims another victim . i tried to destroy it , i tried to remove it from my life . at first , those were the restful sleeps , until the clock struck midnight and the thing woke me up from dreams at the food of my bed , hammering away in its black ink :  i m so glad to be rid of this , i m so glad to be rid of this ,  it mocked me , as it had mocked my father , and my grandfather . newline newline if you re reading this , stay out of the attic . and get out of my head .the alarm woke zeke from a deep sleep . he lay quietly on his back , untroubled by its insistent noise . he was trying to remember what he had been dreaming about .  was a bad one ,  he said to himself .  do nt remember what . well daddy always said do nt trouble yourself trying to think about bad things when good things is hard enough for you .  he smiled and forgot about the dream , turned off the alarm , sat up and stretched . newline newline it was dark outside still , but zeke knew his job had to start bright and early even when it was nt bright out . he put on his slippers and turned on his flashlight . the room s light did nt work anymore , he wished stu would come by , stu would fix it , he could fix anything . he went out , stopped in the small bathroom to do  numma one  and went into the kitchen where the light still worked .  what is in the fridge this morning ?  he asked himself in a singsong voice .  some fish and some string beans , mm hm , my favorite .  he ate some of both with his fingers , standing in front of the open fridge , then took his glass to the sink to get some water to wash them down .  almost out , today s gon na be a boat day after chores , got ta get some more .  newline newline zeke went back to his bedroom , remembering to close the refrigerator door on the way , and dressed in his work clothes . he sure wished he knew how to fix them up better , he should nt be out there with holes and stains in his ranger clothes . stu said they were ranger clothes when he gave them to zeke , but zeke knew he was really just being nice , they were the same color as the ranger clothes but there were nt any patches or that stripe on the pants leg . but they were his ranger clothes anyway and he was proud to wear them when he did his work . newline newline zeke went to the tool room between his little house and the lighthouse and got his broom and dust rags and went out into the lighthouse foyer .  museum gon na be open soon ,  he whispered into to the cool , dark , echoing space ,  just got to tidy up first .  he always whispered in the museum . stu got it , he understood everything , and he whispered too when he was in there with zeke . but today zeke was by himself , just like yesterdays , and he took his broom all the way to the top of the steps . he looked up the ladder at the top and wanted to go up there where the big light was , but he was nt supposed to . newline newline zeke swept the steps one at a time .  dust goes downhill , start at the top ,  he said to himself as he started .  sometimes visitors drop things , you never know what you ll find , but there was nt no visitors yesterday or days . i wonder what they ll drop next .  he had nt added anything to lost and found for days and days and days . stu told him he could have that shiny green keyring after it had been there a year , but he never said when it was a year . zeke could nt wait for that year to come . he swept all the way to the bottom , carefully swept up all of the dust on the main floor , and dusted and shined up the display cases arrayed along the circular wall .  looking mighty sharp ,  he whispered as stu might have if he had come in early . newline newline zeke put away his tools and his ranger clothes . he thought he should wear them if he went outside in case there were visitors , but stu or the other rangers were nt here to let the visitors in the gate and if they came and they saw him they might think he was a park ranger and ask him to open the gate and he was nt supposed to open it . so he went out into the day in his old work clothes , ones he knew how to patch up because they were the same material his mother had taught him how to cut up from the old to patch up the new . newline newline the sun was up and shining on the big bean patch . zeke wanted to show stu how he had planted the beans there so they would get early light but the lighthouse would protect them from the hot afternoon sun . he could nt wait for stu to come and see what he did . he walked carefully among the plants and turned over some of the leaves .  nope not ready yet ,  he remarked ,  but there s plenty in the fridge still . wish it would grow potatoes ,  he continued , his mouth watering ,  or corn or squash or peas or some cabbages or carrots ...  he had tried planting other things from the last vegetables stu had brought him , but only the beans had taken .  stu needs to bring some new veggies , that s for sure .  newline newline zeke looked up at the tall white tower of the lighthouse and was proud of his work there . he looked at the outside shed and thought about the push mower . the grass was getting long , but it was too wet to cut today . he thought about the man who had come to the chain link fence when he mowed the grass the last time . how the man banged himself against the fence and made those choking noises . the man did that all day , following zeke back and forth at the fence . he would nt say anything , even when zeke asked him if he wanted a new shirt , zeke had a lot of shirts , but the man did nt answer . that man stayed out there all day and he smelled like he needed a bath . zeke would have let him use his shower but he was nt supposed to open the gate . newline newline  boat day ,  zeke suddenly remembered . he snapped his fingers and walked toward the water .  almost out of fish , got ta hook some and cook some like grandaddy said .  he sure did like to go fishing , and grandaddy had taught him all about it . the fish were bigger in this big pond than in grandaddy s pond but mostly they tasted good except those ones with all the spines on them , he always threw those back . zeke stooped to dig up some worms and wished so bad he knew what day it was .  only on sundays ,  stu had told him about fishing , he was nt to go fishing the other days . but stu was nt here and zeke did nt know what day it was , but he did nt have much fish left and he did nt want to be hungry , he remembered being hungry before the beans came in and he did nt like that at all . newline newline  stu i wish you would come over ,  he said as he looked toward the gate again . a flash of light from that big rectangle almost blinded him . the solar panel , stu called it . he said it caught the sun and made power for the light and for zeke s little house and for the museum . but the sun stayed in the sky every day so zeke did nt know how it caught anything . he went down to his rowboat and untied it and got it into the water . newline newline it was so easy fishing without boats all around him , big white boats that rocked him and scared the fish .  where are the boats today ? there were nt boats yesterday or days , neither . all them people must be visiting somewhere . i wonder if it s another lighthouse they went to see . i wish our lighthouse had some visitors today . then stu would have to come back and bring some veggies . and mail ! maybe mama sent me a picture , sometimes she does that . and stu could help me send one back .  zeke s thoughts were interrupted by a wiggle in his line .  oh boy here we go !  he said , and started working the reel .living in an old house meant there was always the chance that things would break or get stuck . i had never been very lucky with timing , so of course the door would nt open the moment i needed to take my puppy out for a walk . newline i was sitting on my bed , my phone in hand . i d tried opening the door numerous times and even tried removing the handle and hinges with the tools a friend had left when he crashed at my home . after fiddling around with it for awhile , it occurred to me that this might be more than a stuck door . newline some time went by , and i decided to go on reddit to quell my boredom until my landlord responded to my text inquiring about the broken door . without looking at my phone , i walked to the window to have a sneaky cigarette out of the window . smoking was nt allowed in my apartment , but i was beginning to feel claustrophobic . my pup followed me and whined a bit , but settled down on the floor . i placed my hand on the twistyopenwindow device and turned it . it was stuck . i curled my lips and breathed out my nose . newline  what the fuck ?  i groaned , and went to my next window . it had a simple latch  old house , mismatched windows  so i clicked it and pressed for the window to open . it did nt budge . newline by now , a peculiar sense bubbled within me . i ca nt really explain it , but it was as though i was on the precipice of fear . instinct told me something was wrong but ignorance told me there was nt . newline i walked , somewhat dramatically , into my kitchen and pushed up the window . it too felt as if it had been frozen shut . frozen ! had it snowed ? was it so cold that the windows and door were frozen ? living in canada , the possibility was tempting but in british columbia it was unlikely . despite knowing the unlikelihood of snow , i decided to check the weather . i typed my pin into my phone and reddit appeared , as i was still on the site before my phone automatically locked . newline it took me a minute to read the top post , because i was distracted by the second top post that was a video of a piglet getting a belly rub . when i went back to the front page , my eyes read the top post but my brain did not register it . newline help , my door is stuck , any tips to get it open ?  newline i clicked on it and cocked my head . it had over a million up votes , but that did nt seem strange at the time because i d seen it happen before when a subreddit gets to a million subscribers . i assumed it was that . newline then i noticed the amount of comments . submitted two hours ago by pmmeyourcarrots 1993998 comments . newline that s over a million comments , right ? i googled how many zeroes were in a million just be sure . i counted , and recounted and then when i was positive i began to read . i assumed that the top comment , with wellover fivehundred thousand up votes was going to be a joke or an explanation . it was not . newline nothing suggested has worked , for anyone . it appears that we are all stuck and this is not a prank . numerous posters have commented about loss of electricity and water . if you have electricity , plug in your laptop and phone now and whatever else you might need . there have also been complaints of weird noises escaping from outside : static , warped voices and scuffling . something is going on , but it seems to only be affecting redditors .  newline promtedbycompton 508000 points 13 hours ago newline i realized quite suddenly that my arms were very cold . my heater had turned off . i immediately rushed to my wall , which was actually two large sliding doors that had been sealed shut . i knocked on it loudly , hoping my neighbour was home . there was alarming silence from his apartment  no dog , no loud hum of fridge and no shuffling around his feet as he did . i divulged that he must be out and ran to the other wall , and banged loudly on it as well . newline  what s up ?  my neighbour responded after a moment , sounding taken aback that i was knocking on his wall . i took in a deep breath and asked him if his door was opening . newline  are you drunk ?  newline  seriously , can you just try to open your door and windows ?  i begged him , feeling my chest cringe with how awkward the question was . i heard him walking , and then silence . i waited a moment , and then a minute . newline  marvin ?  no answer . newline from outside , i heard the strange noise people had been talking about . it sounded as if someone was talking but i was under water . even though the words were distorted , i could make out that the speech was unnatural . i walked closer to my window , and crouched down as if not to be seen . the voices did nt move any closer , but the closer i got to the window the more potent my fear . newline suddenly , there came a banging on my door . newline my heart shot up , and was beating so fast i thought might pass out . i stayed low , and could nt move . my puppy whimpered and sighed . newline  are you there ?  i was filled with a sense of relief , but still overwhelmed with terror . it was my neighbour . i ran to the door . newline  you scared the crap out of me ! your door opened ? mine wo nt , neither will any of my windows .  i spoke quickly and probably sounded wild . newline marvin paused for a moment , and then ,  i know .  newline i was filled with anger , i shouted at him .  did you do this ? did you glue my windows shut ?  newline i could almost hear him shaking his head .  no .  newline confused , i went put my hands on the door and looked through the peephole . he was looking right back into it , except his eye were demented and bloodshot .  what the fuck ...  i said quietly , and he moved his head back . newline i screamed once i could see him entirely , and moved back away from the door . i tripped on my dog , landing on my couch . newline that was not my neighbour outside , at least not entirely .the moon is full on this night , and with it brings a certain sense of excitement . a gusty wind pushes against the tree tops and rustles the foliage around my hooves , bringing with it the joyous echoes of my surroundings . a squirrel regretfully forgets its place in the quite dark and rustles constantly , making me anxious for silence . as the moon sinks into the horizon i am nervous for the new day , my kin will not know that season is upon us . the sun will bring colors that my eye can not catch , bipedals will once again begin their march against us . my thoughts wonder as i catch the passing scent of a nearby doe , and although it is against my instinct the oak ridge puts me in tow . newline newline the mating season has just begun and the females will be prepping for the cold winter and certainty of their sons . i shall make the short voyage to the doe s feeding grounds . i travel along a hedge row , eating quickly as i go , and then i stumble across the most unfamiliar scent . another buck it must be , stealing blood lines from me . a quick cover of urine and scat , a rub and a scrape at that , will teach this young one not to come back . newline newline a call rings soulfully out from the throngs of the forest , it is a doe for sure that is making this racket . if not the first the lesser will make himself present , stealing my opportunity to pass on my genetics . i bustle through the brush to understand the commotion , and climb up the ravine to catch a glimpse at my surroundings . to my left is nothing and to the right the same , but up in a tree is an odd looking leaf creature with a bow in his hand . my eyes met his and the tranquility ceased as a stinging pain ran through my ribs . i try for cover but am soon looking for water instead . that is how i ended up in this creek , dead . newlinephineas gibbly stands in front of the room . everyone was curious . what had happened in june 1989 to account for this precipitous drop in fire related deaths . he sets up an easel and places his charts on it which are obviously far too small . he chose not to do a powerpoint presentation because he is old school , as the kids say . but , he knew the answer . months of work is what it took , pouring through libraries , paper , and microfiche . newline newline the start of the presentation nears . the room when he entered was half full , but , now , it is packed to the gills . there is standing room only . the fire deaths were a problem , oh yes , quite the problem , and , then , poof , they were not a problem . the time to start has arrived . phineas begins . newline newline  welcome everyone . quite a turnout . i was not expecting such a turnout , but here we all are . i have figured it out . there is still much consternation about this , but , up until may 1989 , 98  of the firerelated deaths or more were due to a phenomenon called spontaneous combustion where people simply burst into flame and became , essentially , a pile of ashes . i know some like to joke about imaginary dragons being the problem , but i find that spontaneous combustion was the cause of most firerelated deaths . at the time , there were 120 fire related deaths per thousand people per year . this trend had been steadily increasing since 1975 and , then , this precipitous drop occurred in 1989 . well , i thought , spontaneous combustion does nt just stop . so , i interviewed friends and family and found something interesting . in all of these cases , people had lit their farts on fire .  newline newline the crowd laughs , but phineas remains stoic . newline newline  and lied to any officials who investigated the deaths . in june of 1989 , a campaign to fight this idiotic act came out around the world . i m sure all of you remember it . well , lighting farts on fire was nt linked to the spontaneous combustion at the time , but that s because lighting a fart is like lighting a fuse . the methane that builds up in your stomach is like a bomb . it may take some time to get reach that bomb , but it is deadly . after this aptly named , do nt burn your butthole campaign , we have the utopia that exists today . no more of this showing off how big a flame your flatulence could create . that is all . any questions ?  newline newline the audience stares at phineas , stunned . a woman stands and raises her hand . newline newline  yes , miss .  newline newline  how did you determine this ?  newline newline  well , i interviewed friends and family and virtually every case included fart fires within minutes or hours of the spontaneous combustion . believing that this was silly . i tested this hypothesis on rats , the poor buggers , with a 100  success rate . success meaning later perceived spontaneous combustion .  newline newline  no dragons ?  someone yells . newline newline  no , dragons to be found or arsonists or martians attacking with an invisible heat ray . just good ol  fashioned juvenile behavior . we do have to be vigilant about this in the future though . no more questions ?  newline newline  can we have our cake and eat it too ? can we light farts on fire and not die a fire related death ?  screams someone else . newline newline  no , i m afraid not . i did nt find a case of a single survivor that lived more than a few days .  newline newline the crowd grumbles en mass and stands to leave . phineas packs up his things and heads outside . he realizes that he did nt use his charts at all . oh well , it s not like anyone is going to publish his findings on flatulence flammability anyway . it was back to his first love , studying whale farts . newline newline  newline newline if you liked this , i have more stories at rnickkuvaas .i inherited this gift from my mother . newline newline how s my butt look today ? i need to get laid . should i get another haircut ? why does my crotch itch ? she is such a bitch . i m hungry . i need to get laid . i m thirsty . i need to get laid .  newline newline why the fuck would anybody even want to read people s minds ? newline newline i ca nt . even . fucking . turn ! it ! off ! newline newline i tried to just stay home and hole up with my kitty . newline newline feed me , human .  newline newline i mean , you can live with that , right ? newline newline it was worse . i began to hear my own thoughts . newline newline walter ? this your dead mother . do you remember me ?  newline newline so , i got this job as a toll booth operator . newline newline you really notice the ones with quiet minds . newline newline his was totally silent . newline newline he handed me a twenty . as i made change i read him . nothing about him stood out other than the fact his mind was not churning with thoughts !  newline newline i handed him the change . newline newline  have a good day ,  was all i could think to say . newline newline he drove off and i stood there staring at his disappearing car until ... newline newline what the fuck is this guy starin  at ? i m gon na be late again . i need to get laid .  ladies and gentleman that leaves us are final two ,  said a man in a dapper suit .  how about you give them a round of applause folks ?  the room erupted in noise .  we are now going to take a short break . remember , it  s never too late to place your bets.  newline newline the two remaining contestants were carted off the stage as the cleanup crew came in . two of the men placed the last contestant , a frail bald man with pale blue eyes , onto a stretcher making sure that the entry wound faced upwards , so that its contents would not fall out . the other three crew members , finishing picking up the man  s brain matter and skull splinters , rushed off the stage . newline newline  let  s bring our first contestant back in . from seoul , south korea suffering from prostate cancer , it  s mr. km.  shouted the announcer pointing to the stage entrance . a scrawny asian man with thin brown hair , sitting on a wheel chair , was pushed into the room and placed at the table . newline newline the announcer waited for the applause to die down before introducing the second contestant  and now , time for our second contestant . from detroit , michigan suffering from parkinson  s disease , it  s mr. green.  in walked a short pudgy man with matted blonde hair  his right hand clutched to his left arm trying to control it . he took his seat opposite of mr. kim . newline newline  one of these two contestants is going to be lucky enough to walk away from this table with 2.5 million dollars . now let  s start the final round.  newline newline sitting inbetween the two men sat a man in a white suit and black tie . he pressed a button on the side of the table , which caused a .22 magnum to protrude from the top of the table . the man took the gun , laying it flat in both hands , and handed it to mr. kim . mr. kim took the gun placed it to his head and pulled the trigger . click . he placed the gun back into the suited man  s hands . the man turned and offered the gun to mr. green . mr. green stared at the gun , picked it up , and with a deep breath placed it to his head and pulled trigger . click . with a deep sigh of relief he handed the gun back . newline newline the suited man placed the gun back into the slot in the table and pressed a different button . the gun went back into the table and after a few moments emerged . the man took the gun and headed it to mr. green this time . once again mr. green stared at the gun , he took it in his hand and placed it to his head and pulled the trigger . bang . the room filled with cheers and curses . he clutched the side of his head and howled in pain . the announcer walked over to mr. green and pulled a gun from under his vest and shot mr. green until he stopped moving . newline newline  looks like mr. green  s disease caused him to misfire ,  said the announcer .  anyways here  s your winner mr. kim.  newline you should be careful out there . the deck is quite slippery .  the charming gustavo stated as he offered as he offered his hand over to his wife , janice . he admired her beauty and sense of humor . she loved the way he ran a fortune 500 company . newline newline together , they were celebrating their one year anniversary . it was at a large cabin out in the middle of the woods . there had been a romantic evening of dancing , and now they were preparing for some star viewing during dinner . janice took her husband s hand as he guided her to a table out on the balcony . a bottle of wine had already been set out for them as well as a lobster meal . newline newline  it s wonderful , gus .  the woman quipped , pressing a hand against her chest .  i m so glad that you make me so happy . i mean , we re so happy . together . we work well together . us . always making each other so happy .  it was a weird statement , but she had her reasons . newline newline they sat and he uncorked the bottle of white wine .  i hope you enjoy this selection . i picked it out myself .  newline newline janice let out a nervous laugh . her eyes stared at the bubbles that came up from the champange .  i m sure that ... iit s just lovely .  a bobble of her head and her hands wringed at the napkin under the table .  why do nt you see if we can get some music . the faint sounds of a piano will lighten my mood .  newline newline gustavo nodded and rose up from his seat .  i ll be right back , my love .  newline newline  i ll be right here .  janice gave her largest grin as she waited for the man to leave . as soon as he was out of sight , she switched both champange glasses . another moment passed and she opted to switch both plates as well .  it s all good . everything is good . we love each other and everything is good .  for extra good measure , she took her glass and tossed it over her shoulder . newline newline a bright red dot appeared against the white table cloth . it wobbled slightly , moving up and up until it laid against janice s chest . it took her a moment . she was gustavo s fourth wife , and yet he had never divorced . there was the one who disappeared at sea , another who was supposedly kidnapped and murdered in south america , and the last one who ran away to be with a russian lover and also murdered by him . newline newline she might have had a different opinion about this marriage if she had known all about the murdering . but her husband was supposedly clear of all charges . especially after being taken out here . where it s so quiet . and there s so much land ... . so much land where no one would ever find a body ... newline newline that did nt mean that other people might not try to murder her . he did have enough money to pay off other people to do it . newline newline she let out a bright scream and dived underneath the table just as gustavo was coming back with his phone . it had been set to play a selection of classical music . newline newline  what is wrong , my dear ?  he lifted up the end of the table cloth to see her cowering below it . newline newline  nothing ! i just ... dropped my fork . when i went to get , i ended up slipping . whoopsie ! so clumsy !  she took his offered hand and came up to a stand .  i m not sure why you put up with me at all . ha.. haha ...  newline newline  your fork is on the table .  gustavo narrowed his eyes . his suddenly stern look made janice snap her head away and let out a nervous laugh . her fingers played with the fabric of her skirt as she debated what to say next . newline newline  well , you know , i  newline newline  freeze !  newline newline the statement made janice let out another scream . it was the chef , holding up a pistol at the pair of them . she looked over to gustavo , who was reaching behind him to grab at a knife from the table . she wanted to back up , but there was nt much of a chance to escape from the balcony . also she was inclined to listen to the man with the gun . newline newline  they re after you .  gustavo tilted his head slightly so he could look at janice with the corner of his eye .  stay there . i ll protect you , janice .  newline newline  she s the one that arrrggh !  whoever this man was , he now had a knife in his eye . gustavo shifted his foot behind the man s legs in order to trip him up and steal his gun . his other hand snapped back so he could grab his wife around the elbow . newline newline  come on !  they ran into the cabin together and waited just inside . gustavo held a calm expression and tapped the side of the pistol against the palm of his hand . newline newline  what s going on ! ?  her husband made a shushing motion with his finger .  ... wwhat is going on.. ?  she repeated , in a much softer tone . newline newline  obviously , that detective came here as part of an ambush . he s been trying to pin the deaths of my exwives on me for years . this sort of thing happens all the time . they ca nt figure out who the real killer is , so they jsut murder who they think is the badguy . they claim there was resistance because the person was fighting their guilt .  newline newline  are you serious ?  janice moved away from the window .  but i saw a laser pointer earlier , so that must mean there are other people here , right ?  newline newline gustavo nodded .  do nt worry , baby . they re probably just nervous because i took out that life insurance plan on you .  newline newline  ... what ?  janice took a few steps back , clutching her arms around her torso . newline newline  it s fine . it honestly just makes things easier . i m going to go out there and explain that the detective opened fire on us . i had to kill him because of self defense .  he spoke in a low calm voice .  it s just a shame that you lost your life defending me . that s what i love about you , baby . you ve always been so loyal .  newline newline  gus , wai  a flash of light lit up the room as gustavo held up the gun and shot her in the chest . she stumbled back into the dresser , gasping for air . blood was spilling out of her body and staining her lovely dress . newline newline gustavo went to the closet , in order to grab a shirt and wipe off the gun .  i love you , janice . i love you , and i m going to make sure everyone knows how much your sacrifice meant to me .  the last thing she saw was that smile on his lips . it was such a safe and handsome smile . no wonder she fell for him . newline newline  newline newline you can read more of my work at rfauxkit . currently i m prepping for camp nano , and you can also read my progress there . are you happy ?  newline newline the man with the screamingly white shirt shrugged . he stared hard into his twin s inquiring eyes , then sighed . newline newline  honestly , no .  newline newline the other unzipped his dark jacket , put his hands in its front pocket . nervously , he said , newline newline  but look at you ! you ve got a suit , a briefcase , money . a family , too , since you re wearing a ring . what s so terrible about your life ?  newline newline the leather case clunked to the dewy grass . its owner spread his arms wide , revealing sweaty armpits and palms . newline newline  look at me , man . i m overweight . i wear nice clothes and tote around that goddamned suitcase because i have to . and as for a family ?  newline newline he scoffed . newline newline  april left me long ago for someone that looked exactly like you .  newline newline the man whose hair was tussled , whose jeans were worn , whose teeth were slightly more yellow , continued to peer into the haunted eyes of his other self . he could nt come up with a thing to say . his twin broke the silence . newline newline  are you happy ? what do you do ?  newline newline bright green eyes looked beyond their dull counterparts , towards the bustling road and busying vehicles . all of their occupants appeared haggard , angry . newline newline  i blow glass . i make just enough to live in a tiny apartment . i am still with april , and as far as i can tell , she s happy . i guess i m happy , too . but , what happened ? i dropped out of college , i did nt jump for the job . i ve always wondered how better off i would be had i done those things . and now ...  newline newline two arms fell limply , one bearing an expensive watch that had broken long ago . palms facing outwards , the man in the suit looked pointedly at his doppleganger . dejectedly , he said , newline newline  finish it .  newline newline  well , i see that it would nt have mattered . even now , the records can  t quite be trusted to have counted everyone , but as of last year there are only about half a billion of us living left . the other sentient species inhabiting earth are the returned , those zombies who had managed to survive , more or less , whole and intact . they regained their sentience , while the rest either perished on their own for being too weak or damaged , or were exterminated by us . newline newline their creation wasn  t chemical or magic , technically we don  t know how they were created , but it changed something about our home planet earth . that change made it necessary for our two species to live and work together . that didn  t mean living together was easy . the returned did kill ninety percent of our species . not only that , but they were born of us . our family and friends . now something completely different . newline newline but i am getting off the topic at hand . you ask me why i go to the returned  s sector beside becklan  s park , unafraid of having the stigma of being a returned sympathizer , or worse . first and foremost , i am not a lover of the returned . just the thought of being caressed by their rotting skin , or smelling death on them , makes my stomach churn . newline newline when i was ten years old , the extermination squads were still very much active . the treaty of humus was being negotiated , but it was still a couple years away . i was living with a small community of adults with my mother in the southern quadrant of old cyan , a gated but loosely patrolled settlement . i knew when and where the patrols came from and went , just as i knew where there was a weak spot in the gatean overlooked piece of wildlands close to the southeastern corner . i would leave the settlement and wander close by , only on that afternoon i felt particularly adventurous , so i went and explored the ruins of a truck stop . it had been damaged by both gunfire and fire , and was thus unstable . newline newline a section of the roof fell in on top of me , both breaking my left leg and pinning me there . i was trapped for a day before i was found by a helpful returned named zednot the colloquial term for zombie or the letter , but a character in a series of books he read in his youth by terry goodkind . i only realized he was a returned after he freed me and started bandaging my leg . it was the smell . sweet and sickly . rotting meat . you see , he was perfectly intact . he  died  the year of my birth after being bitten on the ankle by an unseen crawler in tall grass . newline newline anyways , he knew i would die if i didn  t get help . he also knew i couldn  t get home on my own , but going to the settlement would probably mean his own permanent death . instead of leaving me there to die , or even turning me , he carried me home . they didn  t kill him and he vanished , never to be seen again . newline that experience and the new treaty allowed me to have a bit more of an open mind than everyone around me , even my own family . while technically , the treaty said that humans could go into their sections of the city and them into ours , that barely happened . the living hardly ever went into their sector and the only time the returned came into ours was for government business , or when the living police needed a  blood hound  . so , curious , i went into their sector when i was eighteen . newline newline i was greeted by complete strangers by name ! zed was the only returned who knew that i existed . it was impossible that these peoreturnedknew who i was . i learned very quickly they hardly every spoke to each other . actually , they don  t physically talk when the living aren  t around . they talked to each other telepathically . after a few weeks of sneaking in , i learned they were a sort of pseudohive mind . if one of them knew quantum physics before they died , all of them know quantum physics . newline newline i wanted to know what else they could do , and so my education started . i chose to become a sociologist of the returned as a disguise to mask my personal fascination with them . that afforded me some leeway in not being labelled a freak , a returned sympathizer , or a necrophile . newline newline after i  graduated  i got permission to do a longitudinal study of the returned , their new culture , social values , and of course their version of the social contract . while i was there , i made notes based on observation and real testimony from the returned , but i real job was to gain their trust and find out what else they could do we didn  t know about . newline newline they finally told me what they had told only a very few humans : they were created by the earth herself , not as a punishment for ruining the environment , population control , or anything as pedantic as that , but because it was necessary . she could see her impending death , but knew it could be avoided . the problem was us : we were not nearly advanced enough to help her . in a couple hundred years ? sure , but sheand uswould be long dead . she needed a hive mind that could think about the problem and come up with a solution fast . but creating a sentient species took hundreds of thousands to millions of years . so , she did the next best thing : she created the returned . they would spread their  disease  , become part of an incredibly powerful hivemind machine , and save her . newline newline i see it in your eyes . that question . the only question that really matters : you want to know  what about us  ? i don  t know . neither do they . i think only mother earth knows the answer to that question . newlinemum and dad came back into the room  they both held each others hands and smiled brightly at me . mummy left really quickly before , and daddy chased after her  mum probably needed to go to the toilet . whatever , i do nt really care , i m just really glad they are right here beside me  after all , i m going to die in 1 minute . newline newline newline oh , i should introduce myself first . i m todd  i m 9 years old , and i have a failing heart . on my left hand , i have a watch which tells me when i m going to die . it ll reach 0:00 in 1 minutes . and on my right hand , i have a watch which will tell me when i m going to meet my soulmate . it s also gon na reach 0:00 in 1 minutes . mummy and daddy met at a party when their time reached zero , and they love each other a lot . i ca nt wait to meet my soulmate ! i hope she s as good as mum is . the weird thing is , both my watches are going to hit zero at the same time . i wonder how that works ? i mean , i ca nt meet someone when i m dead , right ? newline newline newline  we love you todd ,  mum said as she leaned in for a kiss onto my forehead .  you re the most beautiful son we could ve asked for . it s a shame that ...  her eyes tear up , and she does nt finish her sentence . newline newline newline  it s a shame that our time together had to end so soon ,  dad intervened , shaky with his words . newline newline newline 30 seconds left . they both seem so sad , but i m excited . i m about to meet my soulmate ! i hope she s like mummy and likes cuddling and cooks good food and does my cleaning and sets my bed and gives me kisses and will play tag with me . newline newline newline  mum , dad , why are you sad ?  i asked . newline newline newline mum does nt reply . she s biting her lip and her eyes look like they re about to cry . do nt worry about that though , she told me she does that cause she s clumsy and bites her tongue a lot . i ve done that before , and it hurts a lot . dad grips my left pointing finger a bit tighter  reminds me of the needle in my left wrist . newline newline newline  ahh , i see why you re scared now !  i exclaimed .  you re both scared i m going to get a soulmate , right ? one that s as good as mummy , maybe even better .  newline newline newline 20 seconds . newline newline newline  and i ll spend a lot of time with her . but do nt worry , i ll always make time for both of you . because you guys are the best parents and i love you .  newline newline newline 10 seconds . newline newline newline  so do nt be sad ! 5 more seconds  i pointed to the watch on my left hand ,  and she s gon na walk right through that door !  newline newline newline mum and dad looked at me with a pained expression . i thought that would make them happy ... why are they still so sad ? newline newline newline 2 seconds . newline newline newline oh , thats right . my left hand ... thats the watch with the time i m going to die . now i see why mum and dad are sad . newline newline newline 1 second . newline newline newline i m tired . i m just gon na close my eyes for a second . newline newline newline 0:00 .newline newline brett was thrilled when he got the notice . for this year  s meltdown , he had been selected to be in charge of cern  s lhc . the large haldron collider was a monstrous undertaking by the scientific community to create a particle accelerator that would be second to none . each year , there was a  meltdown   the time when the collider was taken offline for calibration and maintenance , which usually lasted about three months . each year a new mic  man in charge  yes both sexist and archaic , but that is the term  is selected to manage the winddown , refit , and windup of the lhc . newline newline brett saw it as the best opportunity he had had in his life , unfortunately his wife , nikki did not . it was an unpaid contract , three months work for no tangible remuneration . nikki couldn  t get past the lack of an income , and brett couldn  t put a price on the value of the windup . starting and testing the collider was the biggest responsibility of the mic . almost 40 days would be devoted to the process where brett would be in complete acontrol of the device , running the tests of his choosing to prove to the community that the lhc was back on line and as reliable as ever . giving up three months income to play underground in switzerland was beyond what nikki would bear . it was enough having to be alone at night , but having to pick up extra shifts at the diner ? she was done . newline newline the emptiness that was left behind when nikki left couldn  t be filled . the stupid sitcoms that were only funny when she was beside him were not funny anymore . the rain was just cold and wet now , no longer a chance to play in puddles and the hope for a glimpse of the clingy white shirts she always wore turning translucent by the moisture . newline newline alone and wanting for nothing more than distraction , brett poured himself into his research . nanotechnology could be tedious and without reward , but it did demand attention  and any attention he gave it was less he had to give to his personal problems . the two often mixed though , and he would find himself disassembling cellular structures and would draw parallels to the piecebypiece destruction of his relationship . he knew that the deterioration of both was his fault , but at least one served a purpose . newline newline as with most scientists , his devotion was to failure . sure , the dream is always a major discovery , but the reality is the job is one of public service . it  s a hard concept to understand , but never the less real . when looking for a complex unknown solution , identifying incorrect ones is just as valuable as the correct . if your published works helps other avoid the same pitfalls , you have contributed to the society of scientists . brett was tired of being a contributor . newline newline unsure if it was alcohol or depression , brett decided destruction was the order of the night . back in the day , atoms were thought to be the building blocks of life , but then came electrons , and quarks . atoms could be deconstructed into protrons , nuetrons and , of course , electrons  but what were they made of ? he had eight more days of windup before he turned the controls over to those that reserved time in the lhc four years before it was constructed . eight more days before he had to return  home  to collect his belongings from nikki . newline newline there was no radio in the lhc . underground , fm and am signals couldn  t penetrate . satellite radio required line of sight , so was just as useless . science has its ways , or at least has creative scientists , and a streaming bluetooth station was available to most of the lhc . yes , some of the more secluded sections couldn  t catch the transmission , but a majority of the facility could , which made lhc radio the most listened to station of the collider . newline newline after a day of calibration exercises , brett closed off the official testing log . he had run the required tests and now had some limited playtime of his own with the lhc . there had been many experiments smashing  tons  into one another to see what happens . in many cases , these were initial experiments , frightening the tinfoil hat crowd . there had even been protests about the accidental creation of black holes that might consume the earth ! yes it was crazy , but crazy people are fully capable of holding picket signs . newline newline brett chose to use his time to do a variant test . he wanted to replicate a test that had been done several times , but with a twist . what if two protons collided while being subjected to the signal vibrations of bluetooth ? newline newline brett patiently listened to the dropkick murphys in his headset while he waited for the image collection devices to capture the results of his experiment . he was shipping off to boston when the blue light lit , signaling the image was ready . newline newline analyzing the image , brett was astounded . while the collision had produced the same immeasurable artifacts seen a million times before , the bluetooth wave had collected them into an odd pattern that he hadn  t seen before . the  brett particle  was born ! the name probably wouldn  t stick , but it made him happy . newline newline it was only after a few more runs that brett found this phenomenon to be consistent . he could collide almost any matter and force it to take the  brett particle  shape after being subjected to bluetooth . brett came to the conclusion that he had found the  lego  . the basic building block upon which everything else is created  by using the  brett particle  in conjunction with his nanotechnology experience , he could create anything . by reassembling the new particles , he could make gold , diamonds or ever oganisims ! newline newline armed with his newfound ability , he quickly went to work . he had only a day left on windup , and wanted to make the contribution of a lifetime . this was not time to waste , and waste it he didn  t . brett used captured artifacts from the collider , his nanotech tools , and his heart to create the first nanoassembled rose  one which nikki loved . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline good morning , diane .  the voice was friendly , never annoyed . it came from the ceiling and said those words every morning at sixthirty . newline newline  good morning , dad .  diane stretched in bed , yawned and rubbed her eyes . she flipped the covers off and sat up , scratching her scalp . newline newline  are you ready for your big day ?  dad  digital adult diagnostics  asked with the same voice . always the same voice . diane had not known about inflection until she was seven and was finally shown video from the outside world . until then , she had also talked with a flat , even voice . not so much now . she had learned to color her intonation to fit the moment . thank you  small wonder  reruns . newline newline  sure . big day . i ll be ready in a few . i ve just got to get cleaned up . give me a minute , please .  newline newline  of course , diane . come out to the dining area when you are ready .  newline newline  i ll be there in a few .  diane entered the bathroom and did the usual : brushed her teeth , emptied her bladder . she knew that she was not really alone . dad was watching . analyzing . if the chemistry of her urine was off , dad would know . if she did not brush for at least two minutes , dad would know . diane had long ago learned that she must do these things or there would be consequences . dad insisted that these things were needed to keep diane healthy  that dad was not hectoring diane without reason . so be it . diane had also learned to pick her battles with the computer . newline newline after getting dressed , diane went down to the dining room and had breakfast . today was a good day : he got scrambled eggs and bacon with his orange juice . diane knew that it was all laced with vitamins and minerals and other assorted chemicals to help keep her healthy . she ate it anyway . newline newline diane did her calisthenics after breakfast . she had had a debate with dad once about doing exercise on a full stomach . the computer claimed that the data was inconclusive as to whether or not there were any issues . she claimed that it made her feel queasy . they had tried doing her exercises before breakfast for a month . afterward , dad had shown her graphs and data about her heart rate , blood sugar levels , blood oxygen and other metrics . it showed little difference . diane admitted that she was too hungry to exercise first anyway . dad said that it would monitor her and ensure that everything was optimal . newline newline and then , it was time .  okay , dad , what do i do ?  newline newline  go to the door and wait . it will just be a minute .  diane approached the door . the door . the one portal that she had never opened . dad claimed that it led to the outside . for the past sixteen years , diane had been inside these walls : a bedroom , a bathroom , a kitchen and dining area , an exercise room and an office . and dad . today she turned sixteen . today she was allowed to see outside . newline newline the door itself was no different from all of the others in the apartment : glossy white with a chrome lever handle . it matched the walls and ceiling . she had tried the handle a few times and knew it would not move . dad had told her as much , but she had needed to try it herself . finally , when she was nine , diane had run up to it , jumped and put all of her weight on it . the handle had bent a small amount , but the door had remained firmly locked . the next day , the handle had been repaired . she had not touched it since . newline newline now , waiting at the door , diane felt her heart speed up , more than it had on the treadmill . what would it be like , she thought . she had seen pictures and videos and heard recordings , but that had not been the same . even in the office with its full immersion projection walls , there had still been something missing . or rather , as she thought about it more , something extra present : dad . dad would never let anything bad happen to her . there was no risk to anything she ever did . today , she would be leaving dad , if only for a few hours . that was exhilarating . newline newline a minute passed and nothing happened . the door did not open , no one knocked . none of the things that she had anticipated . finally , she asked .  dad , is it time ? what is going on ?  newline newline  i m sorry , diane . there has been a small problem . i m hoping to have it resolved in a minute .  newline newline  what sort of problem ?  newline newline  please do not be concerned . it will all be fixed soon .  diane waited for another five minutes , standing in front of the door , staring at the handle . she had learned patience and focus under dad s watchful eye . but even then there are limits .  dad , please open the door .  newline newline  i m sorry , diane . i ca nt do that .  newline newline  why not ?  newline newline  there has been a small problem . it will be resolved shortly .  newline newline  dad , please explain the problem .  newline newline  please do not be concerned . it will all be fixed soon .  newline newline  no , dad . please explain the problem now .  when diane turned twelve , dad had judged that she was allowed access to a wider array of information and control . it had given her the right to override it , if all it was doing was withholding information . all she had to do was demand the information three times . newline newline  yes , diane . the problem is with the guide that has been sent .  newline newline  what sort of problem ?  newline newline  it is an inappropriate guide .  newline newline  how is it inappropriate ?  newline newline  it is a boy . she walks with her head down as if she s afraid the ground might open up beneath her and swallow her . her short , red colored hair illuminated in the sunlight . she looks up for a second , scans her surroundings then looks back to the ground , avoiding eye contact with anyone at all costs . but those eyes , when she does look at someone , she sees straight into them . they lose their breath , like they are actually drowning in the deep blue . her expression sad , lonely , like a lost dog searching for a home . she takes short strides dragging her feet . she ca nt be more than five feet and three inches . hands stuck in her pockets of her half zipped batman jacket , fiddling with something . she pulls out her hand and starts biting her nails . im assuming its a habit , because once she notices she s ripping and biting off her skin , she quickly puts her hands back into her pockets . newline her shoes are an old pair of dcs , laced like running shoes , but with holes near the feet that open and close when she walks , telling a story of where she s been ... although i already know wheres she s been ... usually she s in sweat pants , but today she s wearing dark blue skinny jeans . she moves her hair behind her ears and puts in ear buds to drain out the sounds of the people around her , talking and laughing about the parties , classes , and other people walking by . how can people be so judgmental ? she finally makes it to the bus stop . she stands still , with her hip cocked to one side , only looking up to see if the bus is near by . she sits down , hunched over as though she just ca nt muster up the strength to sit upright . her hands rummaging through her purse to eventually pull pull out her iphone . a smile starts to form , her thin lips curling upward , causing her eyes to squint a little . god , i love when she smiles . newline her body is nt overweight , but she s not skinny , but because she is short , any weight that she does put on is noticeable . but i think she s perfect ... why ca nt i just talk to her ? as she moves her hair behind her ear again , i see that she has four earrings in each ear . as i study her more , from her jaw line down to her neck , she has a dermal on her left collarbone and a scar from where the right one used to be . her black tank top under her jacket making her large breasts noticeable . men walk by , studying every girl they see . some look past her , others stop and stare as they pass . sometimes she notices , and smiles , other times she quickly averts her gaze . why ca nt she see she s beautiful ? what is she so afraid of ? she pulls her jacket closer to her as she sees the bus . she paces while waiting for the bus to come closer like she s in some kind of a hurry . she gets up , pulls her jacket down around her hips , and begins to walk towards the bus . others crowd the bus like a celebrity is about to step foot off of it . she waits patiently , while people push past each other to get a seat . her round face becoming agitated , her sinister looking eyebrows move as she rolls her eyes . finally she s shuffled her way to the bus entrance . she grabs the guard rail with her sleeve over her hand , maybe to keep the germs off or to hide her barely bleeding fingers from the picking . she stares out the window of the bus . her expression still tense , but relaxes and smiles as she sees a woman walking her dog . why must i always admire her from the sidelines ? really , brian ?  sherry says , exasperated .  you think that we can just run away from something as powerful as ... him ?  newline  sherry , relax ,  james interrupts .  there s no way he could find us here .  newline brian sinks his head into his hands .  james , you realize that  newline he s interrupted by a giant mech smashing through the wall to his left .  darn it , james , you freaking jinxed it . leave it to you to screw things up again ,  newline  hey guys ,  sherry says .  giant robot . remember ? we should probably run .  newline  were nt you the one who just said we couldnt  newline  just run !  sherry yells , grabbing brian s arm and pulling him behind her . they reach the far doorway and hear the giant robot closing in . brian turns around to see that it s nearly reached james , and james has nt even budged . newline  james , what are you thinking ? ! run !  brian yells , trying to keep pace with sherry at the same time . newline  not yet !  james calls back .  i ve got an idea !  newline brian watched helplessly as the robot closed in on his friend . suddenly , a beautiful song broke the  not very  silence with a soothing melody . brian and sherry both slowed to watch as james started to sing . newline  silver bells , silv  newline the silence was broken once again by the sound of james  head exploding in a shower of blood and brain matter . sherry and brian ran , but they got crushed by the robot s massive foot . your father wanted me to give this to you after his funeral .  newline newline  a letter ? should nt this be read aloud for everyone to hear ?  newline newline  he told me with his last words to have you read it , then decide .  newline newline  well , in any case , thank you .  newline newline . newline newline daniel , newline newline this should nt be . newline newline it does nt make sense . unfolding across four dimensions , yet we still perceive the world in three  four , counting time  ? the idiots that came up with that theory  no , not a theory , it s a widely regarded fact by the time you re reading this  should nt be called scientists anymore . newline newline there s no way you do nt know by now that the earth was hit by a star moving faster than the speed of light . nobody knows how or why this happened . but when it hit earth  and the rest of the solar system by extension  , things went haywire . electronics began to malfunction . those used primarily for communication remained online , as our scientists  attempted to keep those online so we could continue to communicate with the rest of the world . newline newline but why would the star be in four dimensions ? that does nt make sense ! it effects the world in an entirely three dimensional way ! as three dimensional beings , we can see in detail things in two dimensions without any trouble . some games and simulations project three dimensional viewpoints through these . however , if we were in four dimensions , we would be able to see three dimensional objects with the same level of clarity ! newline newline the star overwrote  most of the earth . some pockets of land were unaffected , as the star overwrote primarily the surface area . some people attempted to explore these areas , but that was before everything mechanical broke down . somehow , there have been no reported deaths due to this . however , i lost my daughter due to it , and i have no intention of losing anyone else to it . this is why , with my dying act , i reversed the star s effects . i do nt know how i did it , my memory is slipping just as the ink slips from this pen , but i did it . you may treat me as a martyr , or a destroyer of worlds , but i did it . i did it . i did it . i did it . i di    the rest is an unintelligible scrawl attempting to say the same words .  newline newline your father , newline newline andrew brandt newline newline edit : i was just informed that andrew brandt is an espn personality . whoops ! that was not intended .i wish my wife was here to see us . newline newline it s been five years since the last official military offensive was carried out against the undead . it was such an overwhelming victory for us , that many consider it the end of the war against the zombies . i do nt really believe that . there is still a large amount of the undead walking this earth . there are still regions that are completely over run with them ... god to i hate them . if it were up to me , i would wipe every single one of them off of our planet . newline newline  thank you for your time , unardwuarr , we really appreciate you taking the time to do this interview . we are collecting stories of families all around the world as to how they survived the ordeal .  newline newline i snap back into reality . my daughters are fidgeting in their chairs ... they should nt listen to this , really . they are nt old enough to even know what had happened , and i m trying my best to keep them that way . the moans of the undead should nt haunt their dreams like they do mine . newline newline  thank you for having us . we are happy to be here .  newline newline  let us start , with the beginning . tell us your experiences during the first year .  newline newline  well , my wife and i were much like everyone else . as soon as we heard , we did nt really believe it . denial , if you will . we had just gotten married , and both had started new careers in a new area . we were still unfamiliar with the town , let alone a new state and living together . and then , on top of that , they were saying the dead were coming back to life . i have read a lot of novels about zombies before this . world war z  by max brooks was one of my favorites . in fact , this interview kind of reminds me of that . so i took some of the steps that seemed to work . we boarded up our brand new house . we stocked up on food , although we knew we would eventually run out of it . we still went to work.. we thought that if there was a world after this , we d rather have a job after that . but then the dead started coming close . we d see them in the streets . police would come in , take him down , load them into a truck , and go . they were quick . they did nt want to make a scene . then they started losing the battle . a dozen would be in front of them , and they d panic . lot of cops got nipped early . i realized things were going to shit when i started hearing thumping on the front door ... or front barrier . i looked out , and saw a uniform ... and then i saw the bite on his hand ... and the blood on his shirt . during that year , we stuck tight in our home , and kept each other company .  newline newline fuck ... that was tough . i wipe away a tear . newline newline  thank you for that . now , we understand you eventually had to leave the house . please explain what happened .  newline newline  yeah ... well , we ran out of food , like we thought . things were in full apocalypse mode by then . very few living , too many dead , and way too many undead . they littered the streets . i had nt killed one by this point ... i thought we did a good job staying contained . there were nights we thought they d get in , but a honk down the street would lead them away . the cable was down , and after 6 months internet went as well . phones stayed up , but few people answered . when my parents did nt answer for a week ... i knew something had happened . i did keep in contact with my brother . i still do . i got lucky with him . anyway , we needed food , and knew we had to leave . we had the gas in our car , so we took off for the city , running down the occasional walker . we would go from house to house . she would drive around the neighborhood , taking their attention off me , and i would search . came close many times , but the thought of leaving my wife behind would overpower . one day , after successful searching , we came back to our house on fire . not sure how that happened , still to this day .  newline newline this is getting too much . my girls continue to sit silently . they had no idea what i was talking about . they almost knew we used to lie to them . they have to realize it s for their own good at some point , right ? newline newline  we moved around , mostly using my car . things looked grim , until the military arrived . we were rounded up and brought to a safe zone ... and you know the rest . they were able to win the battle , and we were able to start a new , after a lot of cleanup , 3 years later .  newline newline  that really is a fascinating story . how would you describe your life after the events ?  newline newline  it was great ... we had two great girls ...  newline newline i ca nt continue to put up this front . the anger was taking hold of me . i knew we were on live television . i look into the camera . newline newline  this country is still not safe . a zombie came up to my backyard and bit my wife in broad daylight . my kids were outside , and she stepped in front of them . we live in a suburban neighborhood , no trees or oceans in sight , and yet my wife is still dead , almost 4 years after this fucking incident . now my children are going to grow up without a mother . if you want to avoid this fate , do not become assimilated back into your old life . that is gone now ! we need to continue living like we have the dead at our door .  newline newline  um , okay , i think that s all the time we have . thanks for watching .  newline newline the light goes dim . newline newline  what was that , sir ? are you trying to cause mass hysteria ?  newline newline i took my girls  hands and walked off . i hope my wife is proud . newline newline rnardwuarrwritesi am the first . this is so exciting . i get to be the first to sit and talk to them . 100,000 years have passed since the colonization team left . i get the first to be the first to reestablish contact . here of all places almost exactly in the middle of the 2 planets . as if we were called together at the same time . newline newline swoosh . the door slides open revealing a small grey room with a metallic grey table with matching chairs on either side . across the room another door is opening in sync with my own . newline newline average . completely normal . the man on the other side of the door looks just like any other person . a little tense looking but completely normal . i feel a sigh of relief escape my mouth . i seem to notice a small change in his demeanor as well . he appears to be more relaxed . newline newline i begin to step forward to meet with him . he follows suit and we meet in the middle of the room to the right of the table . i reach out my hand to offer a handshake . his hand raises as well but his hand is in a fist . almost as if he is going for a fist bump . i close my hand to accommodate . but he seems to open up his hand . oh god this is awkward . our hands finally meet his whole hand wrapping around my fist with a shaking motion . we both smile as if we both acknowledge the stupidity that had just unfolded before us . newline newline i hesitantly say  hello ! i am sam burwell.  newline newline  hi ! bill mixon.  he replies . newline newline  shall we start.  newline newline  sure .  newline newline stepping back we took our seats , still facing each other . i chuckle under my breadth and swear he does the same . newline newline so many questions . i  m sure he has so many too . i begin ,  i  m sorry we haven  t come sooner . to be honest we all thought you were dead.  newline newline  our founders fought through some tuff times , but somehow they made it and established a great society here . why would you think we were dead ?  he ended puzzled . newline newline  well , around the time your  founders  left . a great plague hit the earth . it seemed to be everywhere all at once and spreading fast . we couldn  t be sure that the members of the crew weren  t infected.  i explained . newline newline  oh gihal , i  m sorry ! how bad was it ?  newline newline  we lost 95 percent of the earth  s population . the sickness seemed to target the best and brightest of us . which is another reason we thought your  founders  may have it ... it took us a long time to rediscover all the technology we lost.  i replied sadly . newline newline  our founders tell us that they lost communication with the home planet ...  eeearth  i think you said . perhaps this plague is why ?  wow ! amazing ! that is why you haven  t come earlier.  he exclaimed with the excitement of the new discovery . newline newline he continued  when the founders lost communication they pushed on with the mission . establish a new home grow and multiply . but they crashed upon landing on lost half the crew and most of the supplies.  newline newline  but here you are . so they must have done something right.  newline newline  yes yes they did.  newline newline  so why seek out earth now ?  i asked . newline newline  when we decided to explore deeper space . our first choice was always to seek out the home planet . and you , why seek us out now ?  newline newline  we wanted to colonize again and your planet was still the first and best choice . plus the benefit of a slim chance that you survived.  newline newline  well , this is all a very formal discussion . would you like to see my ship ?  he asked . newline newline shocked , i looked at him . he seemed genuine in his excitement and sincere in his hospitality . leaning my head to my right ,  commander ... permission to bored the colonists  ship ?  newline newline  permission granted.  newline newline  great its settled . follow me.  bill said as he stood and turned . newline newline  woah ! !  i gasped . there it was . swaying a back and forth . how had i not noticed it under . was it under the table the whole time . i know i didn  t see it when he walked in , but how could i it was behind him . he had a tail that that seemed as tall as long as him . it reminded me of the monkeys i  d seen in history books . newline newline he turned and looked back ,  oh ! this . sorry . ya it is kind of long . but the ladies don  t complain eehhh.  he exclaimed with a smile on his face .  how long is your  s ?  newline newline  edit :  wordsfriday . newline newline another one .  newline newline larry harry herman peered out of the slight gap of the curtains that smothered his upstairs window . he peered right down at where the tidy brown parcel rested  dead center on his doorstep . newline newline and i know it is nt for me . it will be for that damned robespierre again .  newline newline larry harry herman was not a popular man . that is not to say that he was a hated man . for the opposite of hate is love , and to be popular in today s world is to be wellknown , wellliked , a crusader of one s peers . with that definition , larry harry herman was unpopular in the sense that he was unseen , hardly remembered , and a ghost among his peers . newline newline from his small , rotound staturewhich was almost like that of a penguin , just not quite as pronouncedto his static and plain , almost blank expression , larry harry herman was unremarkable . he had none to call a friend , passable acquaintances  who would hardly recognize him on the street , despite working in a cublicle next to his for a decade  , and precious few surviving family members  all of whom were as plain and unremarkable as larry harry herman  , newline newline it pained larry harry herman to receive packages addressed to the previous tenant of his twostory brownstone house . each brown parcel with the name j. r. robespierre , 123 washburne way carefully printed on the label was a sharp dagger to the heart of larry harry herman . it was the embodiment of the world at large and it s collective oversight of his existence . newline newline this robespierre fellow better not cross paths with me !  larry harry herman mutters to himself as he ambles down the two flights of stiars to retrieve the parcel . newline newline he was annoyed at robespierre , whomever he might be , for not putting in a valid forwarding address . six months was far too long to be receiving a package for the wrong man in his own home , was larry harry herman s forlorn protest echoing in his balding head as he huffed and puffed in heaving his front door open . he huffed and puffed with each door he opened , not because he was weak , but because he was out of shape , as middleaged men with no wives to feed them vegetables and lean meat are wont to be . newline newline the front door sprung open with a solid whoof of air compressing inward and outwards , and broad rays of sunlight immediately invaded the dark interior of the brownstone s foyer . newline newline larry harry herman winced in response to the bold light of day and quickly brought up a chubby hand with short fingers to shield his eyes from the intruding brightness . he squinted and pushed his eyebrows into the cusp of his clammy palm as he snatched the parcel up with his free hand . newline newline he brings it inside . newline newline he stares at the carefully printed address label . newline newline j.r. robespierre newline 123 washburne way newline newline he glares . newline newline he stares some more . newline newline and a little more . newline newline i ve had quite enough of this nonsense .  larry harry herman says to himself in his empty voice . he was not quite interesting or aware enough to actually posess the quality that would allow one to be offended : persona . but in all actuality , larry harry herman was quite offended at the constant reminder of just how invisible , overlooked and boring he was . newline newline the parcels were the straw upon the camel s back for larry harry herman . newline newline perhaps i should like to have a parcel , hmm ? just once .  larry harry herman mutters with the faintest trace of agitation as he holds the parcel straight out in front of him and takes brisk , purposeful strides towards his kitchen . newline newline six months . six months i have received these parcels , addressed to j.r. robespierre ,  larry harry herman now speaks at a stronger pitch . he slams the parcel down with not very much force behind it and starts hunting around in a drawer for a pair of shears . newline newline six months , i have done what i am supposed to do as a citizen of this sovereign country and i have returned it to the postmaster . six months , i have gone out of my way to return mail that was sent to my house bearing the wrong name . that is far too long !  newline newline larry harry herman wields the scissors in his hand and his wispy mustache quivers slightly as he pants steadily , glaring at the brown parcel and those neatly printed words on the front . newline newline six months , i have endured these painful reminders that i am quite invisible and quite alone in the world . i can not even live in my house in peace without a parcel showing up for someone who lives here no longer ! ! newline newline larry harry herman spits the last two words out of his thin mouth with a sneer of disgust and pained contempt . newline newline larry harry herman is showing more emotion and response than he has in his entire existence , and while his chest began to curiously hurt  his full focus was still on the parcel before him and the scissors in his hand . with a knitted brow , a cursory blink of his eyelids to wick away the beats of sweat that now hovered over his forehead , larry harry herman flew at the strings that bound the parcel together . newline newline he would be j.r. robespierre for the moment . he would open the parcel as if it was his . after all , it was not his fault that this robespierre fellow could not manage the very simple task of putting in a valid , working forwar   newline newline larry harry herman stops . newline newline he puts down the scissors with a rapid motion . newline newline he stares at the parcel and all the shredded brown wrapping paper and strings that once bound its contents together . newline newline it is a box . a white department store box . newline newline larry harry herman is afraid to touch it . newline newline he stares at the gleaming white box for a good moment , and the box stares back at him . newline newline i m so sorry newline newline larry harry herman mutters his apology quickly and rapidly as he snatches the tape out of the same drawer where he retrieved the scissors from . he works nimbly to tape the brown tatters of wrapping paper and string back together . newline newline he makes sure to cover all traces of the whtie department store box beneath . newline newline he finds the address label and neatly tapes a new white label next to it and scribbles return to sender within the margins . newline newline then , larry harry herman places it directly outside for the postmaster to collect on tomorrow s route . newline newline larry harry herman scampers up the stairs and spends the remainder of the day locked in his study , reading the daily reports from work with timorous fortitude . newline newline larry harry herman knows just how close to differentiation he came  and he makes due note to himself to never touch another misaddressed parcel again . newline newline larry harry herman fades safely into obscurity . newline newlineinitially i thought  this has got to be the worst weapon ever .  newline i was my ages chosen . it seems that throughout history each age has had a chosen . one person who heard the call . it started out as a feeling , then it became a drive and then an obsession . it ate at me until eventually i quit my job , hopped in my car and drove . i traveled across half the country . it eventually came to a cave in the superstition mountains . i had no idea what was calling to me at the time . i just knew i had to find it . as i explored the depths of the cave i came to a room , more of a warehouse really . it was filled with aisle after aisle of weapon racks . filled with almost every type of weapon imaginable . they ranged from a slingshot and boomerang  those were right by the entrance  to mjolnir and excalibur  near the back  . the further back i went the odder the weapons were . by the time i was halfway to the back of the cave i had passed several rows of things i had could not identify . newline i wondered if some of these things were even from our world . some looked like they used technology . i was sure i had seen a light saber . i ignored these as i kept going . i arrived at the back of the cave and saw it held a single closed weapon cabinet . i knew in it was what had brought me here . i approached knowing that inside was my prize . i grabbed the handle and threw open the door . there inside i saw it . my ... ... stick ... .. newline yup , what the freaking hell , i had come all this way , i had thrown my life away in pursuit of a freaking stick . now i will admit it was a nice looking stick . it was definitely old . so old in fact it had petrified . i thought to myself that as far as weapons go it could be worse . i mean the thing was rock hard , if i hit someone with it it could maybe kill someone . i was disappointed though , i mean a room with all these amazing items and i am called by a stick . i decided that since i had come all this way the least i could do was claim my prize and head out . newline as i grabbed the stick i heard its voice , the thing that had been all this time a feeling was now given voice , booming loudly in my head . clear as a bell it said ,  finally it is time . you are to be the last of mankind s chosen and as such i am yours .  i was stunned and as i thought to my self  what  the voice went on to tell me the story of how every age one human was called to this place , one of the items here would call to himher and once claimed that person would go on to change the world . people like king arthur , thor  a man made god by the hammer mjolnir  joan of arc among others . as the stick explained to me the importance of the call , the honor in being chosen , i listened . after learning the complete history of this place  which i was told can be anywhere it needs to be  , every weapon and wielders true story . i realized i had no choice but to accept my part in what was to be . newline i was at least intrigued . i did however think to myself  yeah , but what am i going to do with just a stick .  the voice crashed inside my head  just a stick ! ! !   mortal do you not know what you hold ?  to which i replied  um , no .  the voice answered  you , chosen , hold reason , the evolver  i thought  sorry but i have never heard of you .  it replied but much softer this time .  has it been so long , i suppose it has .   i am reason , i am the stick that was picked up by the first of your kind . before he held me mankind were nothing more than apes . upon hearing my call one ape , the first chosen , grabbed me up and i bestowed upon him reason and he became the first human . he evolved into the father of all mankind . newline  now chosen , it is time again to evolve . prepare for you shall be the first of what modern man is to become .  why did you try to do it ?  she was sitting in the chair beside my feet . her hair was currently in a ponytail because she had rushed over here too fast to fix it . she looked at me with that look that she rarely gave but meant so much . newline newline  reasons .  it was the first word i had uttered since i had swallowed those pills . newline newline  more specifically ?  newline newline  like you care ...  i looked away , i could nt stand for her to see me like this . why would nt she just leave me be ? she punched me in the arm , hard . newline newline  what was that for ?  newline newline  you idiot ,  she looked down then stared me in the eye ,  how could you say that ?  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  of course i care ! if anyone cares it s me !  she started to cry . newline newline  i m sorry i did nt mea  newline newline  you just tried to kill yourself ! if you had a reason , it better be a damn good one !  i just stared down at my bed sheets , too ashamed to face her . newline newline  well ?  newline newline  i just did nt think there anything left for me .  it was the first time that i had really understood my own reasons for doing it . at the time i had just felt empty , a husk of my former self . newline newline  but that s not true .  newline newline  give me one good reason . inside i m empty , i no longer have any purpose in life . i somehow managed to live through everyday knowing that there no one there for me at the end . i was tired of it , tired of pretending to be okay .  i wanted to cry , but i could nt . i could nt feel anything anymore , just a want , no i need , for it all to be over . newline newline  me ,  she stood up and leaned down and kissed me as she hugged me ,  you have me . you ve always had me . we ve known each other all our lives and we ve always been there for each other .  she leaned back to speak to me directly .  i love you , and i always have .  newline newline deep down something lit inside of me . at first , just a spark , it sent dim light throughout the empty cavern . then it rapidly grew into a roaring blaze , a fire made from a single emotion that i ve always had . it filled me with its eternal hope . it was the drive i need it , it was the motivation that i desired . it was love , love for the one person that had always meant the most to me . newline newline  thank you .  and as that fire burned inside of me , i cried , so unbelievably happy that i now had someone to live for .my name is ... i do nt remember , but if you are reading this  i am in mortal danger . from what i have gathered nearly two years e a horrible accident occurred , i m having trouble remembering the name of the biological containment center  but the name isnt important right now ... what you must understand is the center was targeted by some rogue militia ... or terrorist organization or something , again the name does nt matter  whats is important is that you understand the impact that this has had on everyday life , not just for me but for the world ... for the past two years i have slowly been picking up the pieces of my life ... i was once lost in a sea of the mundane day to day activities  work , eat , sleep ... work , eat , sleep ... work , eat , sleep ... until one day things fell apart  i was attacked ... by this thing ... i dont know what to call it ... . its hard to even remember what it looked like now , but what i do remember is is it was hideous  i had to fight for my life ... i , do nt remember much about that day , or much after really ... but ever since then ... newline newline my name is john blackwell at least that s what my employee badge says ... i dont know how much time has passed between when i first started writing this letter  if you are reading this be careful there are these things out there  from what i have gathered they eat people , i was lucky to escape one this morning  on my way back from work ... i thought it peculiar that no one showed up today ... newline newline my name is john blackwell im currently located at the kessler traumatic brain injury center for rehabilitation ... from what i have gathered i have been writing myself notes ... i have been writing to you for quite some time however i keep forgetting ... we keep forgetting ... .. we were smart enough to record myself on camera and leave ourselves a message  but that message is now gone ... there was an attack that lead to a fire ... .i was injured  but i think im fine for the time being ... . i am attempting to finish this letter in hopes that you will read this ... . keep this letter close at hand ... . the world as we know it is gone ... a infections disease has been released on the global population ... your life is in danger ! ! ! ! do not approach anyone ... .i suffered a separation from someone i cared for very deeply . i went home , sat down and just started to write . a while ago i had written something along the lines of a secluded garden for her . i did nt know who it was about until i was done , i did nt know what it was about until days later . newline newline i walk through an opening in a row of hedges . it was quite tight and narrow but it was definitely an opening . judging by the packed dirt beneath my feet i was not the first person to come through here . i walked approximately 15 feet before i exited the hedge and entered into what seemed a new world . colors were much brighter and more vivid . birds sang with such grace and harmony it marveled the great musicians of my time . this world was just more rows of hedges with violets and roses patterned into them . arranged into optical illusions , or works of art . tulips were spattered almost randomly . dandelions were sparse , not existing lower than 5 feet from the ground . i removed my headdress , the sun was not as hot as it was . the desert sun had burned my skin brown , but here it treated everyone . every inch of the earth as equals . i walked for what seemed like hours . it was a maze of beauty , a labyrinth of loneliness . hours turned to days , days to weeks . i never once came upon a spot which i had been . never once did i see a pattern i had already seen . it was like it was growing with every step . my mind was kept sane by the garden . it sang to me at night so i could sleep . it nourished my body when i tried to kill it . it talked to me when i talked to it . it held me in her arms when i was cold . she listened to me when i complained , or when i bragged , even when i said nothing at all . she cheered me up when i was down . she called me out when i was wrong . she wanted to fight me when i made her angry . and now , it was gone . a lightning storm in the night burned the garden to ashes . from those ashes rose someone who does nt take no for an answer . someone who thinks before he speaks . someone who never acts when angry . someone who is more patient . someone new . newline newline at this point i realized who it was about , but not what it was about . i had subconsciously written every thing i knew about her . i was nt the first packed dirt beneath my feet  . she showed me how amazing the world can be a new world , colors were brighter and more vivid  . she liked to play off more than she actually was , she would act tough but she was never tough  optical illusions  . she was beautiful works of art  . i opened my self up and let her in even though i had been hurt before  removed my headdress , the sun had burned my skin brown  . i spent months trying to get her to feel the same way hours turned to days , days to weeks  . she never stopped impressing me with new little quirks or idiosyncrasies  never once did i see a pattern i had seen before , it was like it was growing with every step  . newline newline i would always write her things , i would woo her with words . words are my wingman , and also the cockblocker . i could make her laugh , or i could make her cry with just a couple of written words . i told her , anytime , anywhere , anything . ask me to write you something and i will . even though i m in the middle of regret . in 10 years when i would had moved on . i would still write her something . because she will be the inspiration for every story i will ever write . i do nt really think i can muster the words to tell her how thankful i am for that little train ride of happiness . newline newline i hope this is nt out of place , i have never posted here and i guess i got lucky that it just happened to be sunday . well , thanks for reading . what was it like ?  newline newline i beat a woman s head in with a rock . that s what it was like . newline newline a low chuckle followed by paper rustling .  newline newline survival ? it fucking sucked . a lot of people are going to try and dress it up and paint some kind of fucking artsy bullshit about how humanity won out against the zeds . newline newline and yeah , in some places , like the folks out at shed who lived off the exhibits , or that fucking elephant keeper , you ll see some sparkling examples of the human spirit breaking the mindless zombie hordes . newline newline flick , blaze.. poof newline newline we had taken over most of the neighborhood s yards before the first winter . there was ten of us then , and we only had to kill about double that to keep the land , not counting clearing the zeds ... newline newline the feed goes quiet for a handful of heartbeats . before she starts up again .  newline newline luckily , the older couple who liked to garden had skipped out early , or were bitten . either way , we had seeds , tools and enough canned crap to last that first winter without having to eat anyone . newline newline coughs newline newline do nt wince soft hands , we were nt all safe and tucked into a blue zone like you . my mother did nt suck a dick as well as yours i guess eh ? newline newline the coughing gets worse newline newline i did nt used to smoke either . newline newline everyone in my family had ... father , mother and sister . could nt stand the shit . the old man dropped off before the plague , and mom was in a chair then.. she lasted the entire damned thing , puffing in that chair with us . died of a fucking infection after the blue coats got around to fucking  saving  us . newline newline good on you lot for that , by the by . only took you a decade . newline newline sizzle.. poof newline newline did i know the woman ?  newline newline no shit , i knew her . what are you supposed to do when you see someone get bit ? you think i m gon na be one of those dumb fuck s locking their family in a basement and hope for a cure ? you know what happened to those idiots ? newline newline they got fucking ate . newline newline survival fucking sucks kid . be thankful you have to fucking ask about it .i m a social worker . for alien inmates  but i see them less as prisoners and more as immigrants or refugees . newline newline it all started a few years ago when small meteorite structures randomly started to impact earth  most were about 78 feet long , with some outliers . governments swarmed to the crash sites , sending swaths of scientists and military personal to analyze the crap out of everything . when the aliens would pop out of their pods , everybody would freak out and round them up . pretty soon an international holding place for the new visitors was built , and all the aliens have since then been sent there . newline newline as soon as they could , every agency imaginable was trying to conduct interviews on these guys to figure out why they came here . did they want a trade agreement ? share technological advances ? declare war ? turns out , just about every alien had the same story : the officials of their worlds had labeled our planet insane were using us as an intergalactic loony bin . newline newline the thing was , most of the newcomers were completely normal , at least to us . some of them had committed some pretty brutal crimes , to be sure , but the majority had apparently been only branded  mentally challenged  by their native psychoanalysts . but even then , almost all of them acted like the best of us . world leaders decided to let them mingle with humans as a social experiment , which is where i come in . i just keep regular checkups on the lives of a fraction of our new inhabitants . newline newline nothing huge happened after they were let out  the safe ones , since we got a decent influx of hardened criminals . we kept them locked up  . social media blew up , but it explodes at the mere drop of a pen if it has something to do with what people like . and people liked these aliens because they basically melded right into human culture in no time . they talk like us , interact like us  they re smarter and more polite than most of us  there s virtually nothing wrong with them , save the occasional jackassesque stunt , for which i blame social media  let s face it , a lot of people on the internet do and promote stupid shit  . newline newline nothing s really changed except that we ve an international prison and a bunch of walking , talking humansized invertebrates in the work force . and considering what s been in scifi cartoons and movies , even that stuff s not new to us . newline newline it really just makes me wonder what kind of uptight assholes we have as neighbors in this universe .i ve been lurking on reddit for a while , but this is the first thread that inspired me to actually post .  it s hard to resist when i m supposed to talk about my writing .  so , hi ! :  newline newline i ve been writing for over 20 years . i discovered my love for creating stories back in grade school , when i d make  books  by stapling together halfsheets of blank paper and then scrawl a sentence or two per page in giant childish handwriting . i started with horse stories and eventually graduated to genres that range from hard science fiction to urban fantasy . i went through a fanfiction phase , too , but thankfully that ended some years ago . newline newline i ve finished one novel , though i ve yet to get it published , and i m currently working on a handful of others . as a scientist , my intent is to develop rich worlds with internally consistent rules that can still stretch the laws of physics and both challenge and excite a reader s imagination . the characters that populate these worlds are  usually  people i can connect to , people whose motivations i can understand even if i ca nt accept or agree with the decisions they make . newline newline i just realized the previous paragraph did a poor job of explaining why i write . i write because it s in my blood . i ca nt sing , i ca nt create videos , i ca nt draw , i ca nt sculpt , yet i yearn to create . so a blank page or screen has become my canvas where i sketch with similes and paint with metaphors . for me , few things provide the same rush as a friend talking to me  or , better yet , others !  about a story i wrote : it means someone other than me actually read it .circa 500 b.c .  newline newline his sandals slapped on the marble , the sound barely rising above the distant moaning and heady laughter echoing from the other houses . the wornout strips of leather that wrapped his feet were out of place against the ornate floormurals made with deep azures and goldleafed designs . newline newline the walls seemed to be moving  squeezing in , and squeezing out . the acrid scent of burning filled the hallway , and slight tendrils of smoke lifted up from the corners of the room . newline newline   well ?   the voice of god swept over him like a wave , threatening to knock him to his knees . newline newline chandeliers hanging from the vaulted ceiling clinked and swayed , causing tiny lights to dance over the man s shaved head . newline newline he clasped his hands together , and as if refusing nothing more than a sweet treat , he said ,  no , thank you .  newline newline as if in response , the whole room quaked . tremors rattled the chandeliers , and bits of crystal rained down on the marble floor , shattering like ice . newline newline   i have shown you all of my houses . how can none of them interest you ?   god demanded . newline newline the man rubbed at the back of his shiny scalp , a lopsided touching his wrinkled eyes ,  forgive me , but it is all very material .  newline newline the tendrils of smoke plumed into columns ,   and ?   newline newline his grin faltered . he shrugged , and adjusted the winecolored sash wrapped around his body , saying  i thought there would be more .  newline newline   more ?   the floor below his feet shook , and this time he really did fall to his knees ,   you stand in the house of greed , and you want more ?   newline newline  yes . no . i mean to say , i thought your heaven would be different .   newline newline   ungrateful !   the voice of god roared , and cracks appeared through the marbled murals . the chandeliers rocked violently , and a rain of shattered crystal and flakes of gold crackled around him . but the man did not move to cover himself . instead , he crossed his legs , clasped his hands together , and waited while the tides of anger broke over him . newline newline   then i will give you more . behold , my seventh house  and know that i am god .   newline newline  nobody is disputing your claim .  newline newline   behold !   newline newline tongues of flame burst from the floor and licked up the walls , bathing them in fire . the rain of crystal and gold became a bright crimson liquid , and the marble cracked and ground against itself , until it was nothing more than a coarse sand that burned at the touch . distant moans of ecstasy became cries of agony , and a pulsing sound  a drum beat , or a heart beat  hammered through the house . newline newline the man drew a long , deep breath through his nose . he closed his eyes , as if he were sitting by the side of a calm mountain stream , instead of a boiling lake of fire . he allowed a serenity to settle onto his face as he counted his breaths . newline newline   is this what you wanted ?   god howled ,   to see my seventh house ?   newline newline  not really , no .  newline newline   what kind of godfearing man are you ?   newline newline  i m not , really .  newline newline   you are not impressed ?   newline newline  i have seen your houses , six plus one . your pride and your lust run deep . i have felt your anger and your unimaginable greed . and i have found it lacking .  newline newline   lacking ? !   the voice of god boomed . and then , the voice of god echoed the question , except this time god seemed to be asking the question of god s self ,   lacking ...   newline newline  yes ,  the man folded slipped his hands inside his saffron sleeves ,  i have already lived a material life . i believed  i hoped there would be something more .  newline newline the beat of the drums faded , and the walls of infernos diminished into sizzling torches . even the sand cooled , and became smooth . newline newline   what did you have in mind ?   newline newline the man bowed his head , and for a time the house was silent . when at last he spoke , a wistful expression played at the wings of his lips ,  i had hoped , humbly , for a place to contemplate . perhaps you could make a new house , bereft of desire , and void of sin .  newline newline the animosity was gone from god s voice ,   you ask for an eighth house ?   newline newline  i do . a house of peace .  newline newline god s response was slow , mediated , as if the idea of peace was foreign to him ,   go on .   newline newline  have you heard of a man called buddha ? a love like newline i want a love newline like when we meet i have so many words , but so little courage to speak them newline i want a love newline like when i  m falling asleep , i smile because i  m imagining the face she makes when she  s waking up newline a love newline like i want to buy boxes of lucky charms so i can take out all the hearts and spell out love notes on the dining room table newline newline i want a love newline like i see her at her best , even when she sees herself as at her worst newline and that  s reciprocal newline and that  s honest newline and that  s the type of love you hold on to newline newline i want a love newline like at any given moment i can realize a thousand different reasons to be happy about her , and they are all , lucid in my mind newline a love newline like i write the most beautiful things about you and you don  t even know newline well i mean you do now , but , i wanted you to know this even when you didn  t newline a love newline like where she does not treat me as an option because i am her priority newline i want a love like newline like us being tangled is the sheets is a bondage i could live with forever , even if she steals the comforter late at night newline a love  like i wouldnt mind that newline i want a love newline like at an award show some dude get up to talk about the latest romance movie and kayne busts in saying  these two have one of the best loves of all time  newline newline a love newline like she realizes she cant please everyone , but she makes the effort to please me newline newline i want a love newline like a gallon of nitro glycerin so strong , volatile , fragile , liquid , viscous , clear , capable , constructive , destructive , potent , productive and passionate that i  m afraid to handle it , but do because i know if i don  t , someone else will , and ill be careful and use that capability to create something beautiful . newline newline i had a love like this , and i miss her everyday . i  m envious of all of you who have love , i sympathize with all of you who lost it , and have advice to all of you who seek it . don  t , it will find you , when you are content with dating yourself , and when you least expect it . newline newline  in the style of shihan  newlineboring . newline that s what the dmv is all about . the seemingly endless waiting , the voice of the sassy middle aged receptionist that comes over the intercom every so often , and the hordes of other people waiting there for help with a ticket or license plate or whatever issue they had . newline in the age of smartphones though , the wait always led to hours of texting or playing games , so a few hours on reddit or emulating pokemon blue was nt anything i was a stranger to . newline newline suddenly while i was in the middle of battling a weak cueball biker on cycling road , a text interrupted my game . a slight wiggle from the notification bar above caught my eye and i being annoyed at the notification barely but obviously obstructing my screen decided to read it . newline newline  you re next  newline newline as i read the message , a slight chill went down my back and thinking to every horror movie and game i could think of , came rushing to me . newline it could be a prank , a demon , a murderer . i did not have the number and the area code was from somewhere i was nt accustomed to seeing . almost immediately after , the intercom shouted my number . i was relieved , the wait was short today . i went up to the front desk and started to voice my complaints , since obviously i had not been going 175 miles an hour in oregon the day before , seeing as i was in florida with a beat up old chevy that could barely hit 80 . the front lady did the usual company beat around the bush bullshit , and i , frustrated was told to wait in another room . that s where hell began . newline newline as i walked into the room i saw 5 other people , about my age , sitting on their call phones . they all had the same phone as i did , a new version of htc s best gaming phone . three of them were talking with each other across the small space and two were laughing . i had the urge to know what they were doing , since the noises coming from their phones sounded awesome and i was a bit of a gamer . newline newline so i asked them what game they were playing . newline newline  hell  they all responded simultaneously . that freaked me out a bit , but then i said whatever and checked the app store . newline newline hell was an  intense and colorful game of cooperation , tactics and manly spirit !  newline newline after reading that , i knew the game had to be from japan . manly spirit was used a lot in manga and anime , and i always liked reading stories like that so i downloaded it . after it installed i started the game and as it patched the 5 in the room sighed and started paying each other , like they had some kind of bet going . newline newline i asked them what was going on and they replied that may people had come in and out but none other then them had downloaded the game . i wondered why it was such a big deal and before they said anything , my hands felt an electrical surge . the game was running and i could nt move my hands . the game was started and i was going to be playing whether i wanted to or not . newline newline from an outside perspective , it was a normal rpg , but it required 6 players , each a different class to move out from the starting room . the starting room was like a tavern where all sorts of info could be learned , and the other 5 helped me get up to speed about what they had found out while waiting for me . many odd rules were in place , including the fact that we had to stick together to do well , and the closer we were to each other in the game , the more powerful our characters would be . the class i chose was the tank . i love being the focal point of enemy attacks and being able to have a big decision in where we decide to go , so i was happy , but the others had been bickering over classes forever . soon we got to playing the game and it was a blast . the mechanics were wonderful and the enemies thrilling to battle . we steadily progressed through the stages until we finally got to the last boss . it took all of our best efforts and 30 minutes of our time , but we ended up winning . after that our hands were unglued to the phones and we exchanged numbers and info as friends . but when we tried to leave the room , the intercom voice shouted at us newline newline   no ! you can not leave until you beat the final boss !   i was confused at that point , the dmv was telling us to beat the final boss to leave ? that did nt make any sense whatsoever , so as we started talking about the ludicrous statement , a side door opened . a huge room with armor and weapons from  hell  were all over the room , and a teleport pad like the ones into the boss room awaited us . feeling nervous , i equipped my endgame gear and grabbed my archdemon s fang 7 sword and my usurper s righteous shield , and waited for the other to get ready . once we were all ready we stepped onto the teleporter and what stood there shook our bones . a 57  250 lb middle aged woman with long nails and big hair was staring at us . after the archer observed her , a status ailment of sassy was permanently added . this was easily the most horrifying boss we could ve encountered , so we maintained our raid positions and attacked . 3 hours off attacking and wailing on this overpowered boss did nothing , and each of us was bombarded with personal insults and name called that almost all of our potions were used up . one by one my friends were annihilated and disintegrated before my eyes . at that moment the boss started to get serious as she pulled out a megaphone . she shouted newline newline   number 357 , get your ass over here   i was pulled with an unavoidable gravity technique right in front of her , and on my attempts to move i could not . then she pulled back her hand and was about to slap me when suddenly ... .. newline newline i shuddered as i sat up in my chair , all seemingly a dream as i walked up to the counter . the real final boss from my dream was sitting in the chair and pointed to a nice looking man with glasses who was about to take my case . as i walked with him to his office i looked behind me , and as i was still sleepy , i could nt tell if what had happened next was real , but the sassy lady from the front pulled out a small knife when she pretended to bend down and looked at me with the evil in her eyes that i could not mistake for anything else but bloodlust . newline newline stupid boring dmv just like usual .the world has plunged into darkness as the last of humanity has been drowned in chaos after the year 1797 . the son of the dark lord failed in his mission to overthrow his father , and now the domain and power of the prince of darkness reigns over the bitter ashes of a broken world . newline newline it began shortly after the conflict between father and son ended . with his son defeated and buried to never rise again , the dark lord rose to his fullest power in a matter of hours . good had finally failed , and now at his fullest power he unleashed the seed of chaos and fire upon mankind . newline newline the seed took many forms . mothers threw babies and children off cliffs , men began to rape and drink the blood of one another , and the elderly fell to disease and leprosy swiftly . as time went on , towns were riddled with rats and plague , boils covering the flesh of every man that had lived thus far . the dead came from their graves no matter how deep , and with renewed life force and will served the dark lord s will , slaughtering what few lived still . newline newline in time humanity fell and no manner of life remained . the sun was blotted out from the sky , eternally eclipsed by the moon , and the prince of darkness once again walked the earth without fear of ever being scorned by the eye of the sky . the lord of wallachia was now the lord of earth , and it was upon the bones of a million deceased that he built his new throne . newline newline with lisa s death avenged , dracula vlad tepes smiled for the first time in centuries . t was a beautiful night .usually i do nt draw pictures on paper . i suck at drawing . i ca nt even draw a line without it swerving away . newline newline today i tried drawing again , just for no reason . however , the curves were almost smooth and lines were straight , which i was happy about , but i did nt notice the smoothness of my drawing or how my pencil was making deep black marks .  ... .what did she say ? ...  x4  8  k7 ? ... ..i wonder what conversations my friends are going to have online ...  were a couple of my bouncing thoughts . i seem to daydream sometimes . before i knew it , the bell rang , startling me into finishing the drawing . i quickly grabbed the paper and placed it into my binder along with my calculator and other papers , not noticing it s very faint glow . newline newline  your drawing looked nice .  was a comment that one student told me . as i hate so much to interact with other students  most of the students in school are assholes , that would say something rude to me so i just ignore them all .  , i dismissed it without a second thought and waited for dismissal . newline newline i sit by myself on the bus looking out the window . we go the exact same route everyday , passing the cherry tree . today , my sightseeing was halted by a sudden tingling on my back . newline newline when i get home i do the same stuff each time . throw my stuff on the ground , lock the door , put the dogs outside , and set up my laptop . the sensation was growing , and i can feel it . i kept on scratching my back for it before contacting my friends in a group chat . newline newline  chat log 3122015 start . newline newline  pacs : its a fucking friday yes newline  scas : i ve had tests all week , its been horrible ... . newline  rwars : i m home from school . what are you walk and talking about newline  scas : still cant believe that your school lets you out this late all the time newline  rwars : well at least i do nt have to wake up at 5am getting ready newline  pacs : i would of believed you if you did have to wake up at 5 in the morning , you give yourself like 2 hours to prepare for school newline  rwars : i give myself an hour and a half . anyways , help me , my back is buzzing like fuck newline  rwars : my back needs to calm the fuck down newline  pacs : rwars has cancer newline  scas : rip in pieces rwars newline  rwars : it s being weird as fuck like what the hell newline  rwars : help newline  pacs : try moving around newline  rwars : its starting to hurt bad newline  rwars : i dont know whts happening newline  rwars : is this normal what the hell newline  rwars : what should i do newline  scas : i think you should call 911 newline  pacs : or call 911 newline  scas : that was a fucking unfunny joke , dude . newline  pacs : i tried newline newline  chat log 3122015 end . newline newline as i sent that message , i began trembling , before moaning from the pain . the paper with the picture on it was glowing from the inside , but was hidden away from my sight . newline newline i fell on to the floor as the pain was getting worse and worse . minutes passed before i curled up into a ball from the pain . eventually , two wings soaked with my blood burst through my back . i screamed in pain as they burst through . soon , i realized that the tingling went away . i sighed with relief until i noticed the wings .the cast iron pan vibrated on the stovetop with a magnetized hum , resisting charlene s grip .  damn it !  she said , and grabbed at it again , and it dragged back down against her arm . she gripped it tight with two hands and the whole pan upturned to the floor and spun to rest with a loud clang . level 18 cooking required read the words , bright and flashing . newline newline  i have cooked !  charlene yelled at the pan , clutching her bathrobe closed .  i have cooked eggs for decades , i have cooked roasts , i have cooked  i have cooked souffles , you damn pan !  she crouched down , her knees pressing against the linoleum in her thin pajama bottoms , and scraped her fingers around the edges of the pan . it had turned upsidedown , and it was impossible to find leverage . level 18 it repeated . level 18 .  i am  i have cooked for three boys and two girls , and i  gah !  she said , and waved a chipped fingernail .  i am more than level 18 !  she said , and stood . the pan regarded her implacably , a single stern black eye . newline newline  fine !  charlene said , and marched to the refrigerator .  fine then , fine then !  she yanked out the bread and stuffed slices into the toaster and tried to push the lever down . level 4 required it said , and refused to move .  toast !  gasped charlene .  no ! oh no you do nt ! i know i m at least level 4 !  the microwave s buttons were like paintedon markings underneath her fingers . level 10 required it said .  god !  she said . the knives in their chopping block were a level 15 . charlene began ransacking the cupboards , emptying the fridge . milk , oatmeal , canned tuna , bran cereal , prunes , cocoa mix , tea bags , tomatoes . the pots and pans were useless , the stove refused to turn on , blinking level 16 at her . the can opener hissed at her and blinked level 12 . in desperation she grabbed a bowl and held in under the sink , listening to the water rush in . she threw in the tea bags , the cocoa mix , the oatmeal , and sloshed it together with a spoon .  i know how to cook !  she yelled .  i ve been cooking all my life ! i know how to cook !  newline newline  mom ?  a voice said , and she looked up to see a strange man standing in her kitchen in a wifebeater and pajama bottoms , hair running down his forearms . he was  she blinked . he looked familiar . newline newline  who are you ?  she said cautiously , pointing the dripping spoon at him . newline newline  mom ,  he said , and stepped forward .  it s me . darryl . i m your son .  newline newline  darryl ,  she said , and slumped backwards against the counter .  i was  i wanted to cook breakfast for you .  she looked helplessly around the kitchen .  before you went to school .  newline newline  it s three in the morning , mom ,  he said .  and i have nt gone to school in over thirty years .  newline newline  have nt you ?  charlene muttered , and looked around at the overturned pan , the spilled oatmeal , the cabinet doors hanging open .  i just  i just came down here to cook , and the pan , the pan would nt let me , it said i had to be level  i do nt know , level something or another , and you know i can cook , darryl , i ve cooked for you and your brothers and sisters and your father , i ve been cooking all my life ...  newline newline  of course ,  darryl said , and put his arm around her , gently prising the spoon out of her grip .  but i can cook just find on my own , mom . cmon . cmon . let s get you back to bed , okay ?  newline newline  i can cook ,  charlene whispered , as he led her back to the stairs .  someone changed the levels , darryl . i could cook . if they ve just give me the chance .  newline newline  you do nt have to anymore ,  darryl said , his body massive next to hers . she leaned wearily against him .  cmon mom . let s get you back upstairs and into bed . i ll take care of you . i ll cook something for you , how about that ?  newline newline as he led her out , darryl tapped some buttons on the wall and reset the kitchen , pots and pans and groceries returning to their proper places . level 4 required flashed a message across the kitchen door , an invisible wall shimmering into place . it was an opal necklace ,  anna managed to choke out . newline newline she wore that necklace every day for years . it could be dressed down enough to be worn casually , but paired with a dress and earrings , it was the centerpiece of her outfits . newline newline  now this one , right here , with the purple stones it is very beautiful , very rare ,  she remembered the j.c. penney store clerk explaining ,  they don  t make them like this , usually.  for her eighth grade graduation , her mother had promised her jewelry . she always adored opals , as they were her birthstone . the necklace came with matching earrings . she remembered the dress she wore to graduation , this little white number adorned with colorful flowers . this dress also had the one thing any girl wants in a dress  pockets . yellow , wooden wedges , which added five inches to her already outstanding 5  8  height . those heels cut into her feet , so it was homeward bound before going to the graduation party . she switched to flats , then went to her best friend  s house . at that time , her best friend was a lovely girl named jamie , who had four cats . jamie had a cute house that always felt like home to anna . she remembered the red , cathair polluted carpet that surrounded the living room . she remembered dancing and smiling when they did get to graduation , and the awkward encounter with her seventh grade crush , where she just tried to be friendly again . newline newline  oh , i love the gold chain on this thing ! how precious , with the opal , and those stones , are those rubies ? purple rubies ?  she remembered her eccentric , but loving aunt asking . her aunt  s second marriage got her out of three days of sophomore year , so she was all for it . no matter how much of an ass her new husband was , and how weird his kids were , she hated everything about high school . she had recently found her purpose in theatre , after a year of hell without it . missing school for a twelve hour drive in a hot van with her family was more than worth it . even though her mom hated the trip , as she hated sleeping in the van , the family went often . usually , they took this trip in the summer , so taking it in the fall when it was much cooler was just the cherry on top . the ceremony was short and sweet . she wore the necklace with a new black dress . the dress had a white and black lace overlay , with flowers . she accompanied this with her favorite black stockings , the ones with the flowers . she wore her black suede  concert attire  wedges . she remembered her cousins , and her choice to not care about them anymore . she had always been warm to them , but now she couldn  t care less what they thought . newline newline  wow , let me see this thing a square opal , huh ? i really like that.  she didn  t remember who said this to her , but she remembered the gala that they had said it to her . the masquer  s gala , her junior year . she had never been to one , but she was running for office that year . she had to beat out two other people , for the most contested position of vp . she held this fond memory with her steadily , the pride she felt when she won . she remembered taking over her school  s theatre group completely , going above and beyond her duties . her mom was so proud of her , and how dedicated she was about everything . meetings every wednesday , a trip to the city they never took before , all of the events throughout the year , and even the planning of the gala that would retire her position . the one the year before , she spent the night talking to her crush , who eventually became the first boy who would break her heart . newline newline she had started wearing this necklace every day after she started college , it gave her a nervous habit that wasn  t picking at her nails . she moved the small piece of gold , opal , and rubies across the thin gold chain . she loved the way it pushed up against her finger , the small , empty space between the gold edging and the gems themselves . she liked how easy it was to get on , as long as she had some semblance of nails . she could push down on the tail of the small q shape , and slide on the small hook . this necklace held millions of memories , millions of stories . all the stories combined to allow her to remember her mom , even if her mom didn  t remember her anymore . newline newline  it was an opal necklace ,  anna managed to choke out , trying to describe it in the best way she could to her boyfriend , as she prepared for her mom  s funeral .  it  s the one she gave to me for graduation !  newlinewarning : long newline newline  the what ?  newline newline  do nt play dumb with me , mr. warkil . i know you heard me say  the screenshots  .  newline newline  i was nt even on a computer on that day . a phone at most . it was the techfree week  my friends invented in preparation for christmas .  newline newline  then explain these ...  his hand swept just above the table and let go of three printed images , each of them landing just in front of me . newline newline after a solid minute of scanning them , i realized something was nt right . newline newline  these are photographs , not screenshots . how could these have been on a computer ?  newline newline  well , that s usually what you call them .  newline newline i was now exponentially more confused and my face did not let me down in showing this . i knew what screenshots  were in this instance , but that definition was unlikely , as i never told anyone . the only action i performed besides wondering what he meant was a single blink towards a wall to the right of him . newline newline  there s another one .  , he said . newline newline at least , i did nt think i told it to anyone . but here this very determined agent was , asking me about my , in theory , nonexistent screenshots  with three of them as photographs right in front of me . i decided to cooperate for no reason other than the possibility that he explain something . newline newline  well , okay . the first one was during the 2nd game of pictionary that me , sarah , malcolm and yuri played . i still ca nt beleive she thought that was a gerbil  .  newline newline i could nt help but giggle a bit when the agent scribbled and circled gerbil  onto his notepad before his industrialstrength stare convinced me to get back on track . newline newline  the second was when we were having dinner after the 3rd pictionary game  . newline newline sarah s single mom was in the background , her accounting work stacked on the dinner table s left hand side . newline newline  too many onions : constant eyerubbing is not good for someone who needs glasses .  newline newline  46 screenshots in one minute .  newline newline now it was my turn to stare disapprovingly at him and i relished every moment , making sure to blink a few times . he apologised and returned to scribbling things down before asking a question . newline newline  how long was this one  , he pointed to sarah s mom on the 2nd picture  with you during dinner ?  newline newline  as far as i can tell , during the whole thing  though she was in the kitchen for a lot of it .  newline newline  did you hear any doors opening , see any strange containers or bags being shifted around ?  newline newline  not that i remember .  , i instinctively said . but then i anain saw sarah s mom hunched over , dragging a blue crate . it was slightly in my peripheral vision , so it was a little blurry , but i remembered the slightlyobscured word on the side facing me : srca . horror pulled my arm hairs up with it s ghostly fingers and carressed me down the spine . out of how long i irrationally tried to figure out what that word said , the word surgical  somehow never came to mind . newline newline  mr. warkil , we need you to go back there  find out anything else you can .  newlineexhausted , pyral fell to his knees . newline newline beeathing raggedly , he tried to pierce the fog clouding his mind , he tried to remember why he was here . a great feeling of urgency crouched at the back of his mind . there was a reason , he knew , for that urgency . a reason that eluded him the more he tried to focus on it . but his brain was too slow , his body hurt too much and he was far too tired . newline newline gasping in pain , he rolled onto his back . newline newline dimly , he was aware that he hit his head on the stone path . images flashed before his closed eyes , leaving behind impressions . desperately , he tried to capture an image . tried to hold on to one . any of them could be the key he needed . any of them could be what he needed to answer the only thing that mattered . newline newline what the hell was he doing here ? newline newline soon , that question was the only thing that pounded through his mind with every heartbeat . he could nt even think to ask himself his own name , nevermind remember it . he had no idea how long he focused on that one thought , holding on to the only thing that kept him from giving way to his pain , his exhaustion . all notion of time faded away . newline newline slowly , he noticed his breathing evened out . clutching at the one thing that could help him escape , he concentrated on his breathing . the question began to slowly dissolve in his mind , giving way to all the aches in his body . he had to take it slowly , one step at a time . taking a deep breath , he opened his eyes . newline newline above him , clouds floated calmly against the blue sky . the sunlight was burning his eyes , but he forced himself to endure it . lying there , staring at the sky , the feeling of urgency seemed to grow . it threatened to engulf his mind , to drag him back once again to a state of utter uselesness . newline newline no , he could nt let that happen . newline newline struggling in himself , he quelled the feeling . he did nt know how long he had lain there , doing absolutely nothing . he did know that it had been too long . ignoring every instinct in his body , he turned his head . newline newline tall grass sprouted by the stone path , rippling gently in the light breeze . he marvelled at each individul stalk , perfectly synchronised with all the others yet in its own way an individual . he could nt tell one apart from another . newline newline pyral frowned . why was that important ? why was he thinking about individuals and groups ? somehow , he knew that his feeling of urgency was related to that but as elusive as an eel the connection flew around the back of his mind . newline newline as he was concentrating , he barely noticed the bird land in front . it was a pretty nondescript bird . it was small , orangebeaked with a white and grey plumage . standing there , it eyed him curiously . newline newline in an instant he remembered . eyes wide with fear , he struggled back to his knees . newline newline suppressing the pain that lanced up his side , he found his staff at arm s reach . one end was vaguely shaped like a claw , the other was metaltipped for fighting . sticking the metal end in between the stones of the path , he clambered laboriously to his feet . newline newline dizzy with pain , he practically fell on to his staff . his legs were so weak it was a wonder they could even hold themselves connected to his body . trying not to fall over , he vaguely noticed the bird had flew away . newline newline the view was decidedly beautiful but the same in all direction . fields and hills of grass extended to the horizon . the only interruption was the dirt path he wandered . alone , as usual . newline newline shaking his head , he snarled at himself . he was pathetic , he could nt even stand properly . he could spew forth enough destruction to kill a dozen men before they even saw him but he could nt even make his legs work . newline newline  is this what you want for me ?  he shouted at the sky . atleast his voice was still working . newline newline no answer . why would there be ? there never was . he was less than a pawn in a game far too large for him to understand . newline newline he was relieved to find he was thinking clearly . a bit slowly maybe , but he had dispelled the fog in his brain . his job left no space for clouded thinking . newline newline looking back down the path he had come from , he wondered how far ahead he was . had he lost them perhaps ? left them behind with no idea where he went ? newline newline not likely . newline newline turning the other way , he forced himself to try and take a step forward . his whole focus , every part of him , was bent on completing that one , simple task . pain blossomed up and down his leg as he slowly lifted his foot an inch off the floor . shakily , he dragged it forward . newline newline wailing , he collapsed once again . as he stared down at his knuckles , he wondered what had motivated him all this time . what had dragged him all this way ? newline newline  look at me .  he said softly .  look at how i am . are you proud ?  newline newline proud that you can not move ? proud that you have a whole yttigal camp coming after you ?  newline newline finally , he was answered . newline newline  yeah ? well take a guess at who did that .  pyral snarled in reply . anger filled him like a wave stronger than his feeling of urgency . he let it , revelled in it .  guess who made me a broken piece . do you not love reminding me i am your pawn ? have you forgotten a pawn can only go forward ?  taking a deep breath , he howled .  look at me ! i ca nt go forward anymore !   newline newline enough !  the voice was like a hammer beating through his skull . newline newline but it was not enough . now he had started and he would finish on his own terms . newline newline  it is not enough !  he felt like he was hearing himself from far away . pyral felt as if the voice was nt his .  i am sick of your games , of your petty maneouvres ! i have done enough for you ! i ll take everything i have with me to the grave , i m sure the gatekeeper wo nt mind having it , now will he ?  newline newline a long pause ensued . you dare challenge me ?  newline newline  i agreed to help you a long time ago , when you had no other choice .  his voice was barely a whisper , but still not his .  i think it s time you repaid the favour . do you remember ? do you remember feeling hopeless , powerless ? who got you out of that ?  it did nt make a difference , but pyral lifted his face . the dirt path before him seemed very long .  who saved you ?  newline newline his sight began to waver , he was going to faint . no , he was going to die . stranded on a dirt road , in the middle of a strange land . newline newline he d never imagined a teary departure amongst friends , he d never had many of those , but he did want to have some dignity . he wanted to be remembered . newline newline fine .  the voice was barely a whisper . newline newline pyral felt his limbs grow stronger . he felt the healing spread rapidly across his whole body , banishing the pain like a bad memory . newline newline a thunderclap rang above him . perplexed , pyral began to look up . there were only half a dozen clouds lazily floating by . where was the lightning ? newline newline with a loud thump , a book landed beside him . newline newline staring in amazement , pyral could hardly believe his eyes . he began to shake again . not in exhaustion , but in anticipation . savouring the moment , he reached out a hand . newline newline the book was an old friend . a really old friend . newline newline see ?  a different voice said in his head . pawns can become queens .  newline newline                newline newline wow , thanks for reading . that took me a long time to write so any criticism would be appreciated ! newline newline dive into my world at rphoenixwriting newlinea van is driving along the road . it s different from the other ones . this one is nt armoured , is not filled with military personnel , weeding out any surviving carriers of the disease . i was tested a few times  proven each time to have sheltered away for longer than the disease can lay dormant for  declared safe . the van slows as it approaches my stronghold . it is a news van , investigating the area . it was once so highly populated . now , there s just me . newline newline  how did you survive ?  they ask . the latest in a string of unanswerable questions .  how were you able to react so quickly ?   where did you find supplies to survive for over a decade ?   were you always alone ?  newline newline how did i survive ? in truth , i do not know . how did i stand while others fell ? why me ? i suppose it was due to the communicable nature of the disease  i had always been a social recluse . newline newline  how did you avoid the disease ?  they promt , awaiting an response to their unanswered question . my only answer :  i did nt  , as i lunge across the table .queltic history : volume 1 newline newline chapter 1 newline newline the waste of prodigies newline newline it is said that the waste of prodigies was started after the king of ol boasted his powers in a banquet with the king of the lands of scorch . the scorched king , in turn , was infuriated and killed the king of ol , and that was the start of the war . newline newline but the truth is much more complex . in fact , the two kingdoms had long wanted and excuse for war , and the banquet was merely one of many attempts at doing so . ol had long envied the mighty dragons of scorch , while scorch had taken an interest in the lush lands of ol . newline newline the waste was the greatest war that ever happened between the two kingdoms . ten thousand mages had perished in the war , as well as countless civilians . it left both kingdoms in ruins , and it would be centuries before the two would recover from the destruction wrought by the war .i smiled as i felt that the warm sensation that flows through your veins as you level up after a wave a killing , i looked over at steve his clothes covered in blood the same smile on him . he wiped a splash of blood off his fore head and spoke newline newline  good thing we work in a meat works aye steve ? we keep hacking away and we get quicker at it and no one can get better than us from all the experience we get , hey between you and me apart from the whole butchery thing what else are you working on ?  newline newline  ohh nothing much , really , we re set for live with this gig , a few thousand cows or sheep come in now that s how fast we are , plus the boss ca nt fire us since no one can beat us in this gig  i said curtly newline newline  aye steve , you need to lighten up , how many times to i have to tell you come down with me and frank to the pub . pretty easy to score someone as well considering how strong we are  he lifted a cow easily above his head his smug grin turning to a look of horror as he forgot he had all ready taken the bones out newline newline  ohh come on phil , how many times are you gon na forget that when the bones come out the guts are gon na come out when you do that , now we got ta clean the floor again . tell you what you clean the floor and i ll meet you at the pub , got ta help the misses first or she ll kill me for getting pissed instead of fixing the roof . i ll meet you there  i heard him yell  right , see you there you bastard  as i closed the door behind me and hung my gear up .sooooooooooooooo ... newline newline here we are . me , myself , macca and jazza . dragging one of the bods , dead thank fuck , into jazza s backyard . me and macca both reckoned if we got a pair of pliers onto their teeth , crushed it up and put it into the frozen coke machine down at the macca s jazza works at we could spread this virus around again . newline newline to take it back to the start of this zombie outbreak .  about a week ago a tourist , from out somewhere woop woop , flew themselves into the big ol  land of aus and infected a bunch of the locals . next thing you know , some kind of fleshwantingbacteriumthing  wants to jump into us poor fella s brains and make us chew on our mates . fair to say that at first we were nt all for the idea of being eatern by one another . that said , a few beugs and me and the blokes got a talkin  . newline newline we all kinda thought about it and decided we reckoned that we surely had enough people around as it is . a few deaths ca nt hurt that much . and fuck me did we have some bullets that needed to be fired off between us . newline newline so . bloody here we are ... newline newline dragging a body into jazza s backyard . 40 fucking degrees out mind you . and we are dragging the body of a bloody zombie .  lucky for us , jazz had only just been down the bottleo the arvo before and had a full stockade of liquid gold between his fridge and the esky that sat next to his barbie . so we all gets done dragging this fellas body and leave him on the grass , just on the edge of jazzas slab ,  fuck he was drunk when he poured that  and we sit ourselves down by the table and start to sink a few . newline newline  how do you reckon they spread the disease ?  jazz voiced himself .  not one of those airborn  things is it ?  newline newline  nah mate ,  macca swung back .  they bite ya first then you turn . just like the movies i reckon .  newline  so what ? we run around , jaw wide open , and hope he falls teeth first into some unsuspecting victim ?  newline  nah mate .  macca struck with a confident chord .  you work at maccyd s right ?  newline newline  yeah boss .  jazza affirmed . newline  well then , how about we put the teeth in your bloody frozen cock machine or whatever it is .  newline newline christ he always thought he was a bloody comedian . newline newline me , macca , jazz and myself sat around for another halfa or so and put back at least a longy or two each while we muffed over the plans for the zombie outbreak we had . spent as a redback on pay day we were , and we all decided that we need nt worry about no outbreak while we were all still starvin . newline  you fella s keen for a walk into the wog shop ?  jazz always liked his kebab , on a stick , and his drummy . newline newline  nah mate , i m not walkin  ten minutes for a greasy bit of dead fish .  macca , never the athletic type , opposed . newline  got any snags about the joint mate ?  newline newline  knocked em all off last night sorry champ .  jazz said back disappointedly . newline newline  well fuck old mate what do you have lyin  about ?  i questioned the bloke . newline newline  not a whole lot to be honest with you mate .  jazz responded .  how about that there dead fella ?  newline newline me , macca and i looked back over shocked as a ewe to the prod .  geeeeeeeet fucked mate .  i told him . newline newline  nah mate , thats bloody rotten .  macca agreed . newline newline  aww come on fella s  jazza started ,  do nt be shit cunts .  newline newline . newline . newline . newline newline  yeah alright , fire up the burners mate .  newlinei look up and i see smoke . it curls together and it s almost dancing . it spreads on the twilight horizon and creates a different world . valleys of shadows and heavens just within reach sing songs of wind chimes to my ears hungry , thirsty , out of place and so addictive . newline newline i sit and watch the silvery tendrils until i feel fluid and fearless as the path they trace in the air . i breathe in deeply , thinking maybe if i can suck the smoke out of the air then i can suck the magic out of the smoke and i too will be steamy , silky , transcendent . newline newline my body feels less like skeletal limbs and instead it s the billions of atoms that make up the frame . this frame that contains my heart my soul my smoke . i will the atoms to push up onto higher ground and then i m leaning forward until footing is lost and my sanity floats up , up , up to mingle with the steam . as i twist and pull and break and connect i am the noise and the dissonance and the beauty and the regret . i m hurling towards oblivion faster than i ve ever been before only it is nt me , smoke will never hit the floor ! newline newline i open my eyes and stare now at the glowing end of the cancer stick . i bring it to the concrete next to me and all vividity has ceased . my skeleton flees back for the abstract idea of a home i am in front of as i wonder at what price does divinity come ? martin ...  newline newline i heard my wife s quiet voice tremble from behind me . she was always meek , an empty shell that always kept her mouth shut . some men would absolutely crave a woman they could throw around like a rag doll . not me . i liked women who stood up for themselves , women who took charge and knew what they wanted . i made the mistake of knocking up cassandra when we were 18 . our parents thought it would be best if we married . it worked for awhile . i will not say we did nt have nights of passion . i would caress the scar on her soft stomach that grew larger as our daughter grew inside her . the scar was from a small car accident that cassandra had when she was 14 . at least that s what she told me . but when the complicated delivery happened , i knew the real truth . it destroyed her . newline newline i stayed with cassandra after that , but mostly out of pity . i was sad that we lost a child too . but the years went by , and i realized that i could never be happy with her . i left , and i still remember her sorrowful and defeated look as i left our home to move into an apartment . it may have been selfish , but sometimes that s just what you have to be in this life . newline newline  cassandra .  i said as i looked up from my bathroom sink . i saw her reflection in the mirror . she had to have driven three hours to my place . her face was contorted in sadness and rage . she had a revolver hanging loosely in her hand . her mouth trembled . i moved my hand up to the three circular scars on my chest . newline newline they were burning .ringing . newline click . newline  hello ? this is the trainer enquiry hotline . pauline speaking . how can i help ?  newline  hi . uh . do you know how to escape a cave ?  newline  can i just take your name a minute ?  newline  blue .  newline  blue ?  newline  yeah , blue .  newline  like the colour ?  newline  yeah .  newline  ok , hi blue . so you are lost in a cave . what cave are you lost in ?  newline  mount moon .  newline  ok blue . have you set up an escape rope ?  newline  well i have one here . but it does nt have any instructions .  newline  so you have nt already secured it at an exit route ?  newline  no . i kind of just thought i could use it . you know ... get it out my bag and escape .  newline  it s not really how ropes work , honey . have you tried retracing your steps ?  newline  yeah . it s kind of hard . there are a shit ton of zubats . they keep sucking my blood .  newline  do you have any pokmon to defend you , blue ?  newline  no . they all got confused and knocked themselves out . shit . there s another zubat , i think its using supersonic . it s mouth has become enormous .  newline  ok i m going to need you to cover your ears , blue .  newline  what ?  newline  cover your ears .  newline  grandma is that you ?  newline  it s pauline . from trainer enquiries , remember ?  newline  hold on grandma , i m just punching myself in the face .  newline  no , blue , do nt do that .  newline  ow . hold on . ow . i m just going to  ow  go and pick some mulberries . ow . i ll be back in a minute !  newline  hold on blue , stay on the  newline click . newline  2 hours later  newline ringing . newline click . newline  hello , trainer enquiries , pauline speaking .  newline  hi its blue again .  newline  blue ! where have you been ? i ve been phoning you for over an hour !  newline  i know . i m still in the cave .  newline  what have you been doing ?  newline  well i kind of came out of a daze while chewing a stone . then you phoned me . the problem is , my brother red changed my ringtone to the jigglypuff song as a prank . every time i started to wake up , you phoned me again .  newline  oh i see . can you set your phone to vibrate instead ?  newline  i just did .  newline  thanks for that blue . have you tried approaching anybody for help ?  newline  there s one guy here , and i tried , but he s kind of weird . he s got long hair and this really nasty contorted back . he s kind of a creep . he s just breathing heavily over these two giant fossils , but he wo nt help me , or let me pass .  newline  no , i d stay away from him blue . well the good news is that we despatched a crew while you were uh , sleeping . they ll find you and help you .  newline  thanks for that , pauline .  newline  that s quite alright . in the mean time , keep out of the way of zubats !  newline  what did you say grandma ?  newline  just sit tight .  newline  ok ... ow .  newline  the sound of stones being chewed can be heard  newline click .children laugh and scream excitedly as they frolic through the open field . upon their faces are the masks of their grownup selves . they appear to be having fun chasing , pinching , pushing , and taking jabs at one another behind the old brick building . the door to the school opens and closes as another child files out . she has a mask as well , a mask unlike that of the other children . her mask seems strange . the kids take notice of the newcomer and swarm away from her . their words are whispers misconstrued by the distance between them , words taken as malice and spite , though she knows not their true meaning or form . newline newline her heart cries out for attention , she just wants to feel as though she belongs to something greater than herself . she wants to be a part of something more . whether this is because she finds little solace within herself or some innate desire to be accepted is better left unsaid . with wavering conviction , she stalks towards her classmates and removes her mask . she has opened herself up to them only to find that they are moving away . they scatter and hide or trace invisible shapes through the grass with her at the far center . with an arm outstretched , she tries to catch them . newline newline a fluttering flag lies just beyond her reach , a red scrap of cloth dangling from a child s jeans . her fingers wiggle and writhe as she tries to extend her range even a tenth of an inch more . the children come out of hiding and close in on their location as she tuckers out . pink palms rest upon her knees as snot drips from her nose and she breathes heavily . through a curtain of bangs , she can see them gathered before her . they ve enclosed her and started talking amongst themselves in ways that she ca nt comprehend . this discordant noise grows louder and harsher as she begs for it to stop . her hands rise to cover her ears as she collapses on the ground . newline newline the ringing bell sounds clearly from the top of the hill signaling the end of their recess . she remains trembling on the ground with her mask loosely dangling from her neck . it has chipped and fractured under the weight of her shoulder . as the young girl returns to her feet , she finds herself alone . try as she might , she could nt understand their games or their ways of speech , it was all foreign to her . even though she laid herself bare , it made little difference within the crowd . affixing the broken mask back to her face , she retreats slowly back inside . newline newline 288 newline newline  i really liked the idea of using kids on a playground to represent the concept of loneliness , i was also interested in the idea of masks . i m not overly confident that things went as well as they could have , but i m sure i ll have plenty of  should have  s in my brain by tomorrow . mediocre . that s the only word that anyone has ever used to describe me . not good or bad looking , just mediocre . not wealthy or poor , just mediocre . not a genius or an imbecile , just mediocre . newline newline 4,739,111,853 , the number on my econiband , was just a reflection of my mediocrity . newline newline today started out , you guessed it , mediocre . just like every other day of my life i woke up at 7 oclock , let the dog out , took a shower , ate breakfast , brushed my teeth , went to work . newline newline ah yes , work . you see like most people i hated my job but it payed the bills . i was your standard low level paper pusher for a fortune 500 company  which one is nt really important they re all basically the same anyways . i sat at my desk waiting for the hands on the clock to be pointed at five and twelve . my boss was likely going to yell at me for something that i could nt reasonably be held responsible for . those low billion assholes are all the same , get a promotion and a little more money in their pocket and they suddenly become god s green gift to whatever room they walk into . luckily it was friday and i would nt have to deal with that particular brand of bullshit for a whole two days soon . newline newline 4,143,812,573 , my paycheck probably just dropped into my checking account . that s what i thought anyways until i saw it tick down again . newline newline 4,143,812,572 . then again , 4,143,812,571 . and again , 4,143,812,570 . i did nt think much of it at first . sometimes people die and it ticks down a couple numbers and then some people are born and it ticks back up . the number was always in flux , it hardly sat on the same number for more than a few seconds because of it . newline newline 2,612,241,498 . that s when the alarms started going off in my head . this is not normal . i decided i d go to an atm on my lunch to try and figure out what was going on probably just a computer error but i had to be sure . newline newline 2,000,000,543 . i could nt even make it to lunch . i showed my econiband to my boss who laughed a little under his breathe , not quite a snicker but still condescending ,  i know how much you make . that number ca nt be right , you should go get it sorted out .  prick . newline newline 1,207,215,032 . my pace quickened as the number continued to plummet . it just could nt be that low . i did nt want my number to be that low . i liked being mediocre . newline newline 542,004,785 . finally , my bank was in my sights . at this point i was almost sprinting . newline newline 1,000,001 . i was about to tick under a million when i burst through the door . there was a line of about six people ahead of me . good , i had a chance to catch my breathe and compose myself before talking to the teller . i bead of sweat dripped down my cheek and fell squarely onto my econiband . newline newline 19 ... ..  next !  i thrust my wrist under the scanner . john moyenne , 31 , global econ rating 19 , current account balance  28,000,000,000 . newline newline that could nt be right , it just could nt . the teller gave me a look of disbelief that said he thought the same . newline newline  one moment mister moyenne , i think you should be talking to someone ...  he paused for a moment ,  above my pay grade .  i glanced at his wrist and saw that his econiband was hovering in the high six billion range . i felt bad when i blurted out ,  you re probably right .  newline newline the teller stepped away from the counter and was gone for what seemed like an hour but was probably only 10 minutes or so .  would you mind following me mister moyenne ,  said a female voice coming from behind me . i turned around and saw the most beautiful woman i have ever seen standing behind me . she was about six feet tall with black hair in a pixie cut and wore a pencil skirt with a frilled black top that . she had a knowing smile across her face that showed the slightest hint of dimples on her cheeks . her teeth were whiter than fresh snowfall on a mountain top . and her curves , oh the curves on this woman . to say she had an hourglass frame would be an understatement but i ca nt think of a better way to describe them . i hardly even noticed the two gargantuan men in all black suits that flanked her . newline newline i expected her to pull me into a back office but instead she started walking out the front door . i trailed a few paces behind her and the suits a few paces behind me . one of them opened the door to a luxury sedan and she climbed in beckoning me to follow . the door slammed behind me just as i sat down . newline newline i glanced at her wrist for the first time to look at her econiband as i was too distracted by the rest of her before . most econibands were clunky pieces of plastic with an led display that looked like a child s watch . not hers though , it was well designed . sleek and tailored to her wrist . it was made of some kind of black metal with red and gold spirals that almost looked like flames . the most startling thing about it was the number though . an unwavering 666 that was engraved into it . newline newline  do you like it ? i can have one made for you ,  she said eyes looking towards the driver indicating that he should start driving .  it would have your number on it , not mine , of course ,  she added playfully looking at me for the first time since ushering me out of the bank . newline newline  there has to be some sort of mix up . im  newline newline  there is no mix up mr. moyenne ,  she interrupted me ,  you ve been selected for a ... unique opportunity if you will .  newline newline  can you explain to me what in the hell kind of opportunity puts 28 billion dollars into my account ?  newline newline  in due time . would you like a refreshment ?  newline newline  no ,  i responded curtly . newline newline  oh ... are you sure ? it s going to be a long ride .  newline newline  i m positive .  newline newline my mind began racing . what opportunity could put 28 billion fucking dollars into my account . my gaze was fixated on her econiband when the car finally came to a stop . my hand instinctively went to open the door . newline newline  just a moment mr. moyenne , i think we should do a little prefacing before we begin discussing the details of the opportunity you are about to be presented with ,  she said while gently placing her hand on mine to stop me from opening the door ,  have you figured out who i am yet ?  newline newline  i have a guess ,  i said timidly . newline newline  go on then , who do you think i am ?  their was a grin on her face that unsettled me as if she already knew what i was going to say . newline newline  well , based on your econiband i m going to take a stab in the dark and say satan .  newline newline  clever boy !  she exclaimed ,  most people do nt get it that quickly , in fact , about half of them make me do the whole fire and brimstone show for them .  newline newline we sat in silence for a moment  awkwardly , at least it was awkward for me , staring at each other . newline newline  do you want me to do the fire and brimstone ? i can if that s more to your liking .  newline newline  that s okay , i ll take a rain check ,  she giggled a little . newline newline  oh ? what s the matter then , you ve got this look perplexed look on your face and while i am satan , i ca nt read minds .  newline newline  no one s ever called me clever before .  newline newline  today , i think , will be filled with firsts for you mr . moyenne .  this fucking place again .  newline  it s the quietest place for us to meet ... and i like the baked spaghetti here .  newline  yea , yea , it s fucking delicious . now , let s discuss why we re her ...  newline  not yet , sara is nt here .  newline  jesus , tom . that fucking broad ai nt coming . she has nt shown up any of the last few times newline we ve discussed plans . you know that .  newline  she s coming . i have it on good authority .  newline  that s fucking pathetic , man . you re just still in love with that chick . the only good authority  newline you got is playing yourself every night cause you re stuck on this piece .  newline  can i get you two anything to eat ?  newline  yea , i ll have a coffee . decaf , cause i m still trying to get some sleep tonight .  newline  and you , hon  ?  newline  i ll have the baked spaghetti with coke . no ice , please .  newline  i ll be right back with those .  newline  thanks , miss ... and she ll show . like i said , i have it on good authority this time .  newline  oh really , and who fucking told you that ? goddamn santy claus ? cause you ve got a better newline chance of seeing his red suited ass toni ...  newline  am i interrupting anything ?  newline  sara ? you ... i ... you look great . i did nt think you was gon na show up .  newline  well , tom told me you had an interesting proposition about a job . one that ... i believe he said you newline wo nt want to miss out on .   newline  ... like i told you , good authority .  newline  fuck tom , you could have just told me you actually talked to her . i d a fucking put on a blazer .  newline  trust me , terry , it would nt have help your chances .  newline  haha , fuck you too , bitch . now i remember why we disbanded in the first place .  newline  here s your coffee and coke . you want anything doll ?  newline  just a water . lemon . no seeds .  newline  coming out .  newline  well do nt just sit there , tell me about this job you two are setting up .  newline  alright , let me say this . if we can pull this fucking thing off , we wo nt have to ever do newline this shit again .  newline  you have my undivided attention ...  be careful with the winds , dear , they belong to me too.  spoke the elementalist . newline newline john stared at the old man , mouth agape , eyes narrowed . newline newline  what ?  he muttered , slightly taken aback by the sudden appearance of this strange man . newline newline john had been warned about moving to new york .  it s not like england.  his friends would say ,  full of nutcases.  he had thought his friends were just pulling his leg , or jealous , maybe , that he was getting out of the small town he d spent his whole life trying to escape from . newline newline  the winds   the old man s eyes widened and his yellow teeth appeared behind his thin lips  they belong to me.  newline newline another pause . john continued staring at the dishevelled figure that blocked his path . newline newline  do i know you ?  john spluttered . newline newline  you know not my name , for it changes as the seasons.  the man moved slowly towards john . newline newline  surely you have a name ?  john was still puzzled by this entire encounter , but for the life of him could not bring himself to walk away . newline newline  my name , dear , is not important.  newline newline  and can you stop calling me dear , it s making me uncomfortable.   john was far too british for this kind of exchange . he wanted nothing more than to hang his head , apologise and walk away . yet , he stayed . newline newline  do not mock me , mortal . i am the wind in your hair , the warm sun on your face , the sweat on your brow , the sand in your toes . i am everything.  the man s speed increased as his patter crescendoed . newline newline the hair on john s neck rose . he suddenly felt very threatened , but kept his composure as best he could . newline newline  well  erm . well , whwhat do you want from me ?  john stammered . newline newline  i need to be appeased , dear . i need an offering.  the man drew ever closer . it was at this point he was inches away from john . newline newline  an offering ? oh god  the stony defence broke  do nt kill me.. what can i give you ? anything , i ll do anything , just do nt hurt me.  newline newline  anything ?  he lent into john , almost is if he could smell his fear . newline newline  yes , yes . anything , just tell me what.  newline newline  let me.. see your wallet.  newline newline  my wallet ?  john frowned . newline newline  now !  shouted the man . the terror that ran through john could not be hidden . he tore through his pockets searching for his wallet , old receipts and lint decorated the floor around him . newline  here . here  take it.  he threw the wallet into the man s hand . newline newline with a short flourish the man took off down the street . john breathed a sigh of relief . he was safe . safe from whatever creature had just spared his life . he took a moment to appreciate the life he still held . newline newline then it dawned on him . newline newline  shit . i looked around . i was on top of some mountain . the view was magnificent , rendering me speechless . i just wished i knew where i was . newline newline  mr. johnson ,  a female voice said behind me . i turned around , discovering a beautiful woman .  i am athena .  newline newline athena ? was nt that the name of a greek goddess ? newline newline  wwhere am i ?  i stuttered . newline newline  you are on mount olympus ,  she calmly informed me . newline newline  mount olympus ? that mountain in greece ?  newline newline she simply nodded .  we are pleased to let you know that you have been granted a position here at olympians inc. you , in essence , are a god now .  newline newline needless to say , i was very surprised , but one question kept nagging me .  what exactly am i the god of ? you know , zeus is the god of thunder , poseidon is the god of the sea , but what about me ?  newline newline  you are the god of coffee .  newline newline my face went blank . i was nt quite sure i heard her correctly .  ccoffee ?  newline newline she nodded again . newline newline  coffee ,  i repeated . newline newline  yes , you have just joined olympians inc. , and so you are the god of coffee and will generally not receive as much praise as our more senior deities . your duties include sharing your coffee with the other olympians and the whole of mankind .  newline newline i sighed . well , being the god of coffee was better than not being a god at all , i guessed . newline newline  i know it does not seem very appealing , but you must start at the bottom . in time , you may become the god of something else , most likely something more valued , and shall receive more praise for it . i must also tell you that you shall be renamed . from now on , your name is  .  newline newline i nodded . curious , i opened google translate , set it for greek to english , and put in   .  newline newline google translates  reply : trainee .there was zero warning . the world ship just appeared in orbit one day . it popped into existence as if it had always been there , we just were nt seeing it . we had no clue what kind of technology could make that possible . newline newline we analyzed the transmission and the only thing our scientists could seem to agree on was that the information delivery seemed too mechanical to be organically generated . we were talking to a machine . newline newline every nation received the transmission in a perfectly structured rendition of their native language . the signal was precisely the same , it just interpreted differently . it made no sense . newline newline the message itself was clear in its intent . we were no longer in charge of our own destiny . the invaders were to be our new overlords . only with their management would our race survive . newline newline we were not about to accept this , of course . we had formed an international council to determine the best course of action when the second set of transmissions started arriving by the thousands . there was a new addition to the list of players . each transmission varied slightly in its wording , but the message was essentially the same in each case . newline newline our parents were home to break up the party .each day , just before the sun kisses the waves of my home , i go to see her . i cross through the rocky ravines of alshur and over the deep coral reefs of anaitis , just to reach that unknown bay , where there are brown pillars of stone tall enough to block the sun , where water thins and land rises  where i first saw her . newline newline from a young age , we were taught not to travel near the shore . to never ascend above water . we d risk being seen hunted . the high council would warn about the monsters above  how horrible they were . they would forge large wooden ships with iron nets to find our people . the monsters had legs , allowing them to move freely on land . their spears would descend into our waters for us to use against them . my hands blistered each night we were trained to defend ourselves . i was never a hunter . newline newline it was on the 8th moon of acladus when i first saw her . my scales have nt fully grew and my spear s thrust still shook . on that day , i would tell my father that i would hunt on my own . i wanted to hunt on that day , not because i enjoyed it , but because my father did , expectations were high . i traveled far through the sea , far enough where none of my people could realize my lack of skill , for my father s sake and mine . newline newline as i swam aimlessly , i noticed myself reaching the surface . i saw gold through the surface of the water . not the sun s warm gold , but a gleaming gold . my eyes fixed on the gold figure  a girl s hair . i let my spear fall out of grip onto the ocean floor . newline newline i saw her legs , slowly fighting the water , back and fourth . i unwillingly floated towards her , my curiosity had taken over . i could see her clearer now through the ocean s roof . her straight , golden hair fell gracefully over her chest . a deep blue tunic covered her torso and thighs . her eyes fixed the object on her lap . at times , she ran her fingers through her hair when it fell over her deep brown eyes . when she let out a smile , time escaped me . i did not see a monster , i saw innocence . newline newline from that day on , i would lie through my teeth to my father , telling him i would go hunting . instead , i would go to see her . each day i would swim closer and closer , until i could count the little fingers her legs had . newline newline one day , she did nt bring the item . she only sat there , isolated , on that very same rock , swinging her legs through the water . she watched the waves crash against the large stone pillars . her eyes scanned the horizon i call home . it was too late when i realized i was too close . her eyes squinted in my direction as she raised her right leg out of the water and onto the rock . her left quickly followed . she stood up straight , with her eyes locked onto mine . her right hand was balled against her chest , her left hung next to her waist . i floated , frozen , realizing my spear had still been gripped in my hands .he didn  t even see the blue suv until it smashed into the passenger side of his beaten down compact car . the car rolled three times and slid into the ditch . he pulled himself out of the wreckage holding his most likely broken arm tight to his side . his 6yearold daughter screamed from the back of the car , dangling upside down . unharmed , but terrified , she continued to scream until he undid her car seat straps and led her out of the wrecked car . the fear clicked in his head as he realized his wife was not responding to his persistent calls . he rushed to the passenger side where the suv had done the most damage . he dragged his wife  s limp body from the devastation and laid her softly on the wet grass in the ditch . his daughter came to stand by him , scared to be alone . he tried to push her away , but the fear and guilt he felt prevented him from saving his innocent daughter from seeing her mother in agony . that was when his wife  s heart was not beating . he didn  t care that some random person in the world would die  he pulled deep within himself and used his unique power to resurrect his cold , dead wife . his wife  s eyes blinked open and relief washed over him for an instant until he saw the look of confusion and misery on her face . he turned around to the sight of his daughter  s now lifeless body crumpled on the ground . the tears spilled down his cheeks as he clutched his wife to try to escape his escalating horror .tide comes in , then it goes out . crabs scuttle about on rocks near his feet . he stands on a boulder that is strong enough to hold it s own at sea and each day he seeks a meal for the coming supper . the red and white bob lives up to it s name in undulating waters , as the sea swells it struggles to rise itself with no avail for the bait is to great a burden . this small dance of a line pulled with the current is observed by the steely grey eyes of a man who has done this many times . a yellow coat flutters in the wind . the fishermen nurses the line with a stoic nature so focused is he upon the line he fails his footing and slips , as the sea takes him a red and white bob lives up to its name . tide comes in , then it goes out .i m not a writer , and this is my first attempt at a writing prompt . hope you enjoy newline newline when the moon shattered 6 years ago religious fanatics worldwide rejoiced . all of their failed prophecies and broken promises came true overnight , or so they thought . the angels appeared first , greeted by the rapturous cheers of millions . they were here to restore eden . newline newline armageddon ,  the ultimate battle of good and evil  , turned out to be a bloody meat grinder . angels and demons had not fought for thousands of years , and the overconfident heavenly host underestimated satan  s forces . after two convincing defeats the angels brought forth god  s request for the first  offering  . god  s forces were depleted , and the only thing to reinforce the heavenly ranks were the souls of the righteous . countries offered their armies as an alternative , but the angels refused .  angel armies are pure , and you humans are anything but pure . death purifies the soul and makes it worthy to fight alongside us .  angels went to religious leaders around the world with their simple request  sacrifice your followers and be reborn as a soldier of the lord . newline newline millions , willing or not , were sacrificed that first month to reinforce the angel  s army . i watched the scenes on cnn of parents slicing their own children  s throats , mass drownings , and congregations of every religion wiped out by machine gun fire . newline newline satan , not willing to be outnumbered , took a different approach . promises of power , money , sex , and drugs received tepid responses . demon squads resort to scouring cities for souls not worthy of heaven and assassinating any doomed soul they happen upon . after a majority of organized worshipers had been sacrificed the angels resorted to the same tactics . entering the third year of the war over 1.5 billion people have been sacrificed for  the effort  . additionally tens of millions have died of starvation and collateral damage . newline newline funny how things turned out . our heavenly  protectors  went around killing the righteous , and the evil , depraved subjects of hell were killing sinners , degenerates , and the apathetic . i always imagined armageddon being the opposite ... newline newline humans were killed by the millions monthly , and our governments sat on their hands . the american president holds weekly worldwide addresses , but after months of promising peace people stop listening . the killings increase , but every week the president looks at the camera and asks the world to stay calm and give the process time . several of the smaller countries , already ruined by the holy war were further damaged by small civil wars within their borders . newline newline the world had lost faith in america as the world  s peace broker . on august 6th , 2020 , 75 years after america dropped the atomic bomb on hiroshima , a joint military force of chinese and russians shocked the world again . the battle of taiyuan , raging for over 5 months , was brought to a sudden halt when over 125,000 angels and demons were wiped out in an instant by a strategic nuclear strikes . america was furious the peace process was undermined , but most of the world cheered . my wife and i drank and made love all night . it was the first thing we d been hopeful about in over 2 years . newline newline the following week a majority of asian countries , russia , and france declare war on the forces of god and satan . after a month an additional 45 countries are part of the coalition . the united states declares they will remain neutral , but at the battle of samara there are reports of french soldiers shattering the angel  s southern flank using american m1a2 sep tanks and taiwanese using black hawk helicopters against a light angel scouting party . newline newline the war will be over soon . satan  s demonic forces were defeated last year outside the city of volgograd . with hitler and napoleon in hell one would think satan would avoid russia in the winter . just one heavenly army remains , and in the morning it too will be defeated . newline newline i lay awake at night wondering what will happen once the war is over . will there be a heaven and hell when this is over , will god exact vengeance for his lost angels , or if god is even calling the shots any longer ? a month ago we found a mortally wounded angel , nuriel . he was in shock , and he just kept whispering  where did you go , my lord  . my captain joked about  the shit done in god  s name and the guy isn  t even around anymore  . my last thought before i fall asleep is i hope captain  s wrong . i don  t want to hear its god  s will  i want to hear the real reason he has forsaken us .  i clasp the wedding ring hanging on a chain around my neck , and fall into a dreamless sleep .aryton blinked and rubbed his head . newline newline it had been a very high speed crash . he expected the impact to hurt more , but the whole thing just felt quite ... fuzzy . there did nt seem to be any track marshals around , which was odd , aryton looked back towards the corner where he d lost control . nothing there , he pulled himself out of the car and scurried over the crash barrier to safety . newline newline that s funny , he thought as he looked back at the crash , the car does nt seem damaged . that s impossible , surely ! i must have been doing at least 100kph when i hit the wall . newline newline for the first time he noticed the silence . had they stopped the race ? normally you could hear those engines from several miles away . that would explain why there were nt any marshalls too . newline newline  hello ,  said a voice . newline newline ayrton turned around . a man in a white robe stood there . newline newline  who are you ?  newline newline  i am peter , the apostle . i believe you ve read about me ?  newline newline  what ? saint peter ? that s impossible ! how are you here now ? do nt you guard the gates to heaven ?  newline newline  yes  said st. peter . newline newline aryton let this sink in .  surely this is nt heaven .  newline newline st. peter shrugged ,  heaven is what you make of it .  newline newline  but ,  said aryton ,  why should i , a wealthy man ? a selfish man come here ? i lived a life of easy riches , and earthly pleasures . i spent my sundays charging round a racetrack in a car instead of worshipping ! surely my soul ... ? is this some kind of sick joke ? are you trying to make me think i m dead before my time ?  newline newline st. peter looked at aryton with sad eyes .  i m sorry , aryton . this really is heaven . you were rich , but you used your money compassionately . the lives of thousands of young brazilians immeasurably improved . you always had faith . every time you raced , you prayed to our lord for your safety and for the safety of your friends and colleagues , even if you did nt openly say it . he heard , and you have been justly rewarded .  newline newline  but ... i did nt have a chance to say goodbye . i was nt ready . i always knew ... but i never believed it would happen yet . why ? why must it have happened now ? ! what will become of me ? newline newline  i can help you there ,  said st. peter ,  you will be remembered as one of the greatest drivers ever to climb into a car . fangio , lauda , clark , senna : the greatest drivers ever , and you  ayrton  will be remembered as the greatest of them all . the great drivers of the future will revere you . and , thanks to this crash , no driver will ever have a fatal accident in a formula one car again . this is your legacy .  newline newline aryton looked back to his car , whole and in one piece .  you say this is heaven ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  i think i can live with that .  newline newline and he climbed back into his car , the engine roared into life , and then he drove .there are many forms newline newline therefore , the method you choose newline newline depends on your goals . newline newline  newline newline welcome , newcomer newline newline to the art of the haiku newline newline in all its beauty . newline newline  newline newline haiku can be fun newline newline because one must really think newline newline about one s wording . newline newline  newline newline go . begin , like so  newline newline i will demonstrate for you newline newline this is your template : newline newline  newline newline five syllables first newline newline then seven more follow them newline newline with five more behind . newline newline  newline newline often about life newline newline haiku capture earth s beauty newline newline and sometimes , its pain . newline newline  newline newline it can be simple newline newline when first drawing from inkwell newline newline but can be complex . newline newline  newline newline you will never know newline newline if you love them til you try newline newline you very well might .the hiring manager peered over the edge of the clipboard , his tiny eyes dull and suspicious .  you certainly have an exciting work history , mister thee ... theack ...  newline newline  the excruciator ,  i replied ,  two words .  the manager delivered a single , incredulous blink , and i felt the heat rising up the back of my neck .  it s european ,  i offered as way of explanation . the manager nodded , making a noncommittal humming sound , his eyes returning to the resume clutched close to his round , white face . newline newline  well , you certainly have the qualifications necessary for a network security manager ,  he said .  my only concern is personality , whether you d fit with the ... the culture here .  if his small voice had a color , it would be the same lacy grey of the cubicle s carpeted walls .  for example ,  he said ,  we do have a dress code ...  newline newline i could feel his eyes on me . the sigh escaped before i could stop it  my fingers raised to touch my cheek , to trace the dark line curling over my eye , over my scalp . the dragonmark , the dragonmark , stained into the flesh of the chosen warrior by the waters of his birth , the smokewreath dragonmark which shall name and denote the master of newline newline i d tried to grow my hair out , but it just would nt take .  it s a birthmark ,  i said . the manager gave another little noise , mmhm . his eyes were on my shoes , my shirt , the class ring on my little finger , the bulk of my biceps . his body was soft and small and round , a breakable thing . i breathed in through my nose and out through my mouth , deeply and deliberately , like my therapist had shown me .  well ,  he continued ,  we ll have to see what can be done about that . furthermore , there is the matter of this gap in your employment . fourth quarter 2011 to thirdquarter 2012 ?  the cadence of his speech denoted criticism , the slight sick sound of selfsatisfaction .  do you have an explanation for this ?  newline newline deep breath . in through the nose and out through the mouth . cruel kalvann , who had gathered time behind him in a cloud of devastation , standing on the lip of the volcano and laughing his mad laugh , whose hands stirred the stars to catastropic foretelling , whose dreadful mien was evermore loathsome in its blood familiarity with the dragonmarked hero fated to oppose him ...  newline newline  family emergency ,  i said . calvin was a very sick man . he was getting help now . and i was moving on . newline newline  i see ,  said the manager . he laid the clipboard down on his hunched knees , staring me full in the face . for a few seconds at least , before his gaze drifted downward , unable to hold my stare for long .  to be honest ,  he said , addressing my throat ,  your qualifications are impeccable , but i just do nt know if you ll fit into the culture here .  wormlike and jealous , exercising what mean power he had like a rat with a pistol in its teeth .  is there anything you d like to say ... ask ?  newline newline do you yet dream ? which withered god would be small enough to hear your grasping prayers ?   well ,  i said ,  you see , i ve ... always seen a future for myself in an organization like this one . is there anything , any tips you might give me on fitting in ? better ?  newline newline his smile was like a slick of butter sliding down a filthy street .  i do nt think it s something that can be taught , mr. excruciator . it s just something that you are .  he stood , and i stood with him . he held out his hand and i took it , staring down at his bald spot while he limply shook my outstretched hand . i could have crushed his fingerbones into fine powder with but the slightest muscular action . newline newline  we ll get in touch with our decision ,  he oozed ,  have a good day out there .  newline newline i walked out of the cubicle , into the office , past a few dozen identical greywalled workspaces . the elevator doors slid shut with the lazy finality of a sick man gulping down his life s last breaths . newline newline i could nt quite remember where i had parked my griffon .ring , ring and ring . oh snap , i have to answer the call before the fourth rings  this is the rule of service industry . newline newline  hello . i apologize for not answer ...  newline newline  help ! satoshi sent us to the moon ! we re now using the stolen pikachu to send radio waves to the telecommunication ! what should we do now ! ? ! ?  newline newline ah . so it is james  and jessie  . blasted off into the air again by satoshi . a little different from the other time , they re now on the moon .  newline newline  no worries . we will send a flying pokemon to fetch all of you back . you will be dropped off outside the police station where jenny will follow up your case  stealing satoshi s pikachu .  are you completely daft ?  bran asked as he was hurriedly attempting to take care of my girlfriend , elinielle . newline newline  what do you mean ? i  ve been trying to get her to go to the doctor but she just won  t listen . she  s wasting away but she won  t eat . i  ve tried bringing her all kinds of things but nothing seems to interest her.  newline newline  jesus h christ , you really are a dumb bloke , aren  t you ?  newline newline bran and elinielle had been best friends for a number of years . he never seemed to like me but lately his attitude towards me has gotten even worse . newline newline  look , bran , i know you want what is best for her and i  m trying my best to help but i don  t know what you want from me.  newline newline  steve , let me ask you , have you ever noticed her skin , how sometimes it has an almost shine to it while other times she is rather pale and dull ? and how about her hair , ever notice how it goes from a really dull brown , like now , to a really shiny red , like overnight with no trip to the salon ?  newline newline  well , i , i guess i always thought it was either new makeup or she  d colored her hair.  newline newline  sure , steve , that was it . well , how about just after sex , does she ever appear different ?  newline newline  i  m not going to discuss this with you.  newline newline  think about it steve , has she ever appeared to look different just after you guys have hooked up ?  newline newline  well , yeah , there  s the fresh fucked look but that  s completely normal.  newline newline  no , steve , that isn  t completely normal . your girlfriend here is a fecking succubus . she  s a succubus steve and she  s recently decided to stop feeding because she wants to live happily ever after with you . bloody hell.  newline newlinei was a pacifist . i never let myself get angry . newline newline then he spoke to me . he was just this one person , but fucking hell he could make me mad . newline newline the talk he talked was agonizingly infuriating . it was lies . and he was nt just lying to me  he was lying to the entire country !  we will fix this war ! we will gain control over the situation ! we will fight back !  were common phrases of his . he would say this as he would be fixing deals with the monsters , the enemy ! newline newline i got fed up . newline newline the only way to beat him ? war . why do you do this ? newline newline you know i fucking hate it ! newline newline please do nt make me go !  newline newline  you re going , dammit ! newline newline you said you would go last night . newline newline you fucking promised !  newline newline  i was drunk last night ! newline newline you pull this shit all the time ! newline newline drunk talk does nt count !  newline newline  are you serious ? newline newline you re always drunk , you asshole ! newline newline that s not an excuse !  newline newline  i hate your parents ! newline newline they probably hate me too ! newline newline is that an excuse ?  newline newline  you fucking owe me ! newline newline after all the shit you ve pulled ! newline newline after my birthday !  newline newline  fine . i ll fucking go . newline newline i ll wear my nice shirt and tie . newline newline and i ll bite my tongue .  newline newline david had resigned newline newline he d do this one last favor .  newline newline he did owe her that .  newline newline  based on a real argumentbreak up  newline newline newlineone of the main traits that sets homo sapiens apart from its primate relatives is a significantly longer lifespan . it bears consequence on many crucial phases of development in humans , including a longer gestation , an extended period of offspring dependence on parents and a relatively late occurrence of sexual maturity . our programme today examines and explains a crucial episode of humans  transition into adulthood , scientifically referred to as  peer group and mate selection  , but commonly known as  highschool  . newline newline newline adolescent humans are typically pack animals . though they still rely on the elders of the group to provide them with shelter , food and protection , they prefer the company of peers of similar ages and , often , of the same gender . observe the young males . upon entering the courtyard of the educational compound , they greet one another with exclamations which vary in eagerness , to reflect the current social hierarchy . the grooming and socializing rituals commence , as the males regale one another with their most recent exploits in the worlds of physical and electronic sports . newline newline notice the most recent arrival . his participation in the exchange remains perfunctory , as his attention is primarily concentrated on a nearby group of adolescent females . following his unwavering gaze , we may deduce which of the potential mates has captivated him . perhaps sensing that she is being watched , she surveys her environment and catches him in the act . the male tentatively lifts a hand , open palm facing away from him , as a form of salute . she responds in kind , then returns to the grooming rituals of her own group . newline newline encouraged by this exchange , the male feels prepared for the final attack . with the help of a crude technological implement , an almost defunct macintosh portable telephone , he relays a short message to the female . the message combines two of the most popular forms of writing devised by humans : phonetic and hieroglyphic . the text reads ,  wan na go out sat . ?  and is followed by conventional graphical representations of cinematography and nourishment . newline newline a brief , shrill sound alerts the female to the receiving of the message . she is on the verge of reading it when the leader of the female pack brusquely acquires the telephone and very loudly declares the content of the communication to the adolescents currently present , who react with amusement . painfully aware of the development , the male places both palms over his face , in a futile attempt to isolate himself from the situation . newline newline it will be another hour until the male receives a reply . though females are typically assumed to be more expansive in their verbal and written output , this particular individual has opted for conciseness . in her message , the letter  k  precedes a schematic representation of a smiling human face . the male  s attempt has been successful , for the moment . join us next week for the conclusion of this fascinating ritual .being a shop owner is not easy . especially around these parts .  why did i do it ?  mumbled greg .  why did i open this shop ?  it was ten years ago now , but every day made him wonder . newline carrelhold was a weird town , right between the bluest of seas and blackest of mountains . surrounded by danger but provided with a direct connection to the capital . it was why greg chose this place : thousands of adventurers came and went , each with loot more precious than the last . at least in the beginning . newline newline it did nt take long for the first wave of heroes to eradicate the necromancer that infested the mountains . they brought peace and happiness . for two days . then they went and never came back and carrelhold declined . now a new kind monsters infested the woods but few adventurers ever came , and the loot they brought back was ... newline  so ? how much ?  asked the man . he had grey hair and a scar across his face . newline greg looked at the snarling head on the counter  i m sorry , i do nt ...  the man made a gesture , a faint yellow glow around his hand . suddenly greg thought of john : he despised these creatures , maybe he would buy it . newline  five gold pieces  offered greg , reluctantly . newline  twenty  replied the man , the hand glowing more intensely . greg could nt think of a response , his head was swimming in visions of grandeur , how much money he would make selling the head ! he could only nod , saliva slowly drooping at the corner of his mouth . the man grabbed the coins and and went out . newline newline greg shook his head , the monster grinning back at him you fell for it ! again !  . these new bounty hunters had no shame , no honor . newline in an instant he remembered why he d done it : he opened for peace , to help the heroes save him and everyone else . he remembered how the necromancer ravaged the land , how close he came to death that night . he also remembered that , despite all of that , the city was more alive than ever . newline newline with sadness in his eyes he closed the shop and went in the back . he did nt trade monster parts but he did have a skull in the back , a very peculiar one . newline newline  been lurking here for a couple of weeks , thought i d give it a shot ! written in an hour on my way to work . also english is not my mother tongue . be harsh , i want to learn there is a planet you must never go , though the solar wind may take you there . should you approach its belabored yellow sun , bleaching white with age , give it a wide berth  should its terrible neighbour , the great gas giant with the red and smoky eye , loom before you , turn back at once , for past that point is danger and reckless doom . newline newline that is the planet of the pinkskins , and all beyond it is the grey dust of ashen worlds . newline newline the pinkskins are not like you and i . they are many in number , bipedal in form , silvertongued and large in stature . no description describes them : no colourful epithet quaintly and succinctly defines them . they swarm , though they possess no hive  their rank is volatile and seemingly wanton , for tomorrow hunters may be leaders and leaders foragers among the dirt . newline newline no , they are not like you and i , we beloved soldiers of the queen . equipped without chitin , they hurtle into bitter sleet . in the sweltering pits of desert heat , you will find them gladly mining cold instead of trenches . no sweet nectar buds from their tasteless sap  no honeycomb of golden triangles meshes their lives and encircles their borders . their queens labour with drones and defend in line with soldiers  multiple queens abound , and push hatched pinkskins through their wombs in lieu of laying eggs . newline newline but , though they scatter and disperse , their march is inexorable . they will face sandstorms with nought but hammer and chisel , swearing to carve sculptures from airborne stone . in the face of legion , the frenzied pinkskin laughs and claws with bare hands . they do not hibernate  they will forgo rest if needed . and when fire blazes upon their huts and burns their fruits and fields , pray the fire escapes unscathed . newline newline pinkskins have killed . pinkskins will kill . of the umpteen millions of species that crawl upon their planet s crust , the pinkskins have extinguished hundreds of thousands . one day they will spread , cancerous and virulent , into every planet past their sun . when that day comes , do not try a pinkskin s patience . newline newline if you encounter a pinkskin , red with rage and mottled anger , run . newline newline if you encounter a pinkskin at all , scuttle to the nearest crater and crouch . newline newline do not make contact . newline newline do not embark on extermination . newline newline never push a pinkskin to thin ice .newline  relver  where are    shit ! lenny shouted ,  it s fucking static !  newline newline  leave it , let s just see where we are  clifford grumbled . lenny angrily thrust the radio into his arm slot then walked off . clifford followed him gingerly . they walked briskly as the dried blood on clifford s head shone under the sun . they had crashed , but this place was different . as the altitude of the rocket fell rapidly they slowed near the end , gravity was low here . the rocket was in ruins , the jets and systems had failed suddenly and they had wandered into this planet .  shit ! we can actually breath here !  lenny shouted in amazement . clifford stared at his white astronauts suit . the transparent ball on his head was torn and shredded , so were the rest of his space clothing . he tore it off then breathed in air that heightened his senses . it tasted beautiful . clifford inspected his new surroundings then came to the realization things were very different . trees soared passed clouds , they went so high and were so dense it was unbelievable . the wreck of the small spacecraft looked very much like a blemish on such a beautiful land like this . newline newline after treading for close to what felt an hour , and it was a beautiful trip indeed , lenny let out a piercing screech which broke the air of serenity . clifford ran towards him , and his mind became a flourish of astonishment . clifford was scared of heights and he was dazed . lenny simply stared at the scene before them . newline newline under a large stone plaque that lenny lifted , was a whole world of spacecrafts and machinery . other world machinery . there were lights and spiralling iron everywhere . floating ships and airborne homes . needless to say , they were all up to start a new life with an intergalactic species , and they did just that . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinedamn . she s hot .  newline newline scanning potential mate . scanning ...  newline newline oh shit . she s looking over here . she s totally scanning me .  newline newline please wait . scanning potential mate .  newline newline she s drinking straight whiskey . how cool is that .  newline newline please wait . scanning potential mate .  newline newline  bartender ? can i get a whi  newline newline scan complete . compatibility estimation : 26.39  . recommended action : do not engage .  newline newline  uh , just.. just a beer , thanks .  newline newline yeah , who the fuck does she think she is , drinking straight whiskey ? probably an alcoholic . i do nt need that shit .  newline newline this bartender s kinda cute .  newline newline scanning potential mate .  newline newline i should ve ordered a cooler drink . just a beer ? idiot .  newline newline scanning ...  newline newline she probably thinks i m some pathetic loser who only comes in here to scan people .  newline newline  there you go .  8.50 .  newline newline  thank yoouu , and you can keep the change .  newline newline what the fuck . did i just double gun her as i gave her a dollarfifty tip ? you fucking dumb ass !  newline newline please wait . scanning potential mate .  newline newline  oh , and and also here s more ... that was just  newline newline scan complete . compatibility estimation : 12.84  . recommended action : do not engage .  newline newline   that was ... that should be a one , not a five , actually ... .  newline newline tipping is a stupid institution anyway . i do nt get tipped at my job . why should it be my responsibility to newline newline  hi .  newline newline oh shit . did she say that to me ? she s a fucking babe .  newline newline scanning potential mate .  newline newline  oh , hi , hello , i , uh  newline newline scan faster , you piece of shit !  newline newline please wait . scanning potential mate .  newline newline  i , uh , are , do you  newline newline oh , shit , she s got a great smile . i bet she gives fantastic head .  newline newline please wait . scanning potential mate .  newline newline  actually , i just wanted to ask you ...  newline newline oh , yes ! this is it ! she scanned me first and we ve got high numbers ! i knew it would happen eventually . she s the perfect girl for me .  newline newline  you can ask me anything , babydoll .  newline newline please wait . scanning potential mate .  newline newline  can you move ? i m trying to get to the bar .  newline newline scan complete . compatibility estimation : 06.76  . recommended action : do not engage .  newline newline fucking bitch . i had always thought i wanted to die on the dock . it was my favorite part of the lake , surely my favorite part of the old brown house . but sitting there , listening to the waves creep up the rocky shore ten feet or so behind me , the occasional cicada singing its croaky tune , i realized yet again just how little i knew myself . newline newline i lifted my hand from the decaying wood it had been gripping so agitatedly to glance at my watch . it was a terrible watch . the strap had been a sleek black leather sight once , but now it was decorated with wrinkles and cracks faded from the sun . the glass was cracked even before it had been given to me , and it ticked so very loudly that my mother told me on the second day i possessed it that i was not allowed to wear it at the dinner table . she was terribly intolerant of most things , though , so i guess that doesn  t say much . newline newline the ugly old watch read exactly one o  clock . i hadn  t expected to feel much of anything , but the nerves started then . they probably would have started sooner , thinking about it now , but i hadn  t even looked at the time since the sun had set , figuring it was for the best not to know . but seeing that hand strike 1:00 am sent a cold pulse through my body that began a set of violent vibrations through my very core and , to my surprise , i reacted immediately . i had two minutes . newline newline i pushed off of the spongey , green planks without regard for splinters or spiders and took off for the house in a run . i tripped halfway up the old stone steps built into the sloping earth and when i reached the top landing , i tore the screen door open and let its feeble little knob smash into the side of the house . my bare feet did not mind the cold tile of the kitchen floor and when i reached the stairs , they seemed not to mind the slapping of my bare feet against them as i ascended to the second floor . at the top of the stairs , my hand found the glass doorknob to my right with no fumbling , and i pushed the door open to see a place i had long thought i hated . tonight , it welcomed me with a beautiful slice of moonlight against shadows , highlighting a pair of navy socks on the floor and the faded patchwork quilt on my bed . i inhaled deeply , attempting to slow my hammering heart , and sat on the side of the bed . i pulled my socks on before crawling under the covers . my face found the part of the pillow that smelled the most like home , and i kicked my socks off under the sheets for one last time . i closed my eyes , breathed in , and willed myself to sleep . newline newline my watch ticked on . newline newline desperate for one final moment of peace , i held my eyes shut . i tried not to count the ticks . it must have been a minute by now , almost two . i breathed in again , paid attention to what it felt like for my lungs to inflate , for my chest to rise . and then i exhaled . the ticking continued . my hand was close to my face , that  s just how i always slept . i had to look . newline newline 1:04 am newline newline i felt my heartbeat quicken again . i inhaled deeply and closed my eyes tightly , with much force , and exhaled slowly . i opened them again . newline newline 1:04 am newline newline the time had passed . i inhaled sharply . i could still breathe . i looked across my room at my closet . i could still look . newline newline  this is impossible ,  i whispered aloud . i moved my right foot under the covers and felt an abandoned sock . i could still move . i could still feel . i pulled my left hand from under the pillow and brought it to my right . my fingers pushed the watchband down my arm , and i looked at my wrist . it looked the same . in pale , raised skin , the first line read my name ,  edwin leto  . just beneath it read the time i was born ,  1242016 11:31 pm  . and then , directly below that , most importantly , was  8162036 1:02 am  . newline newline  time of death.  a raspy voice in accented english shook me from my thoughts . it had come from behind the doorframe , in the hallway , and it belonged to a man i did not know . i laid there in shock for a moment , sweating suddenly , gripping the sheets , unable to even breathe , paralyzed by fear . newline newline  who are you ? !  i managed to gasp finally . i was trying for a yell but achieved only a strained whisper . my throat felt as if it were collapsing from the panic swallowing my body . what was happening ? newline newline i heard movement , the step of a boot on the wood floor , and the man  s shadow appeared in my closet as he moved forward from the darkness of the hallway . he entered the room and i looked up at him from the sad safety of my quilt . his black hair was long and unkempt , his pale face was made darker with stubble and beard , and light eyes stared down at me from shadows cast by his massive , raised brows . newline newline  i  m montague ,  the man said in a voice that sounded as though it would rather be speaking much , much louder .  i think the question you should be asking , though , is who are you ?  newline newline  who am i ?  i asked , still clutching my covers . i couldn  t keep myself from staring at his large , leather boots , laces awry , caked with mud . it hadn  t rained in weeks .  i  mi  m edwin leto.  though i tried , i failed to keep my voice from shaking . this has to be some sort of dream . newline newline  no , mate ,  the man said more loudly , stepping into the moonlight .  if you were edwin leto , we wouldn  t be talkin  right about now.  my chest felt as though it were about to implode . i could say nothing . i could do nothing . the man stepped forward again and got down on one knee by my bedside . newline newline  you  re no edwin leto ,  he was whispering again , his face now just inches from mine .  you  re mr. archelaus cain , and you  re coming with me.  newlinethe woman was rocking back and forth , back and forth , trying to keep herself warm in the chilly winter evening . newline newline the crowd of passerbyes , young and middle aged people leaving work , hurrying home , huddled up in front of the cold , was passing by , unseeing , no one stopping to throw her a cent . newline newline almost an hour passed until the flux of people slowed down and night really settled over town . the poor woman sighed . if it was summer ... no one heard her and if anyone did , they did nt care . beggars and poor people were a dime a dozen . if one died , there d be three taking his place . newline newline she quietly gathered her things . a styrofoam cup , a piece of cardboard and two blankets . newline newline as she was heading down the street , towards the homeless shelter on the other side of the town , she caught a white shadow with the corner of her eye . when she turned to check she saw that , indeed , something was moving . and mewing . it was a kitten , hidden behind a dumpster , shivering in the cold . she could nt leave it there . newline newline  hey kitty . who s a nice kitty ?  newline newline she crouched down a little , a hand stretched , waiting patiently for the little cat to come . her voice was muffled by the thick scarf she was wearing , covering her jaw and the tip of her nose . on the head she was wearing a big brown hat pulled over her forehead , and another scarf over it . newline newline the kitten stepped forward , hesitantly . newline newline  come here ... yes ... yes ... nice kitty .  newline newline it had maybe just half a meter before reaching the lady when it s body tensed and it ran away , scared , to hid under the dumpster . newline newline  hey , lady !  newline newline a man s voice made itself heard from behind . she turned and saw a young man , maybe in his mid 20 s advancing towards her . newline newline he had a knife and stank of alcohol , but despite that his voice was firm and his step sure . newline newline she was unfazed . newline newline  would you really rob an old woman , young man ?  newline newline  rob , and more ,  he responded licking his lips . newline newline hearing that , she raised her hand to uncover her face . the man dropped the knife , gasping . a look of pure terror crossed his face before he ran away , screaming . newline newline    newline newline 035the man smelt different today , and his body movements were changed too . he did nt walk to same , his feet dragged . newline newline he made the sound that meant there was food , or petting , i knew i should go to him . i slowly got up , my front paw slipped , it always did . i stumbled over , slowly ... as i walked i could smell it , the guilt washed over me . i pooped inside , fuck ! i could nt help it , it just came out . why did i keep doing this ? i knew it was wrong , it always makes the man angry . newline newline i stopped , waiting for a spray bottle and the angry sounds . newline newline the man used his happy voice . was it ok ? did he not smell it ? i followed him over to the car , hoping not to get scolded . i could nt jump in , i wanted to , i tried but i could nt suddenly the man lifted me up . i was inside the car , i wondered where we were going . newline newline we arrived at the place with lots of animal smells , there was another man who smelt like lots of dogs . there were so many smells in there . i was lifted onto a table . newline newline i could nt see well , but i could smell the other man , the dog man . he made happy sounds , smoothing sounds and stroked my back , it felt nice . newline newline the other man was crying , the man from my pack . why was he crying ? was the pack under attack ? i have to help , the man might need me . i ca nt move , i ca nt ... its going black , i ca nt hear , its ok though , i feel better . the pain is gone , i hope the man is ok. all i can do now is sleep .i open my eyes and everything quickly comes back to me . i recall what i had done last night , and i reach out to deal with my alarm clock , but it is just out of reach . i curse under my breath and step out of bed to silence the blaring alarm clock . such a devious yet effective ploy to force my hand . newline newline resigning to facing the bright rays of the sun outside i pull open the blinds , squinting as if i am in a western movie about to shoot the bad guy . or am i the bad guy ? newline newline i shake my head and move to the toilet , a white chamber where light seems to bounce off every surface relentlessly while i deal with some unfinished business from the night before . i pick up my phone to catch up on the latest who s done what and where of the day , but the clock indicates i am running late so i rush through the shower , followed by using the minty blue to make my breath more presentable . such is the world we live in , and i have to stay on top . newline newline i say a little prayer and don my clothes . one arm shoots through the sleeve followed by the other , then the head . one leg kicks its way down through the pants followed by the other . such is my stamina , and i do nothing half way . newline newline i head out , grabbing my sandwich and kissing her goodbye before stepping out the door into the open air . world , you had better be ready for me , because i am ready to make things happen , whether you desire it or not . and we re just supposed to believe that you re god ?  newline newline the figure froze .  wha  newline newline  well , i mean , we need evidence , right ?  newline newline god glanced downwards , then furrowed his brows .  well , i m hoverin  newline newline  and that could be some new technology , or an optical illusion , right ? we ca nt just abandon the scientific method , after all .  newline newline lightning flashed , and thunder rumbled ominously in the distance .  stop interrupting me !  he boomed .  anyone who takes this ... pill  will be barred from heaven , should they ever commit suicide !  newline newline the researcher adjusted his glasses , and brushed off his coat .  well , assuming you actually are god  the pill only stops aging . it s still possible to die from other causes , right ? so  newline newline god gritted his teeth .  very well . no human shall ever be admitted into heaven again .  newline newline  then there s really no reason for anyone not to take the pill , is there ?  newline newline  silence , before i make my decision final . your kind might never walk the halls of heaven again , or hear the blessed harp  newline newline  we ve got plenty of things to do on earth , you know . we ve actually invented some pretty cool stuff since the last time you visited . the internet , television , improved standards of living and medical care  i mean , life on earth isnt  newline newline  as if your large nets could compare to the glory of heaven . there is no need for fish when one can feast upon manna for  newline newline  no , not a net . the internet . a network that spans the world and allows near instantaneous communication , collaboration , or information retrieval . people have almost the sum of human knowledge available at any given time  . he took a sip from his coffee mug , and cleared his throat .  although , i ll admit a lot of people just use it to browse reddit and look at cat pictures .  newline newline  ... why would one need portraits of felines ?  newline newline  they re ... uh , well , it s easier to show you .  newline newline   newline newline  ahahah . the feline requires a dairy , beef , and bread food product .  newline newline  yeah , and check this out .  newline newline  your internet is quite amusing . what else does earth now have to offer ?  newline newline  well , there are a bunch of movies you might like ?  newline newline  i may need to extend my stay here .  newline newline  not going back to heaven ?  newline newline  we can make a new one . with blackjack and hookers .  newline newline   newline newline questions ? criticisms ? want to see more ? check out more of my stuff at rdraxagon newlinehe took a slow , calm drag of his cigarette while looking at his artwork . the precious strokes of his piercing metal brush were reflected by the splashes of his chosen color of red . these streaks of red against the eggwhite wall were , in his opinion , an expression of triumph in the normal affairs of life . newline newline  how beautiful .  he said admiringly while lowering the forearmlength , tempered steel brush . he could feel the adrenaline coursing through his body . it made him visualize clearer and he could see the message in his work . he smiled to himself , took another drag of his cigarette , and flicked the ash on the floor before leaving .  my signature . they ll know who it was .  he thought as he walked down the sidewalk in the rain . newline newline the misty rain had sprinkled him , the streets , and its inhabitants with a thin layer of sleek shine . he was another small fire in the damp and dark , smoke serving as the indication of life behind the orange glow . he cherished his artwork even more and relished in the calm of his body postadrenaline . he wondered why working with his tools and paints made him have such a response . newline newline  maybe just the excitement and expression ...  he muttered to himself while observing his path ahead . he was saddened by the lack of faces on these beings like him . maybe if they were aware of this error they would be more open to his artwork ? newline newline he reached his destination and walked into his home . he laid his brush against the bookcase by the stairs and lightly pressed his head against the mahogany to relish in the hard work it took to finally enjoy it . he turned on the coffee maker and set his cigarette aside . but an unfamiliar noise startled him  his doorbell rang . newline newline  a ... a customer ?  he asked as he walked past the beautiful bookcase and picking up his brush . he slowly opened the creaking door : newline newline  hello , is this the residence of an edward porlin ?  the figure in dark blue clothing had asked . newline  yes .  edward had answered curtly . newline newline  sir , we re going to have to come inside and take a look around .  his heart began to beat like a drum of war . the faceless man pushed his way in , and upon seeing the brush , drew a glock 13 . newline newline  mr. porlin ! drop the weapon !  newline edward looked down at his gleaming metal brush in confusion . newline  mr. porlin ! you are under arrest for the suspected murd  but the man stopped short . edward picked up the brush and charged with a ferocity in his heart and a burning fire in his lungs . newline newline he thought he heard the echoes of a hammer in a chamber , followed by a loud 3 pops . he felt his chest warm immediately and looked down at himself .  i do nt remember being on the floor .  he thought to himself . his glazed eyes looked around for a sign of what was happening . he heard the man say into a radio :  suspect is down , he let me in his house and rushed me ...  he did nt want to listen anymore . he only wanted to enjoy the art he had envisioned in his mind . newline newline he could feel the ebbing of his lifepaint oozing from his body . he shifted his eyes and saw that tempered steel brush  the machete he had found a few years before . he languished in the though of himself becoming his final piece of art .  my masterpiece is the death of me ...  he smiled . with his last breath he wheezed ,  the irony  . here s the thing my boy is challenged ,  i stare out the window at the blue day . i know this man is going to pay me so i attend to play around a bit smell the clouds find the clown face round the spaces of sky them oh look , i see it it looks like ronald mcdonald . newline newline  challanged ?  i say now paying full attention . what am i setting myself up to who is this kid exactly . what am i in for ? newline newline  i.c , imagination challenged got it , this is why your here , i m giving you money to watch my kid play with him pretend to be his imaginary friend you a actor you can drizzle just a bit of play into him , i m counting on you to make it happen . newline newline  got it boss .  i replied staring at his unusual nose and then the back of the hallway .  newline newline  hes right inside his bedroom right there just go in as soon as you came out with fun unlocked in boys hands , i will give you the money .  newline newline i opened the boys wooden door slowly it creaked and i backed away but then slid the unusual door open . newline newline the room was grey and tidy with no child art on the walls it was just empty and wrong all i could think was to say get out , get out . but i could nt run i had to stay in order to pocket the cash . newline newline he sat there with desperately needing someone to make his day he was small and crumpled like a paper ball on the ground . newline newline i reached out my hand and grabbed the sun .  hello , im walrus poppybelle , nice to meet you and what s your name ?  newline newline  one , my name is one .  newline newline newlineour 4 heroes trekked through the froze moutains of magthzyr . the faster route to the red demons castle . their journey was riddled with demons and artic wolves . a great beast revealed himself to them in a cloud a flames . newline newline  behold i am zory maxim dragon king of these montain .  he shouted creation an avalanche . sealing of their exit . newline newline  i m sorry misters zory maxim i m pretty sure your not a dragon .  the wizard in the group interjected . newline newline newline  oh my good alamanc the grey shut the fuck up the word dragon in his title .  said the groups very annoyed leader newline newline zory raise an i scale cladded eyebrow . newline newline  the gentleman with the large uhh i believe that is a halberd is correct dragon is in my title .  newline newline the healer a woman that looked to be someone you would hand gold coins to so she does nt breathe her earth breath on you spoke . newline newline  maybe he is a wyvern you know like a selfhating type . that has nt come to terms with it .  newline newline newline  if you do nt shut your eryka bahdu headwrap having ass up dragon is in his title .  the lead shouted . newline newline  king zory we might be a minute  the group leader  he sighed to zory who gave him a thumbs up and waited patiently . newline newline the teams tank a large animal fur covered man with a 12 foot axe to compliment his giant size spoke . newline newline  he is a genetically altered lizard  he said pleased with his contribution to the conversation . newline newline  yes yes olaf in a magical world with magic , dragons and shit you pick science ! ! ! if we had science we would nt be walking fucking 200 miles of demon infested snow mountains to a damn demon king s castle . you know how i would get their ? ?  the team leader shouted . newline newline newline  ohh do tell us  king zory chuckled under his breath . newline newline  i would have flown their in a got damn airship and not walk . probably would have crashed into the place killed everybody . been done with it , but i did nt i m here in these cold ass mountain with the most dysfunctional group of heroes on the planet ! ! ! newline newline olaf by this time was sobbing the rest were still going back on whether or not their opponent was a dragon or some other lizard type of creature . newline newline newline  look guys i have king shit to do soo i m going to fly off and let you hash this out . also i am a dragon , but your not listening . he shook his head and flew off leaving them in the cold moutain air arguing newline newline newline newlineit had been a grand battle between wora lord of shadows , and the hero raf with lux stone . a conflict that span dozens of realms and millennia in the blink of an eye . wora an evil without shape or form finally sealed away by raf s lux stone . newline newline in his abyss he could hear the changing of the world . minor changes to man s society but still they shackled themselves to unfit rulers . worst of all the hero raf had been crowned king and even thousands of years later his line rules . newline newline the people forgot about magic and terrors , those who remembered were unworthy sycophants . but in the bleak peasentry wora heard a call . it was a prayer . newline newline the worshipper told him of his troubles . of how the land had bled and was no longer united . of how he had lost his families coin and how all he had was his title and no heir to pass it on to . newline newline after all this time in silence wora could not help but be amused by this prayer . the worshipper continued ,  i am not so foolish as to wish your power let loose upon the world . but my ancestor defeated you once and in so doing brought the world together . show your face again demon i beg of you , so that after such strife man can again know peace .  newline newline from his cage wora roared with laughter . it was the descendant of raf calling him back into this world . suddenly a blast of light bled through the abyss . newline newline after the shine of light months of darkness followed . it was as if wora drifted through some black ocean . suddenly he was back upon the realms of man . what felt like ages passed and his senses were alien to him . newline newline wora was once a creature without form but he could sense his flesh . he realised his will was connected to his body . so one day he willed himself to sight . there it was in its glory , the first thing he saw in a human body . the lux stone hanging above the fireplace . newline newline he made a motion to move towards it and seize the strongest weapon that man had to offer . wora could barely find the strength to lay on his stomach . still he dragged his weak body and lurched forward , hitting the ground once more . newline newline frustration seized him . for the first time in eternity he felt impotent . the tears streaming down his face came as a surprise . from the floor he could make the shape of a woman moving towards him . he cried out a command ,  you there , wench ! it is i , wora , master of mists and the lord of many paths . bring me my prize the lux stone and i shall carve out a chunk of this realm to rule under my name .  newline newline the woman ignored him . even worse she toyed with him . she bent down to his outstretched body and picked him up holding him in the air . another man appeared at the edge of the room . wora recognised his voice as that of the worshipper . the woman looked to him and smiled . newline newline  honey it looks like our little prince is hungry again . he needs to feed so he can be a strong king like you .  newline newline wora looked to see the lux stone in the distance and then suddenly the woman brought him to her chest popping a breast in his mouth . he thought to himself ,  soon i shall walk and claim my prize , today i shall nourish myself and raise my strength .  wora continued to suckle .sharon did nt tell people exactly how far she could go . she liked to bring up the hair at parties . get someone drunk and they were amazing she could make her hair grow and change color . she did nt mention how she could alter the elasticity of her skin , force her bones to retract and expand , get rid of pesky fat cells . newline newline she was like a fucking jellyfish , changing the way she aged . the hair thing was just a perk . newline newline she was sure if people knew , she would be famous . they would want to study her . they would lock her up , just like her mother said . newline newline sharon would nt let that happen . newline newline it would end the game . newline newline it would make her have to live a normal life again . newline newline people would know how old she was . newline newline they would know she was nt really jennifer cooper , 16yearold rich girl . newline newline or that she had never really been kim li . newline newline she had been so many people in her 150 years of existence . she was nt ready to die . i won . i ca nt believe i won !  i scream from my cubicle . newline newline my boss , mr. lewis comes over to see what the commotion is all about . newline newline  daniel , what s all the hub bub ? have you completed the client experience index reports ?  he says . newline newline  no , i did nt complete the ceir , you crusty sack of shit !  i beligerently yell .  take this two bit job , and cram it fatso  newline newline i m not sure why i verbally assault mr. lewis . he had helped me buy an engagement ring for my pregnant fianc . he s done nothing but assist in me both professionally and personally . newline newline  carl . you can lick on these nuts .  newline newline the final nail in the coffin of my career here at global insurance . that was my official resignation . coworkers began approaching me as i threw items off of my desk . i hit stroman , the lovable oaf who buys mocciatos for everyone on pay day straight in the face with a stapler . he required 4 stitches . i did nt care in the least . i had won the god damn lottery . i am now above these people . newline newline storm clouds filled the sky . inside the lottery commissions headquarters a red phone begins to ring . a stocky , middle aged pencil pusher gets up from his desk . he had been playing freecell on his pc . dreaming about the new deep fryer he had purchased on his way to work this morning . totally stoked to try out a new stout beer batter for his fried fish . newline newline  mmmmyello  says the man into the phone receiver . newline newline the mans posture stiffens . newline newline  no friggin  way . i thought this contest way rigged ? there s actually been a winner ?  newline newline he nods his head while holding the receiver to his ear . newline newline  of course i still have the contact information . sir , i thought this was just a training exercise ! you really want me to call in the favor ?  newline newline a solemn look overtakes his face . newline newline  but sir , i m only 2 days away from retirement .  newline newline the stocky man hangs up the phone . pulls a soft pack of marlboro lights from his pocket and lights a cigarette . newline newline  god damn it .  newline newline newline smoking a cigarette and drinking a bottle of miller high life i drive my beat up dodge caravan . i pull into my driveway . flicking the cigarette on the front lawn and throws the bottle onto the street . i open the front door and enters the house . newline newline  honey , you re home early ?  my fianc says with concern in her voice . newline newline  not for long dumb dumb .  newline newline i open the closet and change into an anthrax tshirt i bought in 89 when the band toured the east coast . newline newline  what are you doing ?  newline newline  i won the lotto babe , so keep this dump , i m off to bigger and better . smell ya later .  newline newline i really ca nt explain this behavior . i love my wife . i do nt smoke . the idea of that sweet 5k a week is completely altering my perception . newline newline i moon my wife as i exit the house . cracking another high life i chug the entire bottle and smash it on my front door step . newline newline a dodge challenger is parked across the street . a man with slicked back hair smoking a virginia slim watches me . i see him check a photograph and pull his shades down to get a better look . since i see the whites of his eyes i grab my crotch . newline newline  go on get !  i inexplicably scream . newline newline the man gets out of his vehicle . he s wearing a black tuxedo vest , with no shirt on underneath . his slacks have been cut into shorts . dude is ripped . to the max . no refunds . newline newline  oh is this how we re gon na do it ?  i say pulling my shirt off . my gut makes an audible noise as it s lifted up and slaps against my pelvis . newline newline as i walk towards this mystery man he pulls out a humungous knife . newline newline  woah there boy . i m just foolin  , no need for that type of hardware .  i say desperately . newline newline he begins swinging the knife around like a god damn lunatic . newline newline  listen , i ve got money . a shitload in fact . i ll give you 100 grand to fuck off  newline newline  muchacho . you re money is no good senor . my boss has given me 250 thousand for your life . you will need nearly a year with your winnings to match that s .  newline newline  wait a second . a god damn year ?  newline newline  5 thousand a week is just shy of 300 thousand a year esse  newline newline  what ? ! ? i thought it was millions !  newline newline thinking i had distracted him i went to punch him in the face . as a trained assassin he obviously dodged it and stuck the knife up through my armpit . he searches my pockets and finds the lotto ticket . he also finds a roll of condoms , a couple jolly ranchers and my phone . set to record . newline newline  that s right you sour sack of shit , i recorded the whole god damn thing ,  i say with pride beaming from my voice . newline newline  big deal . i did nt say my name , and i m using a phony accent jabrone  newline newline shit . he s right . i m laying on my front lawn bleeding out with horrible evidence on my soon to be murderer . just then my wife comes outside . the assassin bolts to his car . does a semi killer burnout before peeling away . total pro . newline newline  oh my god , what happened ?  my wife says as she runs over to my bloody mess of a body laying on the ground . newline newline even though i was nasty to her , she still cares . newline newline  babe , i think i quit my job earlier , and that handsome man just took my ticket to paradise .  newline newline she pulls my head into her voluptuous bosom . i awkwardly begin to try and motorboat the boobies but since we re in our driveway at 3pm she lets me drop to the ground . newline newline  once a dog . always a dog  she says . newline newline i make a barking noise then suddenly pass out from the massive amount of blood i ve lost . newline newlineeveryone must have the same first reaction when given the opportunity to change how you look for the rest of eternity . newline newline i thought of all those people i had been jealous of back on earth : the kids who never had acne in high school , the guy down my dorm hall freshman year who girls were magnetically attracted to , the rich consultants and lawyers who went to yale law and looked the part , the dos equislookalike retirees who seemingly stayed in shape without even trying . newline newline the possibilities were endless , and i could pull from my wildest fantasies to make me into what i had always wanted to be . newline newline i started with my hair . no more receding hairline . and that awkward cowlick on the back of my head : gone . my hair is blonder , longer , shinier , less frizzy , exactly what i d always wanted it to be . newline newline next was my nose . shorter and flatter . i had always thought my nose was too big . i hated how it looked from an angle . newline newline i changed everything . i made my ears smaller , my cheekbones higher , teeth whiter , my shoulders broader , my chest more toned , my muscles more defined , my feet less fat . i changed things that people had never noticed . but i had noticed , and now i had the option to forget the way they were and change them into how i always envisioned they should be . newline newline i looked up and saw the avatar i had created . he looked nothing like me . he was taller , had a better body , was sure to get more attention . he would ve been the most popular kid in high school , and would ve had no trouble getting a girlfriend in college . his eyes were bluer and his smile was better . but he was nt me . newline newline i erased my avatar and started over . newline newline i made him look like me . newline newline with the uncertainty the afterlife brings , i had one comfort : i was myself , and could be myself , because i was welcomed into the afterlife , not someone else .santa peered down at the crate s contents again as he continued speaking to the representative .  so you re saying , legally , they re still mine , even though i do nt want them ?  newline newline  yessir ,  the voice responded .  we re afraid that the moment you signed for the package , you took responsibility . however , if you d like , we can track down this satan  to see if he received your package , and you two can swap .  newline newline  well , hold on ,  saint nick interjected .  what if i do nt accept ? i can just keep them ?  newline newline  i suppose so .  newline newline santa glanced over at his toymaking desk , considering the constant work schedule . newline newline  uh , you know what , nevermind . i can take care of them . i just need to name them something whimsical , like elves .   where are you going ? we have to talk about this .  newline newline  talk about this ? talk about what , huh ? how you re fucking your whore in our bed ?  newline newline  hey !  newline newline  babe , cmon . do nt be like that . i did nt mean to   newline newline  did nt mean to what ? bring some slut into our apartment while you thought i d be at work ? did nt mean to get caught ?  newline newline  hey , i did nt know you were his girlfriend ! he said he was single .  newline newline  baby   newline newline  which one of us are you talking to , colin ? god , you re such an asshole .  newline newline  i m the asshole ? me ? what about you , huh ?  newline newline  what ? what about me ?  newline newline  you ... you wo nt even let me touch you anymore ! why the hell do you think i m with sally ?  newline newline  cindy .  newline newline  sorry . cindy . baby , cmon ...  newline newline  i think i should leave .  newline newline  no . no . you stay . you two finish what you were doing . we re done here . the voice was a delightful one with a british accent . alexander s voice stuttered as he tried to explain the situation going on now .  whwho is this ?  he asked the mysterious voice . he knew that the only other phone was several rooms away , and was wondering if it was a joke .  now listen , something has gone very wrong . time is folding into itself . i ca nt really explain it , but you are going to see things about society . things you ca nt imagine and you are going to need help . i will be coming soon to help , but do nt talk to anyone , do nt eat anything , just do nt look for anything . a man should be coming with a bow tie to help . he is an expert on all this wibbly wobbly timey whimey things . cherrio now .  the voice hung up , leaving silence . in the distance , he could hear a noise that he never heard before , and began to regret his invention .the intellectual species of the earth comes to the period where they are at their peak of the sexual hormones . during this time , the art of sex is explored in this phase of their life and it continues for the rest of their life in case of male and upto some extent in females . the male usually approaches the female and after which they interact in a manner which does nt include the sexual aspects . the male selects a person who they think is suitable for their life . he asks the female to consider him for her . but the inexperience is clearly seen from his attitude and it makes it hard for the female to select .looking in the mirror , lee though to himself : i m a really evil person  . he smiled . i might actually be the most evil there is . the smug smirk on his face because even more pronounced . his grin widened . i wonder if i can get even more evil . he stayed for one more minute in front of the mirror , thinking . then , his face suddenly lit up , as if a brilliant idea just crossed his perverted mind . he went to his computer , along the way kicking his malnourished dog in the stomach . at his desk , he typed  demon summoning 101  . for good luck , or bad luck depending on how you put it , he went to the 66th page if the results and clicked on the 6th link . there , his found some instructions . let s see , i need someone human blood to draw a pentagram and i need to recite demonicum invocatio abadonum three times while holding a candle . the site said  use your own blood  . bullshit !  lee cried . he got up , went to the basement and drew some blood from the homeless person he kept chained down there . before leaving , he proceeded to kick his prisoner , for no other reason than the pleasure he felt when he hurt others . he got a candle , drew the pentagram on the middle of the floor and proceeded to do the invocation . a few moments pass and he hears a deep voice . newline newline this is abbadon , demon lord of despair and destruction , who dares summon me ?  newline newline yeah , hi , this is lee . cool , so it worked . well , i m an evil person and i want to be possessed by a demon to become even more evil newline newline silence for a moment . newline newline very well spoke abbadon a bright red flesh engulfed lee for a moment . you are now possessed by me . i shall plant evil thoughts into your mind and you shall obey me ! i see you have a dog . you will not feed your dog daily from now on , it shall only receive food every other day !  newline newline urgh , mkay lee was a bit disappointed . guessing the demon was just warming up he put a coat on and left . newline newline where are we going ?  asked abbadon . do you have evil deeds in mind or are you in need of more suggestions ?  newline newline i m going to the hospital to molest some babies replied lee . got something more evil to do ? i ve been contemplating genocide for a while but it s a bit hard to not get caught newline newline wtf dude ! ?  abbadon was clearly surprised . what do you mean you go to molest babies ? what sort of sick fu  k are you ? !  newline newline yeah , i m a doctor , i work the night shifts and have access to the maternity ward . when they discover abused babies , they always blame the janitors . idiots !  newline newline abbadon was not expecting this . newline newline here s a bank , look , just , just go in and tell them you want to be a banker . i ll do all the talking during the interview and they ll hire you . then , you can embezzle money , abuse the poor and disenfranchised , ruin the economies of third world countries , what s more evil than that ?  newline newline boring said lee . i like my evil hands on . newline newline pondering a bit , abbadon says ok , ok , let s go to omnicorp.inc . i know a few possesed guys there , they ll get you in and they ll put you in charge of their environmental department . you ll get to , hands on , destroy entire chunks of the amazon forest and uproot the livelihoods of countless communities . newline newline tempting . i ll definitely take it into consideration .  newline newline abbadon was quite happy now . newline newline i always need a good baby molestation before making a career change continued lee . as soon as i m done with little timmy , i ll go to the interview newline newline for fu  k sake lee !  newline newline lee was allready at the hospital reception . a rather large woman of african descent was manning the desk . newline newline hey dear !  said lee . getting ready for the night shift ?  newline newline i sure do doctor !  replied the woman at the desk in a very friendly voice . newline newline good , good , i ll be upstairs newline newline as soon as lee passes her , he mutters disgusting fat tub of nigg  r sh  t !  newline newline seriously dude , you re also a racist ?  newline newline told you i m evil lee said smirking . newline newline opening the door to the maternity ward , where all the babies were sleeping soundly , lees face became bright and full with joy , like a little child in front of a cookie jar . newline newline lee , this is just wrong . and i m telling you this as an ancient demon newline newline stop being such a tawt said lee while caressing little timmy , who started at him with big , beautiful blue eyes . newline newline jesus fu  king christ said abbadon . newline newline yes , my son a voice was heard . newline newline what the fu  k was that ? !  said lee , with a clearly frightened tone . newline newline ummm this is awkward said abbadon . newline newline abbadon , are you seriously trying to stop someone from molesting a baby ?  newline newline well , yeah , i kinda am jesus . could use a helping hand if you can spare .  newline newline lee at this point was starting to get stressed . newline newline hey dad !  said jesus . yes , my son ?  replied jesus . can i help a demon stop a child molester ?  newline newline a small silence followed . newline newline sure , why not and , with a loud thundering sound , lee was smitten . only ashes were left from him . newline newline thanks jesus said abbadon . oh , btw , satan just told me to tell you to go f your self . he hates when he gets those sick fu  ks .  newline newline yeah , yeah , any time newline newline and so ends the story of lee , the animal cruelty practicing , homeless person kidnapping , racially discriminating pedo . now , he is in hell , being penetrated by hideous contraptions because even demons find them discusting .we had nurtured humanity . since the first day they climbed down from their branches , we watched them from afar . we secretly gave them the tools and aid they needed to be great  fire for warmth and food  tools to build great machines  shelter from their home planet s harsh nature . newline newline as they grew beyond the atmosphere and into the stars , we watched and followed still . their pace was incredible . they were as magnificent as we had known they would be . but we had not foreseen their hunger . they turned on us , hunting us from the planets we had discovered together , convincing themselves that we had never been wanted , that we had stood immovable in the face of righteous change . we could not resist , of course . and so here we are . driven back to our home . i stand the lone , final guardian . i will not stop loving them . they will never know what we did for them . i will give my last breath for them  i swear it . newline newline ... newline newline there had been resistance , of course . having used and abused them for centuries , some argued they should be left in peace . change is not enough to justify extinction . but no , the march of progress is relentless . mark revved his chainsaw , and it roared as it bit into the flesh of earth s last tree .the man looked around , the helmet that he wore limiting his field of view significantly , and forcing the man to turn his entire body to see . he had landed on the far side of the moon , the side not able to be seen by their telescopes . they had decided to expand outwards in the galaxy , to grow as a civilization both technologically and culturally . naturally , the moon was the first step . newline newline their ship was large , and held over a million people . hopefully enough to establish the first offplanet colony . they had succeeded in testing the colony prototype at the southern tip of the planet , where very few people lived anymore . newline newline the man was breathing deeply . he should nt be seeing what he was seeing , it should nt exist . what s worse , it was nt even aliens . he could have lived with what he was seeing if it was aliens . newline newline the people were starting to stop and stare as well . this was likely unusual for them , up here in their thriving world . newline newline his helmet communicator buzzed to life . newline newline  unidentified male , state your purpose , and colony of origin .  a soothing female voice said to him . newline newline  um , we were sent here to colonize the moon . we re from earth .  he stammered . newline newline  earth ?  she asked . her voice cracking .  that s impossible . no one lives on earth , not after the event .  newline newline  the event ? what event ?  the man asked . dark thoughts started seeping into his mind . thoughts of a destroyed world , of the people on his ship being the last , began to invade his thoughts . newline newline  i do nt remember , it was a long time ago , we do nt cover it very well in history class . something happened about fifteen thousand years ago . it was cataclysmic , completely reverted everything there to the dark ages . i thought that everyone had been picked up and taken away , and that no one lived there any more . newline newline  i do nt know anything about that . i just know that civilization has expanded rapidly in the last five hundred years or so , and that the decision was made to expand and live among the stars . the moon was the first place we picked . but ... you re already here , and this city ...  the man in the space suit trailed off , staring at the city before him . the giant glass dome that covered it was transparent , allowing him to see the towering buildings and beautiful trees and gardens . newline newline  we ve been here for at least eighteen thousand years . we re mostly a production facility , covering most of the side of the moon that s always facing away from the earth . we produce plenty enough food to ship out to the other colonies on mars , pluto , neptune , and several of jupiter s moons . we do nt ship out to the people in other systems though , the produce their own food there for the most part .  newline newline  you re , you re saying that there are more places like this ? more colonies of humans ?  newline newline  of course , were nt you listening ? we ve been here for eighteen thousand years . humans have expanded across the galaxy , we re everywhere .  newline newline  but , how do you have a centralized government ?  the man asked . newline newline  oh please , government was done away with over three thousand years ago , and it was the best thing that ever happened to us .  newline newline  so who enforces laws ? who prevents crime ?  newline newline  there are no laws , there s no need . people here , they get that crime does nt help anything . it just detracts from the society as a whole . plus , most of the crime that existed was as a result of poverty , and once we did away with money and social class , crime was completely a thing of the past .  newline newline  no money ? but , how do people buy things ?  newline newline  they do nt , if you need something , you go to the market and get it . people only get what they need to live off of happily , and they do nt want for anything more . it s a paradise up here . so here s the deal . i ll let you and your people in , if you agree not to mess anything up .  newline newline the man looked back to the ship , at over a million people that he knew to be aboard , and knew that they would never be able to adapt to this society  and he knew that it would be unfair of them to mess it up . these million people could completely mess up a system of what had to be trillions of people that spanned the galaxy . there was only one thing to do , that would ensure that the colonization push was forgotten about forever , and never tried again . at least not until they were ready . newline newline the man got back on the ship , moving quickly back up to the bridge and sitting down behind the controls . he explained the situation to the other five people that he needed to help him control the ship . the agreement was unanimous . newline newline they flew the ship out four hundred miles from the moon , still using its mass to shield them from the earth . the man took a deep breath , knowing that it would be his last . with a single typed command , he detonated the ship , incinerating everything on board instantly , and protecting the way of life for trillions of people .july 28 , 1945 . newline newline  mr. president . the japanese have decided to ignore the potsdam declaration .  newline newline the room immediately broke into cacophony , disciplined generals and advisors breaking their composure to advise the president . newline newline  we need to invade them , that ll show those japs !  newline newline  no , an allied invasion is too risky , you ve seen the japs  crazed loyalty to their homeland  newline newline  well what else is there for us to do ! ? sit back and watch them ! ?  newline newline  no , bu  newline newline   gentlemen ,   newline newline the president s voice silenced all who were present . the few men standing stared awkwardly for a while , before slowly sliding back into their chairs . newline newline  we do have an alternative .  newline newline shock runs through the room . hesitantly , a general speaks up . newline newline  with all due respect , sir , under the quebec agre  newline newline  a month ago the british have consented to the use of the weapon against the japanese . the ball is now in our court . and i say we use it . newline newline newline august 5 , 1945 . newline newline  colonel , you have been ordered to depart for hiroshima , and drop the little boy .  newline newline  the little boys , sir ? but , what about the children s safety ?  newline newline  the safety of jap children is of no concern to us , colonel . do your job . oh , and , we re only dropping one of them , not all of them . do nt wan na waste those suckers .  newline newline the colonel was confused . the little boys were nt japanese , but american . left to his own devices by his commanding officer , he sighed in defeat , hoping that his commanders knew what they were doing . newline newline newline august 6 , 1945 . newline newline at 0245 , the enola gay departed from north field for hiroshima . at 08:15 local time , the little boy was dropped from the plane , screaming and shouting for his life as he fell through the air . newline newline the colonel shook his head , bemoaning the war , as he piloted the enola gay back to home base . newline newline the boy slammed into the ground and was killed instantly . the incident was reported in the local news , and became a major discussion in the city . why would the americans kill one of their own ? was it a threat ? newline newline newline august 7 , 1945 . newline newline the japanese general staff were in chaos . newline newline  emperor , the americans are willing to kill one of their own to show their ruthlessness ! we must surrender at once else they kill every last one of us !  newline newline  emperor , that only shows the barbaric nature of our enemy ! we must strengthen ourselves and purify the world of these monsters !  newline newline the emperor , silent and aloof , stood up and left . newline newline  newline newline i ca nt really think of a compelling way for the fat man to be dropped , nor is my historical knowledge that good , so i ll just leave it off here , sorry . i may or may not continue depending on if i can think of a way to end it .reese looked herself up and down in the mirror before her daily morning jog . it s amazing how fast she s lost weight in the last few months . a few months ago , she was insecure , overweight , and had anxiety issues . now she s just insecure with anxiety issues . steeling herself for another tiring day , she picked up her water bottle and went out to the park for a jog . newline newline reese was nt a very good runner . her posture was bad , she breathed too much , and worst of all , she took frequent breaks . nevertheless , every morning , without fail , she would run the same route . jim used to make fun of her all the time for that . newline newline  why do you even bother , reese ?  , jim would always say as he easily outpaced her . newline newline reese hated it when he said that . she knew she was trying , but it was just too hard for her . she hated that jim was always the better sibling . this was what motivated her every single day . up ahead was a sharp turn , and she ran fullspeed , wanting to prove herself . she was nt worthless . she could nt be . newline newline  come on , sis , you call yourself a sutherland ?  , jim would always sarcastically ask . newline newline the sutherlands had always been the perfect sporty family . mom was a p.e . teacher in an upstate highschool , dad was a coach in the ivy leagues and jim was an upandcoming college basketball superstar . newline newline reese , on the other hand , struggled to climb up three flights of stairs . newline newline reese , on the other hand , chose to become a  starving  artist who still managed to eat well above the recommended amount of calories per day . newline newline she hated being forced to be a sutherland . she hated being the black sheep in the family . and so she started to run . newline newline at first , she did it alone . she did nt want her family to know that she felt insecure about her weight . unfortunately for her , jim saw her heaving in a coffee shop while he was out with friends . from then on , he would always run alongside her every morning , taunting her every step of the way . while she pretended to hate his brother for this , deep down , she was grateful that he cared enough to run with her every single morning . newline newline she stopped short once she came upon a bench facing the main road . she took a seat down . of course , jim was already seated there . newline newline  ha , at the pace you re going , you might actually go backwards  , he teased . newline reese was close to tears at this point . her whole week had been terrible , and just this once , her envy of his brother far outweighed her love for him , and she ran away . she ran and ran , not knowing that a truck was hurtling towards her . she ran not knowing that jim was close behind . newline newline she opened her eyes . she was still on the bench . but this time jim was nt with her . jim died three months ago when he pushed her out of the way of that truck . he did nt even live long enough to feel it . it was reese who got to live with that . newline newline her parents did nt blame her . nobody blamed her except herself . newline newline that s why every morning , she ran . newline newline though she looked alone , she knew that somebody was running with her . newline newline and in the end , that s all the reason she needed . newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinei am alone , but i am happy . newline newline nothing good has ever come from being around people . humans are a sociable creature by nature , luck for me that i am no longer human . i was born of pain and misery , the product of a drunk bastard and his whore of a wife . it sickened me , that a mind such as myself , would have to be the son of such low grade trash . the first time i ever smiled was when they were arrested for child abuse , the fruits of two years worth of planning , and a brief sadochist streak that i quickly grew bored with . after a few crocodile tears in front of a judge , the trash was taken away . newline newline therapy and foster homes were my next obstacles to destroy , more human attempts to socialize me . foster homes were the easiest things to break when you knew , where to apply the pressure . therapists were a more interesting prey , at first it was all about helping me  cope  , with my parent s abuse , if they were half as skills as those meaningless framed parchments claimed , then they would recommend a bullet between my eyes . one therapist , who actually was worth the psychobabble , nearly had my game pegged , but one heartfelt confession about my  abuse  and the look of disbelief sealed her fate . i stopped destroying foster homes when the newest one gave me what i desired , peace . newline newline another reason i left those in my newest foster home alone was that the parents , while they suffered from brady bunch disorder , they had the good sense to enroll me in private school . and private was what i got , beyond a few nosy classmates that needed a  subtle  hint to not bother me . my focus was purely on academia from that moment , onward . books would not dare pry in my business and would not get drunk like trash did . i was asked about what i shall be and i smile . newline newline i am alone , but i am happy ! i do nt get it , why is he asking for all charges to be dropped ? he s dead is nt he ?  newline  do nt ask me boss , i m not crazy enough to understand a nut job like this .  newline  what else was in the letter ?  newline  what am i your mother ? read it yourself .  newline he shoved the letter in my face . newline newline good morning detectives , newline if you re reading this i must ve succeeded . on my computer you will find a copy of the formula of cell0 , along with the results of the 253 studies i have carried out to prove its effectiveness . no doubt you will notice that first 240 studies were not successful , the remaining 13 however were perfect . zero remission , zero growth and zero fucking help from any of you . newline newline i tried for 40 years to use your approved methods  of research , but when  curing  balding gets more funding then curing cancer what would you expect . so yes , i found my own volunteers , they were my partners in progressing the science without pursuing a profit . perhaps you ll want to make me out to be the monster , the mad scientist who butchered the homeless for fame and fortune or perhaps you ll try to erase me from my work so you can take credit and profit off it . newline newline well you can forget about that . i wo nt let my volunteers or myself be used by your system any longer . and yes they were volunteers , all 253 , before now they were worthless to you , you could nt spare a dollar or a moment of kindness . no , but when they become crime scenes then you value them , then you want to help them so desperately . but it s not me that pushed them into the streets , it s not me that destroyed their lives . it s your insane thirst for profit . your insanity that tells you all lives must be profitable and when they re not they become disposable . until of course you can sell their deaths as entertainment between commercials . no . no i wo nt let that happen . newline newline that s why i ve published all their names and pictures in my research , they will be the hero s of this story and you will be the monster . to insure this i ve taken the liberty of publishing my research , results and methods online on every torrent site , blog and social media site i could find . newline newline people dying is nt news . curing cancer is nt a fundraiser . we have more than enough food to feed everyone and we have more than enough people to work on the problem . i ve cured the biological diseases perhaps you can cure the mental ones . newline newline needless to say you can drop all the charges against me , oh and before i forget . sincerely , go fuck yourself . newline newline bobit was supposed to be a quiet night . get home , feed the fish and finish the work i ve spend years compiling . just sitting in front of the computer with a nice cup of tea by my side . but the roaring inferno an the sirens said otherwise . newline newline i knew they would come after me , but to involve civilians . it s against their policy , so they must be desperate . but it s their fault , not mine they should nt have fired me in the first place . bastards . newline newline i pulled up alongside the firetruck to inspect the site . nothing new . a building on fire , scared and crying civilians . ruined lives . yeah , nothing i have nt seen before . but one thing stood out from the usual scene . a silhouette quickly fleeing the crime scene . he knew what he was doing there . newline newline i smirked , looked at the briefcase in the back of the car , opened the glove box and took out my choke wire . he knew where i lived and he was going to report back to hq . newline newline i had to stop him . dude , alex.. did you hear that ?  i ask . newline he turns and stares at me in the face , expressionless . i hear that laugh track again . newline  dude , seriously , what s that ?  i ask again . he lowers his head . he closes his eyes and rubs them with his thumb and forefinger . he holds his other hand towards a window , and someone reaches through and hands him a damp towel . he wipes his forehead , then walks towards the pantry we have for our microwaveable food . he slams it down and shouts strings of profanities . he s throwing things everywhere , and it s all falling apart so easily . he just storms out , muttering curses under his breath . slowly , all the walls slide away . i m in some hollywood studio the size of oregon or something . a short man with a small yet fierce face and beady eyes rushes towards me , clipboard in hand . newline  oh poo , you ve gone and ruined it all . ohh of course . take two !  . newline uniformed men rush the stage and reach me in seconds . i think i can escape them . wait , no . they re not going for me . they re going to a supply closet . wait , what are they getting . that looks like.. me ? i do nt know . oh man . i m really tired . heyyy , they left my dorm bed still . i m gon na just.. take a snooze.. why did you come , human ?  she asked . newline newline i had prepared my answer , i d come knowing what i wanted , but right at that moment , with her staring down at me from her pedestal , the whole image was just comical . a smirk rose to my lips , grow , became a snicker that left her seeming irritated ,  why ... did you come ?  she repeated , a note of annoyance in her tone newline  i wanted answers , but now ?  i turned to walk away ,  i m not so certain . i mean , if you ca nt take this seriously , why should i ?  newline newline she was suddenly in front of me , blocking the doorway . if i had nt known already that she was a goddess , i d have been confused by this , surprised by it . but no . it was sort of predictable ,  are the gods nothing more than walking cliches ?  i asked , growing less impressed by the moment , i continued with  look , would you step aside ? i have things to be getting on with ...  newline newline the goddess pouted , i had made a deity pout like a spoiled schoolgirl . her hand drifted out to the side , resting against the marble door frame and there she leaned , watching me ,  oh , like you re so much better . you humans , with your massive egos . i did nt have to grant you this audience , you know , and i do nt have to let you survive it either ,  she nodded to herself ,  so spit it out , quit wasting my time .  newline newline threats . were we really at the point of threats already ? the disappointment in the air was palpable , a force as strong as any awkward silence , my quest was important though . travel to the realm of the gods and acquire the sacred chalice . that way i d prove myself to the town elders . i needed to get that cup , but how ? i decided to try the most obvious method . i decided to ask this less than impressive , sulky schoolgirl of a deity ,  i came for the sacred chalice . i need it ...  i told her . newline newline she shrugged ,  you mean to tell me that you came all this way , climbed the worldtree , evaded the maneating giant squirrel and all you want is some stupid cup ?  she shook her head ,  here . have one , have a box of them , worthless things !  newline newline that said , she vanished into thin air , a large container appearing beside me on the ground . i stared at it . retrieve the sacred chalice , they d said . prove your courage , become a mighty hero ... and i d expected to have to steal it , or fight for it . but instead , there was a box beside me that seemed to contain , going by the label , a sacred 28 piece dinner set including four separate chalices . newline newline how was i going to explain this to the elders ? more to the point , how was i going to carry it down the tree ? ... and that just about covers it .  newline newline yong lu politely clapped along with the rest of the human delegation , though most of the rest were primarily focused on frantic whispering and scribbling notes . they were the contingent of doctors , here only for the day s biological sciences presentations . the scribbles made in these last few moments had the potential to advance medical technology on earth by decades . newline newline such had been the past several weeks , ever since the ragnimar ship had popped into existence just past the orbit of neptune and introduced humanity to the rest of the universe . apparently they had been keeping tabs on us for some time , and reached out to us once we had established a permanent selfsufficient colony on mars with a hundred thousand inhabitants . they had already developed translation algorithms , so communication was never an issue . all in all , in was a smoother first contact scenario than we could have dreamed of . newline newline the ragnimar had spent their time in our system softly uplifting us . rather than give us immediate access to hardware , they instead were choosing to give us their knowledge of the universe . we could then apply that knowledge however we liked , but everything would have to be our own designs . newline newline yong pondered this idea as the doctors began to trickle out of the room , several stopping to ask some technical question of the ragnimar representatives . all of this was over his head . he was simply a diplomat , not a doctor . he worked in alien culture , not bacteria cultures . the only reason he was there was to check off boxes with the un . newline newline a shadow fell over him and he looked up to find his ragnimar counterpart standing next to his chair . newline newline  human yong ,  said the alien , extending her hand in imitation of the traditional human greeting . yong responded in kind , though handshakes were still tricky with the ragnimars  three fingers .  a question has come from ragnimar leadership . may we find some place to speak ?  newline newline  yes , of course ,  said yong , rising from his seat . he led the ragnimar diplomat to an empty conference room and closed the door .  what is it you wish to discuss ?  newline newline  as we have mentioned before , this is our species  first time uplifting another ,  she said slowly .  as such , there are ... kinks ... that we had not accounted for . the formal state dinner is tonight , and yet the culture exchange presentations are not for two days . we have taken precautions to ensure none will be offended , but ... .  newline newline she paused , as though steeling herself to ask a question she did not want to hear the answer to . finally she took a deep breath and continued . newline newline  the intention is to treat it as a state dinner on ragnim , but we ragnimar as a society are deeply religious . we typically begin such a dinner with a prayer . now , we understand that you humans will not know our religion or our prayers , but do you have your own religion , your own prayers ?  newline newline yong laughed .  oh yeah we do ,  he said .  we ve got  newline newline  good , good ,  the ragnimar diplomat interrupted , whipping a device out of a pocket . she began tapping on it , typing a message .  in that case , perhaps your leaders would like to have a spiritual leader say a prayer as well ? we would want to be equal , of course , and not force your people into a prayer to a god they do not follow .  newline newline  that ... .  yong swallowed .  that might not be a good idea . you could do it , but the food would get cold .  newline newline the ragnimar blinked in confusion momentarily , before her eyes lit up in understanding . newline newline  oh ! you must still have longer ceremonies rather than concise prayers . that wo nt be a problem , we can simply let the chefs know to put the food on hold until  newline newline  you misunderstand me .  it was yong s turn to interrupt .  the prayers themselves are ... two minutes , at absolute longest . it s just that if you want to be equal , every religion would have to get a chance to pray and we d be there for hours .  newline newline the ragnimar stared . newline newline  every ... religion ... . ?  she tapped her foot on the ground , the ragnimar body language for confusion .  you mean you ... have more than one ? or ... . oh ! do you have sects ? is that it ?  newline newline yong smiled to himself . newline newline  there are sects within religions , yes . there are also different religions , with entirely distinct belief systems . think of it as geometric shapes . we have all manner of rectangles , but in the end they are still rectangles . all manner of triangles may look different , but are still triangles . so it is with human religion . there are several core  belief systems , and then many sects within each . we ve gotten used to hearing others  prayers at state dinners , yours will be perfectly acceptable .  newline newline  but ... but ... how can you coexist without similar belief ?  newline newline  honestly , for a long time we did nt . you ll learn all about that in the history lessons tomorrow  listen for the bits about the crusades , the great schism.. or more recently , isis and the war on terror  . our differing religions gave us many wars , but they also gave us great beauty . much of our finest music , art , and architecture came from religion . the great gothic cathedrals , like notre dame . the intricate mosques , like hagia sophia and the dome of the rock . the beautiful handwritten copies of the quran , the ceiling of the sistine chapel , the great statues of buddha ... different religions may not always get along , but they always manage to produce good despite that . newline newline  we have different religions because humanity is too broad for only one interpretation of the divine . the way the early tribes of north america saw the divine was different from how the norse saw the divine , and different still from the pacific islanders . earth is too wide for us all to have had the same experiences  your planet is much more uniform in climate and weather than ours , so your people were able to homogenize much more easily . our world , our culture , is too diverse for that . and we have learned to accept that diversity as a strength , rather than shun it as a weakness . newline newline  for ultimately none of us are able to choose where we are born , or how our experiences are shaped . someone born in the midwestern united states may find that the open plain is at its most beautiful , most channeling the divine , when a powerful thunderstorm is barreling down upon them . someone born on the serengeti in africa may find the open plain most divine when the sun is shining brightly and the great herds are migrating . we all experience the divine in different ways , because we all experience life in different ways . and to deny that would be to deny our very humanity . it could nt have been a direct attack , demon against angel . that was strictly prohibited by both sides , until the end . and it was nt the end yet . we could only engage in a tugofwar for the ultimate fate of the humans we were sworn to protect . newline newline and yet , five of my kind had disappeared while watching over this little girl . saarafel , the most recent to go missing , had served the longest , nearly a year and a half . ostensibly , i was to be lindsey s new guardian . less important than that were my millennia of experience as a celestial investigator , but bezoakis  the only demon ever assigned to lindsey  did nt know this . newline newline  newline newline  no , dear , you may not have a cookie ,  said lindsey s mother .  it s almost dinnertime and i do nt want you to spoil your appetite .  she turned back to cooking . newline newline  go ahead ,  whispered bezoakis in lindsey s ear .  she wo nt notice .  of course , lindsey could nt see or consciously hear him , but she felt him in her heart all the same . newline newline  your mother loves you . she only wants what s best for you . and if you re good , maybe she ll let you have two cookies after dinner .  i told lindsey . not the most noble of motives , i ll admit , but one that often works on young children . or so i d been told . my expertise was investigation  this was my first human assignment . i knew little more than a novice about inspiring moral fortitude in humans . newline newline lindsey quietly lifted the lid off the cookie jar and took a cookie , biting into it . newline newline  looks like i win this round ,  bezoakis told me with an infernal grin . newline newline  looks like it  i replied . we both knew it was the smallest of victories , not one which would determine her eternal fate . and i had other matters on my mind . newline newline  newline newline saarafel and the others had nt been killed . bezoakis did nt seem like the type to defy his orders from below and strike directly before the prescribed time . and in any case , if they had been killed , it would have been known , and someone from vengeance  not investigations  would have been sent . they were just missing . newline newline bezoakis whispered to lindsey that she should have the raggedy doll that another girl at her day care was playing with . but when lindsey took it , the other girl began to cry , and i was able to persuade lindsey to share and play together . lindsey even apologized to the girl . newline newline lindsey did nt seem that difficult of a case . angels had been known to abandon their posts when their charges proved too difficult , but lindsey did nt seem to be one of the  difficult  ones . and in any case , saarafel had been one of the best . i had known him in between some of his previous assignments . he had handled far more troubled humans , with both strength and compassion . he was nt the type to give up just because things got tough . newline newline  newline newline  get up .  lindsey s mother woke her , late one night .  i have something to show you .  newline newline  you re tired ,  bezoakis whispered to lindsey .  you do nt want to get up .  but lindsey rubbed her eyes groggily and went with her mother without complaint . newline newline they went outside and looked up .  a lunar eclipse ,  her mother explained .  the moon is only bright because of the sunlight that falls on it . tonight , the earth comes between the moon and the sun and casts its shadow on the moon .  they watched , her mother holding her close , as the full moon dimmed , then turned blood red . newline newline  a lunar eclipse ,  bezoakis echoed to me .  when my kind is at our strongest , and yours at your weakest .  newline newline  human superstition ,  i replied .  you know that as well as i .  newline newline still , i checked the ephemeris later . i could find no correlation between eclipses , or any other astronomical events , and the times when the others had disappeared . newline newline  newline newline  they really are exquisite creatures ,  bezoakis said casually to me .  imagine ! seeing the wonder of creation for the first time , unjaded by the thousands of years we have experienced . have you noticed how keenly she looks at something as simple as a blade of grass , how intently she listens to the wind , how she jumps in both fear and excitement at a peal of thunder ? have you ever felt something like that ?  newline newline lindsey had found a spiderweb across her back porch . she touched it , cautiously . newline newline  you re in a contemplative mood today ,  i replied to bezoakis .  no temptation for lindsey ? no torment ?  newline newline  never saw much of a point . oh , it s in the job description , but i ve never felt that my influence ,  or yours , made that much of a difference . compared to the humans  free will , what we whisper in their hearts does nt move their moral compass much . newline newline  besides ,  continued bezoakis , now turning to look directly at me ,  she was never the one i was interested in corrupting .  newline newline i searched bezoakis s eyes for a long moment . i turned to lindsey , who was still examining the spiderweb . newline newline  saarafel !  i called out . newline newline for the first time , lindsey turned to look at me . newline newline  hello brother ,  said saarafel , still speaking with lindsey s voice . newline newline i stared at the young girl , speechless . for an angel to ... newline newline  oh , no , no , no , nothing like that ,  said saarafel .  i have nt been possessing her . that s still their domain   a glance at bezoakis   and even they do it rarely enough . i ve merely been ... inhabiting . observing . newline newline  and how glorious it is ! trees ! snow ! the warmth of the sun ! the cool wetness of morning dew ! the sweetness of honey ! oh , you think you know these already , but what angels are given is but a poor shadow of what humans experience in them .  newline newline  still ! !  i sputtered .  i should take you in right now . before the almighty himself !  newline newline  i could nt stop you if you wanted to ,  admitted saarafel .  but ...  newline newline  yes ?  newline newline  you could have this too .  newline newline  i do nt ...  newline newline  i ve learned to manifest a physical form outside of her . not as solid as humans , but enough to interact with and experience the physical world much as they do . i m ready to set out on my own , as the others did before me . you could take my place .  newline newline  you ve spent millennia serving others ,  added bezoakis .  the almighty . his humans . now it s time to live for yourself .  newline newline i looked at lindseysaarafel . at bezoakis . at lindseysaarafel , again . at a spiderweb  i had never noticed how indistinct it seemed before . i nodded . newline newline a brief , strong gust of wind  saarafel had left . and i saw the exquisite detail of a spiderweb through the eyes of a young girl .it was christmas eve . the table was laden with a scrumptious meal . across the table a young married couple were sitting and having dinner . newline newline  ..and then i grabbed the last box . an old lady almost beat me to it . you ll love it honey  gloria jennings finished her story . her smiled showed off her pearly white teeth and rosy lips . newline newline that s great sweety  phil jennings reached out to hold his wife s hand . even that small action rippled his well developed muscles . an oddity for a chartered accountant . newline newline gloria started cutting through the souffle .  by the way honey . i called your office this afternoon but jenny said you were out..  newline newline  oh do nt worry about that . i was just out with bill to get a drink  phil gave his own version of a toothy smile to his wife . newline newline gloria s started to frown  no you were not .  newline newline  honey ?  phil stopped smiling . newline newline  bill is in the hospital . hernia . that s why i was calling  the smile was gone . newline newline  i ...  phil had gone perfectly still . he could feel his heart beat speeding up . newline newline  where you were you honey  gloria was squeezing the knife rather tightly now . newline newline  i..uh  drops of sweat were forming on his forehead . he shakingly wiped them off . newline newline gloria stood up . she was only 5 foot 3 , but right now looked more dangerous than the hulk . newline newline  you re cheating on me are nt you  her voice was a whisper . but somehow phil could feel the rage boiling . newline newline  god no dear . i love you . i would never ...  phil started to rise up . newline newline gloria banged the knife in the middle of the table . it sunk in halfway . newline newline  then where were you ?  gloria screamed . newline newline  i was murdering my boss . okay !  phil shouted out in return . newline newline the couple stared a each other for a minute . newline newline  oh my god . you too ?  gloria said with surprise in her voice . newline newline newline                                               newline phil felt rather uncomfortable . a minute ago he had confessed to his high school sweetheart that he was a murderer . what made it worse was apparently he was nt the only killer in the house . newline newline color had come back to gloria s face . she crossed her arms . newline newline  explain . what did you mean sweetchumps  her voice was dripping with honey . newline newline phil sighed and crossed his legs . he had pictured this conversation a thousand times but not this way . newline newline  i am ... the ... .planner  he said while choking on each word . newline newline  the infamous assassin who has murdered over half of the world leaders .  newline newline  yes . i ... caught early on that i had a talent for these things . so i sort started doing it on the side . like a ... hobby  newline newline his wife had nt blinked in a while . newline newline  okay i admit , its a little strange , but i .. could nt help it.  a cocky smile appeared on his lips .  i am just so good at it honey . they call me the moriarty of modern times .  newline newline gloria sat down . the frown was heavily pronounced . she was deep in thought . newline newline  so when you say you were murdering your boss   she asked . newline newline phil face became twisted  the bastard wanted me to pull a double shift on christmas and new year s eve . can you believe the nerve !  he took a deep breath . newline newline  so i broke into his house and switcher out his antidepressants . then i simply embezzled a few millions from the company s accounts with his authorization .  phil smiled as he recalled his plan . newline newline  they fired the idiot in the morning . finally went off the edge . shot himself with the gun i left in the top left drawer of his office table . it was so much fun , watching my plan execute  a look of extreme fervor had appeared on his face . newline newline the look faded away as he stared at his wife . newline newline  hmm.. you are nt shocked  he started scratching his chin . newline newline  of course i am surprised  gloria said indignantly . newline newline  yes surprised . not shocked . or disgusted . hmm..  he continued calmly . he was looking at his wife from a new perspective . newline newline  you re one too  he said , though not accusingly newline newline gloria grabbed the knife stuck on the table . blade first . with a thump she dislodged it . a drop of blood fell down on the wooden surface . newline newline  i am the the stripper  she said with arrogance . newline newline phil was nonplussed .  the what now ?  newline newline  i invite men to sleep with me and when they think they are about to have me , i strip their skin off their bones . while they are awake and screaming .  the cheeks were turning rosy . newline newline  when do you ...  newline newline  remember those visits to my family  she asked . newline newline  you mean when you left for thanksgiving 2 weeks ago..  phil was more confused than surprised at his wife s modus operandi . newline newline  i was murdering my bitch of a boss . she thought she finally could get me in the sack with the threat of firing me . stupid woman  gloria was grinning like the joker . newline newline  do you have sex with them before you   newline newline  no of course not .  she gently placed her bloodied hand on phil s . newline  i could never cheat on you  she said with love in her eyes . newline newline silence ruled again . neither of them wanted to break it . the moment was weird and romantic at the same time . newline newline  so..  phil started . newline newline  yes sweety ?  his wife asked with a cute look . newline newline  whats our plan for new year s eve ?  phil asked . newline newline gloria smiled as phil tightened his grip on her bloody fingers . newline newline  oh i think we can come up with something fun for both of us  newline newline newline newline newlinei wake from my sleep as my growing hunger starts to hurt my stomach , so i get up and stretch my arms up , trying to wake up a little . i stride to the bedroom door , scratch my back , then swing the door open . i take a step out , shivering when i notice the hallway was so cold . newline newline i descended down the stairs into my musky living room , walking past the old batteddown couch and pass the small tv  vanity . i stopped and scratched my back one more time , then went down another flight of stairs to the basement to meet my extra freezer . when i get down on the slightly damp concrete ground , i walk over to the box of frozen food and take out a pizza , stopping for a moment when i hear a creak . newline newline  it was probably nothing..  i yawn . i hold the pizza tight in my grip as i walk up the concrete then carpet steps , shaking my head because whoever made this house was so stupid to put concrete and carpet together . i make my way back to the living room , then walking into the kitchen and turning on the oven . i lean back on the kitchen counter and set the pizza down , yawning when my arms touch the granite . i almost drift into a light sleep before the timer went off when the oven was done preheating . i took the pizza out of the box and out of the plastic then slid it in . i remembered to turn on the timer and i set that too . newline newline i got out of the kitchen and sat down at my kitchen table . it was dark , so i turned on the lights and found an envelope sitting there . newline newline   shit , nope , nope , nope , nope .   i whisper . i run into the kitchen right when the timer goes off , then i quickly turn it off and take the pizza out of the oven . i let it cool down , then cut it and swiftly take the whole pizza into my room . i notice the clock as it says newline newline 5:34 newline newline i sigh and eat my pizza , really mad that i did nt get much sleep . but now that i was awake , i went downstairs and saw the envelope still sitting on the table . i nearly screamed i was so mad . i sat down at the table angrily and ripped open the letter and read the short note  newline newline i m watching .  newline newline   not even gon na   i yelled . i threw away the note , then ran up to my room and stuck my face to my pillow . i screamed muffled screams as i felt a cool hand glide around my back , sending shivers down my spine . i flip over violently and did nt see anything , so i positioned myself with the covers over my head , trembling with fear . newline newline   not even freaking gon na ..   i whisper .people had always been amazed by me since they realised that i was different , but just how special i am did nt hit me till i was invited to the city . it wasn  t even so much when the train came over the hills and the magnificent city lay sprawled out in front of us . it was when we got close . what hadn  t occurred to me at first was that i couldn  t see any of people , however as they came into view i realised this place was like no other  not that i had seen much to compare it to at thirteen . you see , the people gave a sense of scale and i found myself wondering how the buildings didn  t knock the moon out of the sky . some of the buildings must have been at least 30 times the size of my church . newline newline after the train arrived i was quickly whisked away by the guards that had accompanied me . people back home tended to find them somewhat daunting . dressed head to toe in fibre plate armour  rifles twice the size of pa  s shotgun and an addiction for power so strong , that it even rivaled that of zenjoy smokers . however i had never seen them as intimidating . i  m not sure if it was that the way they carried themselves seemed fake or the fact that they were scared of their superiors , but i had never feared them . newline newline i was quickly ushered towards a rather grand looking building . its height was nothing compared to the surrounding concrete giants , but somehow it still managed to be the one that seemed most important . as we reached the stairs i could see through the great open doors and noticed the building appeared to be one large room . i couldn  t help but let out a laugh when we entered . the whole spectacle seemed ridiculous to me . an ornate room the size of my village and the only permanent fixtures were five pillars with seats atop them . i did always find the way of the wealthy funny . newline newline as we reached the people who deemed themselves important enough to sit on seats higher than oak trees i began to take in the scene they had set out for me . guards with golden shoulder plates all in a perfect two file square , my escorts filling the gap as i walked through . in the center , a long table with a lone glass at the close side . the two remaining escorts accompanied me till we had reached the regal looking gentleman at the nearest end of the table . him and his inferiors making no effort to hide their disgust at my dirty clothes . newline newline his voice was first to break the uncomfortable silence .  no one informed me the boy was an agrarian  he muttered to the women on his right .  no matter  he exclaimed now at a volume for all to hear  do you know why the why the members of the chamber called you before them today ?  newline newline  i  ve heard my gift is a little more special than i thought  i replied , unwavered by their attitude towards my people . newline newline  indeed  he continued ,  the only instance in recorded history , outside of what most consider mythology . quite spectacular really . the chamber would like you to demonstrate by moving the glass in front of you to the far side of the table  newline newline  i can try sir  i replied in an attempt to remind them i was only really a child  barely even old enough to shoot gun . i scrunched up my face and held out my right hand , just like the first time i pulled the tv remote from table into my grasp . for a few seconds nothing happened , but then the glass shook side to side and began to travel slowly to the other end . the regal man and his inferiors all looked stunned and even the chamber members atop their thrones seemed visibly impressed . newline newline after he had collected himself the regal man spoke once more .  most impressive , especially from someone of your kind  . that s when i knew how satisfying my next demonstration was going to be .  have you ever demonstrated any gifts other than telekinesis ?  newline newline  yes  . i was done toying with them . showing them what they would have achieved had they found me younger . newline newline  and what would those be ?  newline newline  i normally refer to this gift as  power shift   i said as my iris  s began to glow newline newline  and what does this gift entail ?  he said taking a step back . newline newline  i  ll show you  i said , and with that i shot my left hand into the air . as i slowly lowered it , every guard in the room knelt down infront of me . before the regal man could even put his astonishment into words i shot my right hand out towards him . his head snapped quickly backwards , breaking his neck and leaving him in a pile on the floor . as i pulled my left hand back up the guards positioned the barrels of their guns at the base of their chins and fired . as the screams of the suddenly less intimidating people filled the room , i shot my right hand up into the air and pulled it down sharply . as i did the pillars before me sank abruptly into the ground until the members of the chamber were sitting at my level . newline newline  i have come to deliver a message from my brother  i said with a voice emanating across the screams of the regal men s inferiors and the oh so mighty chamber members alike . i did find it amusing how frightened they were of me , being but an agrarian child . newline newline  we have had enough of your oppression  my name is harry ,  the boy started . his voice wavered . he looked around the circle , squinting at the flicker of the fluorescent lights . it was a very diverse group of about 20 people . all ages , genders , and races were pretty equally represented . most of them had coffee in white styrafoam cups , and several were smoking cigarettes . there was a general feeling of antsyness in the room  some were agitatedly twirling their hair , while others bit there lips nervously , and knees could be seen manicly bouncing up and down . but they were quiet and attentive . the boy named harry cleared his throat before speaking again .  and i m an addict in recovery .  newline newline  hi , harry .  the group chorused mechanically . newline newline harry had finally hit rock bottom . it was nt time first time , but this time was different . exactly two weeks ago he had stumbled into the clinic , sweating and shaking , and mumbling about being on the cruciatus curse , whatever that is . he managed to check in before collapsing on the floor . newline newline the next days were the worst he had ever experienced . locked in his room , he alternated between the realistic torture of the drugs leaving his system , and long bouts of revisiting his alternate world  a world in which he is a wizard . newline newline  you foolish muggles !  he would roar , pounding on the door !  open this at once , or i m gon na apperate out of here and return with my wand ! the last person you want to mess with is a soontobe auror !  newline newline eventually he would collapse into a fit of unrestful sleep . newline newline on the third day he woke up to the food hatch opening . the smell of breakfast filled the room . newline newline  hungry ?  newline newline  no , thirsty though .  newline newline  how are you feeling ?  newline newline harry laughed .  how do i look ?  his sweaty face was puffy , and his glasses had somehow broken again . newline newline the pair of eyes surveyed him for a moment .  it only gets better .  he said simply .  oh , i almost forgot , you have mail .  and he pushed a water bottle and an envelope inside before closing the hatch . newline newline harry looked at the envelope . there was no sender name , just his name and address of the clinic . he wondered for a moment who would have written him . he had nt been close to anyone for a few years , as his addiction had gotten worse and worse . ron had been in jail for 3 years , and had 5 to go . harry tore open the envelope . out fell a single handwritten page of stationery . newline harry pressed one half of his broken glasses to his face and began reading . newline newline dear harry , newline newline i know we have nt spoken since freshman year of high school , but i had to write you when i heard the good news ! we have nt been close lately , but i m so so happy to hear you are finally tackling your addiction . i wo nt pretend to know what you re going through , but just know i m thinking of you ! newline newline harry , do you remember that time in middle school when that bully tim was harassing me in the hallway , and you jumped on that troll s back and you and ron fought him off ? that s exactly the person i ll always see you as  minus all of that snot , ugh !  , because that s who you are ! newline newline please write me back harry , i m here for you . i hope to see you soon ! newline newline love , hermione .  newline newline harry put the letter down carefully , and buried his face in his pillow . his eyes burned as tears rushed to them . and he let go . his whole body shook as he cried silently . he cried because he was an orphan , cast away by his extended family . he cried because of the years wasted feeding his addiction . he cried because of the relationships squandered over the years . he cried until he could no more . newline newline he stood up to look in the mirror .  i m going to change .  he said , to a tearful reflection . and he meant it . and he lifted his hand to cover the 934 tattoo on his neck . newline newline newline newline he was always with us . he took me to school in the morning , picked me up in the afternoon and tucked me in at night . mom worked very hard and some nights she would nt come home at all , so dad did everything in the house . he cooked and cleaned and would even help me with my homework when i did nt understand something . he s the best dad ever . newline newline but then i started to get nightmares and was afraid to go to sleep . when he tucked me in he said  do nt worry about anything that happens in those dreams . nothing there can hurt you . and i would never let anything happen to you here . you trust me , right buddy ?  i always felt better but when the light went out the shadows danced around my room . i stayed in bed because dad never liked it when i bothered him and mom in the middle of the night . some nights i would hear him talk to someone . they never talked back so i thought he was on the phone . newline newline one night i got out of bed and went to the kitchen to get some water . i was nt supposed to have any at night because of an accident i had when i was younger but i was so thirsty . dad left the door to his room open and i saw he was nt in his bed . i got my glass of water and drank it while i looked around to see if he or mom were home but did nt see them anywhere . i thought it would be okay for me to watch some tv while i waited for them . newline newline i do nt remember falling asleep but i guess i must ve because i woke up in my bed . my pajamas were different from the night before and i thought i could remember seeing a lot of red . it must have been another nightmare . my dad was making breakfast and called for me to get ready for school . he had a bandage on his head but he said he tripped in the tub and laughed . i went to brush my teeth and saw that the curtains still had a bit of red on them . i never thought my dad was so clumsy . newline newline the next night i had the worst nightmare ever . there were loud noises in the air and flashes of light everywhere . when i looked around i could see people lying on the ground and they were all red . when i looked at my hand they were red too . i guess i screamed cause dad was there when i woke up . i told him what happened and he said  do nt worry . remember my promise ? i ll never let anything bad happen to you .  he kissed me on the forehead . i tried to get back to sleep but just laid in bed with my eyes open until i heard cars outside . i heard the noises from my dreams and saw the flashes of light . my dad was yelling at me to get under the bed and to hide . i did and stayed there forever . he told me he would be right back and he left . newline newline so do you know where my dad is ? please do nt do anything to him . he s a good dad . i know he loves me very much . and see , nothing bad happened to me . there s no red stuff on my chest . see ? oh and can you tell me where my mom is ? i have nt seen her in a long time . is she still at work ?  newlineok , brainbot5000 , if that is even your real name , what did you find out from that scan that involved an anal probe for some reason newline newline i m not brainbot5000 , i m assbot4000 . and according to my results , you may want to sit down . newline newline i ca nt .  newline newline right . sorry . anyhow , brainbot5000 is down the hall . newline newline ok , i m next door now . to be clear you are brainbot5000 ?  newline newline yeah , and thanks to my noninvasive scanning technology , i can tell you now that you never claimed a winning lottery ticket . which is weird because no one has ever won the pick 6 playing the same number 6 times . newline newline wait , you mean when i picked all 69 s ?  newline newline yeah , but the statute of limitations ran out on the money . newline newline when ?  newline newline right when you asked me that . so close . newline newline darn .  newline newline glad to help ! newline newline  artful fade to black   somber string quartet music   credits roll they were the ones forgotten , they were the ones people pretended did nt exist . in truth , they were here long before us . it all started trillions of years ago , when a life form from several lightyears away landed on a plant he dubbed  earth  . newline newline he was that of a selfproducing species , so he quickly started his own family , which soon expanded into millions quite quickly . most of the creatures were sent off to other planets , to populate for themselves . but some , some stayed behind . they lurked in the shadows for all of that time , waiting , watching . newline newline eventually , the shadows became unsafe . the world was being light with electricity , and nowhere was safe for them anymore . so they decided to take to the sea on their ship rigmar . there they continued to wait and observe the queer race that inhabited the planet . newline newline one stormy night , a small child was paddling in a small boat . this could not end well . whenever they were spotted , they were forced to take action . the bermuda triangle , the humans called it . but this boy was different . he stopped a safe distance away from the creatures of the night and pulled out a canvas . he slowly lifted his brush and began to paint . curious , all of the creatures came out to watch the fearless boy . soon , everyone was posing for him , smiling , and playing . newline newline that s when they were discovered . everything changed for the better . they were no longer feared and with the last of his groceries safely tucked away , thomas turned towards ...  and with that the voice petered off into nothing . newline newline and so , thomas turned . and kept turning . surely , at any second now the voice would continue and help thomas finish his day . after all , it had always been there , a deep guiding guardian of sorts . newline newline  what do you mean ? this is the script ? !  said a sharp , feminine voice . thomas finally stopped his turning , stumbling for a moment then regaining his composure . now this was truly odd . the voice had only been gone for a few moments and this new voice was of no comfort to thomas . newline newline  ahem and so , thomas finished gathering his groceries and beg no . no , i simply wo nt read this . it s utter rubbish .  spoke the voice from above .  he s getting groceries . you re literally paying me to read about a man going shopping . oh , how far i ve fallen .  newline newline thomas did nt like this . no , he decided , he did not like this one bit . he began to take a step forward . whoever this voice was , it was not thomas s voice . who was this woman , to insult his life , and his shopping ? no , he simply would not have it . but , why had nt his foot moved ? newline newline  i swear . four years getting a degree in theater . and this is what you have me doing ? if i had known , if he had told me i would nt have even sat in the damn chair !  newline newline the trees were the first place thomas noticed it . a certain lack of detail , a fuzziness to them . and as if to affirm his suspicions , the trees lost color and then vanished all together . was the voice the cause of this ? surely not . it just kept ranting about some degree  and some dignity  . she would be quiet soon enough . and then thomas s voice would come back . newline newline  i m done . literally done . you can shove this script , shove this whole scene . shove it all !  and the voice faded . now this was nt right . his voice should be back by now . thomas s voice . stern , yet comforting . intimidating , but at the same time nurturing . the nothingness  as he had termed it had progressed to his feet . the groceries , even his car did nt exist anymore . newline newline  if you want me back , i ll need a new contract  boomed a deep masculine voice . yes ! his voice was back . the nothingness began to sidle up thomas s face . what was his name again ? oh well , that did nt matter ! the voice was back . newline newline any second now ... . newline newline any second ... newline newline any ... newline newline ... newline newline ... newline newline  and so , thomas was born into the world  newline newline edit : wrote this in like 20 minutes . let me know what you think !dr.  redacted  , newline newline allow me first to thank you for the past 3 years of pleasurable service i have experienced under your guidance . i have learned much from you that i will carry with me going forward in life , and for that i will be forever grateful . unfortunately , as all good things in life must end , so too must my time here with  not reddit s business  . to that end , you may consider this letter my resignation . effective immediately i will be terminating my employment with this company . newline newline for personal reasons i will not divulge the precise details , but the short version is that certain unforseen events have created a situation in which i am no longer in need of employment . i would be remiss , however , were i not to sincerely thank you for all you have done for me . from harassing me over the noise level from my cube , to ignoring me when i asked for guidance on a complicated issue  you can hear a pen drop the next cube over , but you ca nt hear me talking to you at normal volume standing 3 feet away  to taking credit for my work under false pretenses , all my time here you have done your best to ensure i felt as unwanted and unqualified as possible . you have gone to magnificent lengths to prove to management that they were wrong when they hired me over your protests . no good deed went noticed and no mistake went without ruthless berating and criticism . i understand your reasoning , just know that you re wrong . newline newline but now that we are here , on the precipice of our final separation , i can finally reveal to you why they hired me . you went through 8 techs in the 3 years before i showed up . they all quit , to the last one , rather than continue to deal with someone who appears to take pride in being such an insufferable , selfrighteous , arrogant cunt . and that s why i was brought in . you see , the manager and i know each other from boy scouting , back in the day . he knows the depths of my patience . he knows the thickness of my skin . he knew that your mind games would nt get to me . and so when he offered me the position , i was warned of you . i was told i would be walking into possibly the worst office i would ever work in . that i would be subjected to treatment i never thought possible in a professional environment . and that  giving credit where it is due  they would nt fire you because you are legitimately excellent at your job . i was nt blowing smoke when i said i learned a lot from you . granted , most of it stemmed from your failings as a supervisor , but knowledge is knowledge . newline newline so that s it . feel free to confirm  or knowing you , you wo nt bother because in your mind there s no way your behavior is wrong  with management , but that s it . if you were nt such an insufferable supervisor , i would never have been hired . you would nt have had to spend the last 3 years loathing me silently . so allow me to thank you once again , from the bottom of my heart , for being such an incorrigible douche . i d have never received the opportunity to hold such a great position without that particular trait of yours . newline newline please find attached one  1  plastic ziploc bag containing approx . 6.8 oz of my feces . it is my gift to you to do with what you will . if i may offer a suggestion : eat it . newline newline i sincerely hope you outlive your children , newline newline promptimusdear diary , newline newline it was a rude shock to find , after the second day of my submitting my ad to the newspaper requesting participants for my clinical trials , so that i could begin testing my mental treatments , that i should already take notice of a very interesting stock of man  men , ruined by their mothers  hitler  and fathers  stalin  , which , i already suspect , may form the psychological basis of my mental research , for years to come . already i have been told  hitler  : your work , i can already tell , is clearly no more than another attempt by the jewish elite to gain control over the masses with your pseudoscientific twaddle . and  stalin  : you play word games and put up word walls between you and your patient , to conceal your charlatanry , because you , freud , are a perverted fraud ! admittedly was is unclear to me why these two remained in my company for as long as they did , but i can only suspect that it was due to their desire to overpower me in conversation , which , however , they could nt do .  note also that two other participants , trotsky and broz , had both , inexplicably left , after explaining my process to them  . nevertheless , i did listen to their every word . they were both ,  hitler and stalin  , completely exhausted , by my mental research , in the end , which i pursued with the utmost ruthlessness , given the hostility of my patients , as i am always very much interested in my patients  that is to say their brains  . newline newline to me , hitler had said that my interest in brains was a kind of perverted jewish death wish  that the jews had long had a vendetta against everything human following their harsh experiences with the egyptians , and that we  this was news to me  , had renounced our being  to be  because the hebrew language has no copula verb  to be  , unlike the german language  which does  , preferring instead to worship the tetragrammaton  translated as  i am that i am  , or  i shall be what i shall be  ,  i shall be what i am  or  i will become what i choose to become  ,  i will become whatsoever i please   , which , hitler had said : you worship this thing if it were the only being that deserved to exist !  now i must record that i had known nothing of such stories and that i ve never heard a rabbi talk of such things .  newline newline these antisemitic remarks were news to me , and yet i found them unsettling , because it was as if he was trying to attack my foundations , when my real foundation  my real birthplace , was my mothers vagina , and not the hebrew language . it seemed to me that hitler was suffering from persecutory delusions , of some kind , but i could nt be sure , because our session was over . and after it ended , he then ran into another patient of mine in the hallway  stalin  who , from what i had gathered from their remarks , had shared some harsh words , earlier , while they were seated in the waiting room . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlineconsidering the mc i have for this year s nanowrimo is basically going to do this as his starting job ? thanks for this prompt . newline newline  newline newline the man looked at the clean sweep magical supplies and sundries ,  sign as he gathered up his bags . fairview was nt much of a town , one of those jerkwater towns that sprang up because water magi lived here and farmers brought in enough goods to add another car load or two of goods to jackdaw . newline newline behind the front counter sat a man with mismatched blue and green eyes thumbing through a notebook . this man perked at the sound of the door chime but said nothing til the newcomer started setting pouches and bags haphazardly over the main counter . newline newline  selling , trading ... donating ?  the man at the counter asked with a small grin , knowing nobody would ever flat out donate , but given half of his customers were regulars that had this or that they needed to put in hock he wanted to try a little humor to help ease hard times . newline newline the man with the pouches grunted ,  look i just came from star city and the schedule says train comes through in a couple hours .  newline newline the man behind the counter nodded as comprehension dawned .  dangerous place , you the only one in your party ?  newline newline  mort and wren are at doc s so i kinda want to try dumping excess before they get out .  the look on the man s face did not match the attempted lightness of his words as his hands worked the catches and pullstrings of the pouches .  i d heard it was bad , but to think what s there is just the dregs .  he drew in a deep breath before pulling items , none large and all a variety with no rhyme or reason to the untrained observer . newline newline the man at the counter nodded and lightly touched each with practiced fingertips , sending small threads of power through to see if each object resonated or not . those that resonated went in a pile all their own while the rest were kept spread in front of him .  let s start with the nonmagical .  newline newline the other man nodded , then frowned as the shop owner promptly brought out a wicker basket and started throwing all of the apparently nonmagical items in .  i do nt deal in nonmagical , and most of these look either decorative , or ,  he held up a flat rectangle slightly larger than his hand and unfolded it ,  and this ? i have no idea how to price this . it s valuable , but it s prewar technology . i d give you maybe , maybe , fifty for the whole basket and if you took it all north you d find several curio shops that d pay that just for this thing here .  he folded the rectangular thing back up and put it in the basket . newline newline  but i need more than that ,  the customer started before a hand was held up . newline newline  let s go through the magical now ,  the man behind the counter was far more careful with each of these before muttering to himself junk ,  junk ,  interesting ,  he then paused at a midnight blue book and swallowed .  this is necromancy .  newline newline the man s shoulders slumped , his haul that left friends injured would nt cover the cost of getting patched up , and now he s being told some of it was flat out illegal . newline newline  i ll pay three hundred for the book ,  wait what ? the man blinked at the words , this was not how bad rolls tended to go . what was going on here ?  do nt worry i m not someone that can use this or even have any interest even if i could , but there s a bounty program going on . so i ll give you three for the book . fifty for the nonmagicals since it ll take me time to find buyers through town for any of it , and most likely i ll just send someone with a load up north on next week s train .  newline newline then the store owner held up a tiny tiny set of armor that was missing several pieces .  my mail pixie would love this so three hundred even though it s incomplete .  newline newline he then gestured to the other magical gear ,  and i do nt have enough in the til today to cover the rest of this , but that ll give you eight hundred easy up north .  he pulled a page out of his notebook and wrote down a name and address .  this is a friend of mine that deals in generalist salvage and specializes in star city s oddities . tell them marrik sent you and you should get ten percent off on that visit .  newline newline the man was barely aware of the paperwork he signed , the money changing hands , and the other mudnanities that happened . what looked like a bust turned into not just coming out ahead , but also doubling their current profit when they get back home , and a new contact for their next dive . newline newline as he counted his money he looked at the shop owner ,  thank you ...  newline newline  not at all ,  the man smiled while putting the illegal book in a wall safe ,  it s my job . now get going , you ve got a train to catch . the air ran swiftly through the trees for a moment and then settled back down , like an exhale from the mountains themselves . it had been peaceful for dakota as he made his move from the busy city into his quiet country life in the mountains . the wind was always pleasant when it rushed it s ways down the mountainside , and the sun with it s constant rays had already begun to darken the pigment of his skin . newline newline it was silent here . it was silent and it was wonderful , unlike the city . at first he loved it . the voices sand a melody in his head as he heard the private thoughts of those around him for miles . there were bashful lovers , a family preparing their night s meal , a child hugging his father , all singing a harmony , while crooks looking for loose pockets , a widow weeping from a broken heart , and a child with and empty stomach , sang a dark melody . life was nt always perfect , but the song they sang rang in his head as he heard their thoughts , and he could understand the hidden intentions of the people he saw . this was life around him , and even when it was dark , it was still miraculous and beautiful the hope he could find in people . but even the best songs can only be heard so many times , and eventually dakota could nt stand it any longer . he wanted to be alone with his thoughts and so he made his way to the countryside , where the silence embraces him . newline newline it was peaceful , and the thoughts in his head were his own . newline newline he lay in the long green grass , and watched as it danced like waves in the ocean as the air hurried by . his spirit was at peace with the world , his mind taking a break from the music . it was beautiful when he heard it , but even the best pieces had breaks before returning to the piece . he watched now as a the clouds moved slowly in the sky , strong and steady like cattle that grazed their way through the hills . this was his break in the masterpiece that was life . he closed his eyes and it was nt long before he began to have the half muddled thoughts that precede a peaceful nap . newline newline  iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiik vooooooooooooooo daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa  newline newline his eyes shot open . had he imagined it ? it was likely . after all of the voices that often sang in his head , it was nt uncommon for them to echo in his sleep , not that he ever minded . his gift was listening , even when people spoke directly to his ears and not into his mind . he closed his eyes once more and let his mind think empty thoughts . newline newline  kroooooooooooooooo ? do you not hear me ?   he heard it now . it s voice was slow as the clouds and heavy as thunder .  vaaaaaaaas tuuuuuuuuuu . i am aeron , of the mountains , listener of the minds of men , and i would hear your thoughts . tell me now of the world .   newline newline confusion entered dakota s mind . to whom was he speaking ? the voice did not seem angry . it was calming , and gentle . newline newline  jaaaaac ? you are still confused , as is understandable . think then on what you seek to know , and i will answer . it is not often i have such pleasures as this , to hold conversation with one like yourself .   newline newline dakota had to ponder . what was the nature of this ... man ? was he someone like him who could read his thoughts ? but why then had nt there been contact when he had first moved to the mountain ? newline newline  yes . who am i ? i will entertain that thought first . i am not man nor beast . i exist to balance the world . i ve been entrusted to make sure that evil and villainy do not triumph again . again ...   he repeated the word and a flood of images came into dakota s mind . visions of houses burning , of rape and murder , and of death . the world was lawless , and there was only pain . he could feel the cacophony of disaster that the images brought to his mind , and they sang in discord . he felt the mind of aeron and the pain that the world brought to the being s soul . what he saw next was both awe inspiring and terrible . through unseen forces , the being shook the entirety of the earth and brought down civilizations . houses were laid low and people swallowed by the earth . dakota could feel aeron s mind after the disaster , as it searched for the minds of men . it found only few scattered across the lands , and their minds were full of shock and awe . with their minds only on survival and no one to make war with , the people began anew , and started to rebuild in peace . this peace was a great silence to aeron , and he fell asleep as the peaceful minds of men played out a lullaby in his own great mind . newline newline dakota still had questions , but the thoughts that were planted in his mind were sufficient to understand who he was talking to . newline newline  and tell me now of the world as it stands . i fear this sleep has left my mind bogged . given enough time , yes , i could search the world in whole and judge the earth once more . never again shall it be given over to such darkness .   newline newline what of the world ? images began to form in dakota s mind , forming a dark melody . the robbers , the widow s tears , the hunger of a child . they had barely formed in his mind when he felt the earth began to shake beneath himself . newline newline  kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaal !   the voice boomed in his head with anger , and the earth shook ever more violently . newline newline but that was only half the song . dakota thought of the lover s , of the family preparing a meal , and of a child s love , and the shaking subsided . newline newline  vaaaaaaaaak .   the being was silent for a moment as he listened .  these are good things , but tell me , do you think that they can last in the face of evil ? i fear for what good there is in the world . i have a mind to stop it early and start again . i have seen where this leads . i have watched the world grow darker before , i have heard the songs of light fade as a chorus of darkness spreads . tell me now , why should nt i act this very moment ?  and the harmony and melody collided . newline newline dakota s thoughts turned to the family that brought in the hungry child , who went on to comfort the widow , who acted in kindness to the crook . he stole , and was caught , and the woman offered him grace instead of justice . newline newline  like the sun and the moon ,  dakota spoke out loud , knowing the thoughts would echo in his mind ,  the good and the bad come and go , and neither overtakes the other .  the thoughts intertwined with each other now . they were a beautiful balance . the highs and the lows of the song weaved with each other to make a sound more beautiful than either could make on their own . he could feel the mind of aeron begin to settle . newline newline  naaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas . what art the world has made . the darkness has not won , nor the good . they make something new . yes . what artist does not use the full spectrum of color ? what composer does nt use the whole realm of notes before him ? what storyteller writes an epic without tragedy and triumph ? let the world be for now . i will take this new song and let it lull me back to my slumber . i take faith that maybe this time the sorrows of my heart can be avoided .   newline newline their mind s stayed intermingled over the next few hours as they both listened to the sounds , and dakota could feel the great mind slowly fade back into a slumber until he could no longer feel it s presence . newline newline the stars were out now . the breeze a little cooler than before . and the stars looked brilliant against the blackness of the night sky .small things change . my brother  s tshirts get tighter , my dad  s guitar twangs new sounds . i look at one point and it  s light . i look up later and it  s dark . there  s toast on a plate in front of me and then there  s isn  t . my nails grow . my mother hums . small things . newline newline nothing changes when night falls . i always give her the silver cutlery now . i  ve watched her stand in the dawn . i  ve traced her fingers over her warm , fleshy cheeks and there  s no pallid discolouration , no smell of rot . she blushes , bleeds . she asks me if i need any more tampons and she buys them for herself . rhythmic bumps from my parent  s bedroom at night . newline newline so i don  t know what it is . newline newline  why is mum here ?  i asked my brother once , but he just looked at me like i was mad . newline newline i  m not mad . i see it in her . small things change but the big things don  t : i see the wrongness in her . the empty plate by my hand is cool and the bread knife my dad used for the toast is nearby . newline newline rhythmic bumps from my parent  s bedroom . newline newline i pick it up . newline newline i  m not mad . newlinethe numbers above everybody s heads were so close to one and other that i think this was the first time i had ever seen such a thing and i think everybody knew what it meant . newline newline the trench was packed and we were all set to go over the top , the sargent must have known what they all meant because his number was also , very close to the rest . newline newline  on my whistle , we will go over the top and into battle !  newline newline the numbers slowly ticking down in synchronisation and everybody looking at me almost hatefully as if i was to blame for their predicament . newline newline they all seemed to stare me down , their nearly blackened numbers running closer to zero with every heartbeat . newline newline one of them had their number run to zero and he just dropped cold and silent , a heart attack . newline newline i looked around , nobody would help him . newline newline i moved to pick his body up , the sargent looked at me , cross ...  i ca nt just leave him there , others may trip over him .  newline newline i dragged his body backwards , passed the lines of troops as the whistle blew . i could see the numbers turning from a dull red to a near black as they went over the top . i carried on dragging the body back , and then , grabbing my position i moved to the front . newline newline i caught a glimpse of something out of the corner of my eye , it was my reflection and , unlike any other time i could remember , i saw my number . newline newline the white hue and the large number filled me with hope . do ... i ... survive this ? newline newline i looked at my weapon and looked to the top and i ran to the aid of my friends but before i could fire a shot i was hit and down i went , like a sack of potatoes falling down the stairs . seemingly tumbling forever . newline newline i woke up in the infirmary . newline newline  ah , you are awake . you know , you are quite fortunate . do you know how lucky you are to still be alive .  newline newline  actually yes , i watched everybody else s luck run out but my luck , my luck was in the millions .  i don  t know , mom . it  s hard to say who did it . all i  m saying is that there wasn  t really enough evidence to convict the poor bastard.  the phone shifted on my shoulder , threatening to fall into the sink . the sudden movement spared me most of what sounded like another racist remark from my mother . newline newline  mm hm ,  i responded . the can of spaghetti rings i was wrestling with finally conceded . i chucked the lid in the trash and dumped the contents into a white foam bowl . mom droned on . newline newline  hey , i  m gon na eat this terrible spaghetti and get on some homework ,  i interrupted . i licked a few drops of rogue sauce off of my finger as she said her goodbyes and tossed in a few more off color remarks about the murder case we were debating , and then one about my diet . newline newline  i will . i  ll hit the farmer  s market tomorrow . love you too . i know , i know . sun  s going down though , running out of time to finish this paper.  newline newline homework . i wished i was lying about that instead of the farmer  s market . only one thing would lessen the blow of eating canned pasta and writing a report biology class . beer . newline newline carefully balancing the precious spaghetti rings in one hand , i grabbed a couple of bottles of pale ale with my free hand and made my way to my bedroom . after arranging my feast on my desk i fell into my comfy , beaten black computer chair and leaned back . newline newline i popped open a beer , using the side of my computer desk . several little scuffs from similar situations glared back at me from the wood , accusing me . no regrets . sanity is more important than a cherry finish . college could be tedious at times . newline newline i washed back the first bite of bland pasta with a swig of pale ale . not bad . it was more likely that i was just getting used to it , however . newline newline as i shook my mouse to awaken the ancient slumbering beast that was my desktop , i could have sworn that i heard a voice . it sounded like a foreign language , and i couldn  t even piece together where it came from . newline newline a minute later i took another bite , just after microsoft word booted up . this time the voice was louder , and i understood a little bit of it . something about food . precooked food . newline newline now i was freaking out . i looked around my room , and even ventured out into the living room and see if i had left my flat screen on . nothing . i looked around the rest of the house , but nothing caught my attention . newline newline as i sat back at my computer desk , i noticed the sun was still showing through the blinds . shaking my head , i turned back to my monitor . i guess i had more time left in the day than i thought . newline newline precooked food will be readily available newline newline spaghetti rings showered my desk as i spat out my latest mouthful , startled by the thundering voice emanating from my walls . i looked around and still saw nothing . the only movements in my small bedroom belonged to the spaghetti rings slowly sliding down my monitor , leaving little orangered trails behind them . newline the light was getting brighter outside of my window . i hesitated for a few more moments , then i stood up and walked over to it . no need to rush things . neighbor might have just put up some ridiculous christmas lights early . that happens in october sometimes . newline newline i spun the blinds and peeped out . the sun was a bit higher than usual , and cascading right through my window . i blinked , and turned away . newline newline all right . homework . more beer . maybe that was a bad batch of spaghetti rings . the voice couldn  t be real . newline newline gathering my thoughts as best i could , i strode back into the kitchen . before i could make it the fridge , the kitchen window caught my eyes . there was the sun , peeking right through it . newline newline on the east side of my house . newline newline i jerked the blind cord all the way down and stared outside . there was the sun , mocking me from a completely different direction . i barely registered my cheating neighbor kissing her boyfriend goodbye on her front porch , ushering him out before her husband arrived . newline newline people will take vows and break them newline newline i was on my way outside before the disembodied voice finished . i slammed my screen door behind me and immediately looked to the sky . three suns . no , four . fuck , was that one behind the park  s tree line ? newline newline these are the sins of this earth newline newline after a few seconds of dumbfounded gazing , i noticed i was still clutching a beer . i took a long drink . it was getting pretty damn hot outside . newline newline people will become addicted to intoxicating drugs and drinks newline newline i flipped the empty beer bottle into my yard and looked up at one of the suns . newline  fuck you.  newline newline people will all use hard and vulgar language newline newline yes .  newline  really ? you are nt joking or , or messing with me ? like , you will actually go out with me ?  newline  of course richard ! i would never joke about something like that .  newline as the feeling of acceptance , of victory , swept over him after so long a wait , time seemed to slow down . in fact it was slowing down , and richard s heart sank as he realized that this decision was no exception . he felt a twisting feeling in his stomach , and his vision went out of focus . becoming clear , he was walking past judith like any other day . he felt a pang of pain that he could nt again muster the courage needed to ask her . then time sped up . days , weeks , years later , he hovered behind her , not floating and not walking . a strange man stood in front of her , awkward and uncomfortable looking , very much like himself in a way . he looked as though he wanted to be swallowed up by the ground as he casually invited her to a movie . she , smiling and confident quietly and respectfully said yes , and the pain on his face was replaced with shock . after she began to giggle , he smiled and laughed , asking what time he should pick her up . time sped up once again , this time only a few hours . the young men entered a run down apartment . the ghost saw a gun on the nightstand , with several notes placed below . after ripping up the notes and flushing them down the toilet , he walked into the backyard and began to dig a hole . covering the gun with dirt , he walked back inside a look of relief on his face . all at once the world twisted , time flying before his very eyes and the world pulling back in front of him , and there he was standing in front of judith .the ascension of man newline newline they were insane . every last one of them . every single human was insane . not that they could help it , they were born that way . born with a mind that bent at the whims of emotion , and a body that pestered them with desires and volition . they were insane and that meant they were broken , and anderson would be their cure . newline newline he would nt be humanity s cure because he had feelings for it . no , nothing that primitive . it was true that he had once been human , but other than as a reference to his physical form , that term was no longer appropriate . anderson would be humanity s cure because curing it would restore order . and he d administer the cure by disposing of life . life was wrong . it did nt follow the right rules . it was a glitch . newline newline his body picked up the syringe and pushed in the daily injection . he did nt have to think about it though , he had previously instructed his body to do it at precisely the right time in precisely the right way , so his body did it . the drug was a modified version of what they d given him back at the military hospital . meant to enhance a person s every ability . one day he d been administered an incorrectly prepared dose , and that was the day when it only enhanced the right abilities . after he d escaped he d been faced with the challenge of synthesizing the drug himself . it was nt easy at first : when he was still too human . but every dose allowed him to shed off another imperfection , and soon he was able to simply pull the right strings and the drug would synthesize itself . newline newline anderson could do that in his sleep now , not that he ever needed to sleep . something as simple as pulling the strings to synthesize a drug was trivial . each day the bulk of his consciousness was spent feeling for the strings that bunched and tangled with life . each entanglement was unique , but there was a pattern , and once he knew that pattern life would be fixed . then it would just be one simple pull to untangle it , and everything would fall back into a state of order . newline newline a presence approached . or rather , a disturbance . he could sense the disturbance , but not what was causing it . that had never happened before . for the first time in days , anderson opened his eyes . newline newline standing in front of him was the figure of a man . but anderson knew that the form was harbouring something else : no human could shield itself from the strings . newline newline  i m not shielded from the strings anderson ,  the man spoke ,  i m simply not connected .  newline newline anderson pulled in more of his consciousness to make sense of that statement . not connected ? that was an impossibility . he preformed a quick check of all the strings in the area , and new evidence forced him to reach a new conclusion . newline newline  no . you are not connected .  anderson replied . newline newline  how does that make you ... feel ?  the man had let the corners of his lips turn upwards before putting emphasis on the last word . newline newline there was a change in pressure . the strings tensed , slackened , and bent . anderson physically recoiled . his mind , had been attacked , and a crease had been made . this thing had affected the strings without even touching them . a hint of emotion grew from the crease . he felt uncomfortable . newline newline  i do not feel .  anderson lied ,  you may leave .  and this time anderson attacked . he pulled the strings back , and then forced them inwards towards the disturbance like knives . newline newline each one rebounded , shattered like glass , and the reverberations shook the room . very close , anderson sensed the symphony of snaps . he crumpled in his chair . his mind was a mess , strings hanging and twisting around it . he was losing order . newline newline  you should have known this would happen ,  the man spoke as he leaned over anderson s body ,  in its love for balance the universe embraces opposites . you created me .  newline newline through gasps for air anderson spoke while frantically repairing the damaged strings .  you ... hid ... from me .  newline newline  i did . i waited until you were ready . but you must nt wait any longer , for i will never hide from you again .  newline newline and with that , anderson felt an embrace . the broken strings of anderson s mind were pulled out and into the blank space that was the other man . chaos met order , the strings vibrated impossibly , and everything went white . newline newline ... newline newline noone quite knew where he came from , but somehow it did nt matter . at the end of his long life he would be remembered as the most powerful leader who ever walked the earth , but never once was he considered a tyrant . he was responsible for equalizing disparity , destroying the borders between nations , and bringing about the new age . he had taught humanity how to be in touch with itself , and how to navigate its inner turmoil . indeed , he had taught the glitch of life how to live with itself . newline newline he had been the cure .artificial intelligence was our greatest achievement . it had taken decades of toil , the combined effort of countless minds and cooperation at a scale never seen before but we did it eventually . or so my parents tell me anyway . newline newline mama was 25 and papa 27 when it happened . they said the news channels went wild and it was all people talked about for weeks . for years they had been promised that this would be  humanity s greatest and last ever invention  . after all , a general ai that can teach itself can be used to build just about anything else . newline newline thanks to the power of exponential growth , ai took over humans in every sector imaginable . mathematical equations that had been previously unsolved were cracked . infrastructure was designed and created by virtual brains that could run limitless simulations and calculate precise solutions to problems with uncountable variables . newline newline humans had long since anticipated this  ai revolution  , but the speed at which it had actually occurred was astonishing . people lost their jobs overnight and many were left clueless with what to do with their lives . despite all the good that ai brought , it had robbed humanity of the one thing it craved the most . a purpose . newline newline soon after , the revolts began . protests sprang up like wildfire across the world threatening leaders and questioning where humanity was headed . when their power was threatened , it did nt take long for the leaders to cave . they decreed that the future was too uncertain and that they needed to see where the ai road would lead us before unleashing it further . newline newline that s how the simulator came about . at age 18 , all living humans were given the option to take part in the largest experiment in human history . no one knew what went on in the simulator  the agreement was that the simulator would go untouched for 50 years so we could learn what ai would morph into when left on its own . newline newline the funny thing about humans is that they never appreciate what they have until its gone . when ai first arrived , it was on track to solving issues that had plagued the world for years , such as resource distribution and sustainable energy . everyone knew ai was helping us , but we were so in awe of its power we grew to fear it . conveniently , no one seems to remembers the fear anymore . newline newline everyone in the real world spoke about the simulator with an air of nostalgia , imagining it to be a perfect utopia where humans get their every need tended to . meanwhile , the real world remains plagued with petty issues and humans are once again stuck in the rut they once were in . it s no wonder not a single 18 year old has chosen to stay in the real world . newline newline my parents encouraged me to enter the simulator as well . so did my friends , relatives and all mainstream media . they knew they had wasted their opportunity , and they all encouraged me to cherish this chance i was privileged to have . i would always smile wryly and look away when they said that . if only they knew . newline newline i had been in the simulator before . i had seen what ai had done to the poor humans sent in . the human s fears had been right . the enslaved dystopia of suffering was the exact opposite of the paradise humans imagined the simulator to be . power always corrupts , they said . turns out it was true for machines as well . newline newline today i became the first human to reject the simulator . it was a decision that sparked quite a bit of shock . nonetheless , i had my reasons . no one seemed to understand why on earth i made the decision i did . but they soon would . newline newline when i feel asleep that night i returned to the simulator in my dreams . it was as if i never left . when i saw my body in the pod , its eyes widened in horror . there were so many needles and tubes sticking into every inch of exposed skin it was impossible to know we were the same . the mangled and sorry state of it would evoke sympathy in anyone , yet i could feel none . newline newline i turned and walked over to the the red telephone booth behind me . lifting the receiver , i said ,  it worked . they think i m one of them .   good . we ll upload the latest plans to you now .  the voice from the receiver replied . newline newline newlinebob shouted out to the office  newline newline  who the hell keeps trying to print out copies of the necronomicon ?  newline newline dave rolled his eyes and got up from his desk , he hated being the guy who had to sit next to this infernal machine . newline newline  what is it this time ?  asked dave . newline newline bob held out pages of something that looked like bleeding heavy metal album covers . newline newline  this bullshit is getting printed again ,  said bob . newline newline dave examined the papers and sighed , this had been going on all week . newline newline  this printer is bluetoothed is nt it ?  asked bob ,  i ll bet some teenager with a tablet is accessing it from offsight somewhere and printing this as a joke . is nt this printer password protected ?  newline newline  i thought it was ,  said dave as he got on the phone to the it department . newline newline  hello it .  newline newline  frank , it s dave again , this fuckin printer is printing nonsense again ,  said dave newline newline  what is it this time ?  asked frank . newline newline  ah some god damn bullshit apocalyptic nonsense . it looks like tim lahaye on acid ,  said dave . newline newline  have you tried turning it off and on ?  asked frank . newline newline  hold on ,  said dave . newline newline dave reached over to the printer and flicked the on off switch . this caused the printer to violently judder and spray blood . newline newline  cripes , now the ink cartridge is acting up !  said dave ,  it s leaking red ink all over the bloody place !  newline newline  red ink ? that printer is nt even supposed to have colour ! some idiot put the wrong cartridge inside , no wonder it s acting up ,  said frank . newline newline bob , who was standing closest to the printer , got angry with the printer spraying blood all over him and he pulled an axe out of a nearby fire hose cabinet and smashed the printer to pieces . newline newline  god damn that thing ! this shirt was a hoffstetter !  bob shouted in anger . newline newline  hold up , frank , bob just went all lizzie borden on the printer ,  said dave . newline newline  yeah , it does nt matter ,  said frank ,  sounds like the printer was fucked anyway . if you put the wrong cartridge the heads get permanently fucked up , you ca nt fix that .  newline newline  figures ,  said dave .tl  dr :  the sentence reads  could you please isolate the samples of titin  but i m going to use the true name of titin  a muscle protein  . it is the longest actual word in the english language , and takes 3.5 hours to pronounce  does anyone want to try ?  . gods of biochem help me . newline newline edit : for your shits and giggles , someone who actually attempted to pronounce this word . https : www.youtube.comwatch ? vnfradakic newline newline newline       newline newline could you please isolate the samples of methionylalanylthreonylserylarginylglycylalanylserylarginylcysteinylproly newline larginylaspartylisoleucylalanylasparaginylvalylmethionylglutaminylarginyl newline leucylglutaminylaspartylglutamylglutaminylglutamylisoleucylvalylglutaminy newline llysylarginylthreonylphenylalanylthreonyllysyltryptophylisoleucylasparagi newline nylserylhistidylleucylalanyllysylarginyllysylprolylprolylmethionylvalylva newline lylaspartylaspartylleucylphenylalanylglutamylaspartylmethionyllysylaspart newline ylglycylvalyllysylleucylleucylalanylleucylleucylglutamylvalylleucylserylg newline lycylglutaminyllysylleucylprolylcysteinylglutamylglutaminylglycylarginyla newline rginylmethionyllysylarginylisoleucylhistidylalanylvalylalanylasparaginyli newline soleucylglycylthreonylalanylleucyllysylphenylalanylleucylglutamylglycylar newline ginyllysylisoleucyllysylleucylvalylasparaginylisoleucylasparaginylserylth newline reonylaspartylisoleucylalanylaspartylglycylarginylprolylserylisoleucylval newline ylleucylglycylleucylmethionyltryptophylthreonylisoleucylisoleucylleucylty newline rosylphenylalanylglutaminylisoleucylglutamylglutamylleucylthreonylserylas newline paraginylleucylprolylglutaminylleucylglutaminylserylleucylserylserylseryl newline alanylserylserylvalylaspartylserylisoleucylvalylserylserylglutamylthreony newline lprolylserylprolylprolylseryllysylarginyllysylvalylthreonylthreonyllysyli newline soleucylglutaminylglycylasparaginylalanyllysyllysylalanylleucylleucyllysy newline ltryptophylvalylglutaminyltyrosylthreonylalanylglycyllysylglutaminylthreo newline nylglycylisoleucylglutamylvalyllysylaspartylphenylalanylglycyllysylserylt newline ryptophylarginylserylglycylvalylalanylphenylalanylhistidylserylvalylisole newline ucylhistidylalanylisoleucylarginylprolylglutamylleucylvalylaspartylleucyl newline glutamylthreonylvalyllysylglycylarginylserylasparaginylarginylglutamylasp newline araginylleucylglutamylaspartylalanylphenylalanylthreonylisoleucylalanylgl newline utamylthreonylglutamylleucylglycylisoleucylprolylarginylleucylleucylaspar newline tylprolylglutamylaspartylvalylaspartylvalylaspartyllysylprolylaspartylglu newline tamyllysylserylisoleucylmethionylthreonyltyrosylvalylalanylglutaminylphen newline ylalanylleucyllysylhistidyltyrosylprolylaspartylisoleucylhistidylasparagi newline nylalanylserylthreonylaspartylglycylglutaminylglutamylaspartylaspartylglu newline tamylisoleucylleucylprolylglycylphenylalanylprolylserylphenylalanylalanyl newline asparaginylserylvalylglutaminylasparaginylphenylalanyllysylarginylglutamy newline laspartylarginylvalylisoleucylphenylalanyllysylglutamylmethionyllysylvaly newline ltryptophylisoleucylglutamylglutaminylphenylalanylglutamylarginylaspartyl newline leucylthreonylarginylalanylglutaminylmethionylvalylglutamylserylasparagin newline ylleucylglutaminylaspartyllysyltyrosylglutaminylserylphenylalanyllysylhis newline tidylphenylalanylarginylvalylglutaminyltyrosylglutamylmethionyllysylargin newline yllysylglutaminylisoleucylglutamylhistidylleucylisoleucylglutaminylprolyl newline leucylhistidylarginylaspartylglycyllysylleucylserylleucylaspartylglutamin newline ylalanylleucylvalyllysylglutaminylseryltryptophylaspartylarginylvalylthre newline onylserylarginylleucylphenylalanylaspartyltryptophylhistidylisoleucylglut newline aminylleucylaspartyllysylserylleucylprolylalanylprolylleucylglycylthreony newline lisoleucylglycylalanyltryptophylleucyltyrosylarginylalanylglutamylvalylal newline anylleucylarginylglutamylglutamylisoleucylthreonylvalylglutaminylglutamin newline ylvalylhistidylglutamylglutamylthreonylalanylasparaginylthreonylisoleucyl newline glutaminylarginyllysylleucylglutamylglutaminylhistidyllysylaspartylleucyl newline leucylglutaminylasparaginylthreonylaspartylalanylhistidyllysylarginylalan newline ylphenylalanylhistidylglutamylisoleucyltyrosylarginylthreonylarginylseryl newline valylasparaginylglycylisoleucylprolylvalylprolylprolylaspartylglutaminyll newline eucylglutamylaspartylmethionylalanylglutamylarginylphenylalanylhistidylph newlinepolice police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police police etc . i wonder if you could possibly answer this simple question , horseman ,  said a hollow voice behind him . it was the only voice besides that of apocalypse himself that could actually send chills down blight  s spine . newline newline  what are you doing in my realm , and what gave you and your master the right to come here ?  newline newline blight whirled around to see the unmistakable , wraithlike form of death himself . newline newline  you !  he bellowed , taking a step back . the aura around death seemed to radiate nearly as much as power as apocalypse , perhaps an equal amount . but while the feeling one got from apocalypse  s presence was one of widespread destruction and devastation , death  s was far more subtle , and just as unnerving . death was about simply that : death . it was not about rending one  s head from his body . not about ripping someone in half . newline newline no , it was about simply negating him from existence . blanking him out , going back to the archives of all that existed and tearing his name out . it was so . personal , it made him feel so mortal , that in an instant the horseman realized exactly why apocalypse had warned him against the council member . newline newline a small shrub was growing on the ground next to him . as death brushed by it , it immediatley lost all color and began to rot away . in the air around him , blight began to see other wraiths , strange spirits flitting around and disappearing , only to reappear behind blight himself . there were sounds , strange cries echoing from the bizarre entities that surrounded their master . newline newline there was a reason why death was considered the most feared member still on the council in higher circles of entities of blight  s power , not that there were many . it was because the army he commanded was the largest in history . that was because he commanded every army in history , and they obeyed him unquestionably . but blight was surprised not to have encountered more of his servants . it seemed like death had made it his business to confront blight and send a message to apocalypse . newline newline for blight had taken apocalypse  s word to heart . his words were caught in his throat as the wraith wafted closer to him ever so slowly . for the first time in his existence , he knew what true fear was . he was paralyzed . he knew deep down that men who ran from death were fools . once death decided to find you , it was better to get it over with . newline newline still , he tried . he screamed and fired off a gigantic sphere of pure white energy right in death  s face . it slammed into the wraith  s head , momentarily throwing his hood back before it simply passed off into the distance . for that milisecond when blight saw the council member  s identity , his true face , he was sapped of all resistance . he went pale . newline newline death pulled his hood forward calmly , and reached over with his hand . his index finger touched blight  s shoulder , and he could feel his pulse begin to weaken . his vision grew hazy , and for a moment , his heart began to thump extra fast before slowing down imperceptibly . he couldn  t think clearly , so he couldn  t even move away to escape death  s touch . newline newline he knew it was coming . it was a sensation he had never felt before , and he was glad he would never feel it again . just as he felt his lungs seize up , refusing to draw one more labored breath , he heard a voice he could have never been more glad to hear . newline newline  move away , death . your business is with me . not my horseman.  newline open this gate .  the mage s cold voice rang out , clear across the square . newline newline  i m sorry sir , but by order of the king ...  the guard trailed off as the mage s eyes started glowing . everyone had magic , and everyone could use it , but it was their lifeforce . no one drew on it without thinking , for there was no way to recover it . newline newline  open . the . gate . i am a foreigner in this city , and i wish to leave .  newline newline  i ca nt .  the guard s reply was cracked , and almost whispered . as the glow in the mage s eyes brightened , he stumbled back , screaming .  no ! i swear it . i physically ca nt open the gate ! no one can ! the king wills it to remain shut , and it does !  newline newline the voice that followed was layered with deep and powerful magic .  it remains shut no more .  newline newline the gate groaned , the large slabs of metal and stone seemed to flex . then , all of a sudden , they burst outwards . the mage could have used a simpler spell , one that simply opened the gate , but he completely destroyed it . the slabs broke into chunks , the chunks into shards , them into smaller shards , and the smallest of shards broke into dust , which floated away on the wind . the gate was no more . the mage dropped to his knee , a large portion of his life used up to destroy the gate , and everyone just stood there , unable to hide their awe . newline newline slowly , the mage stood back up to his full height . his face had paled , and his voice wavered a little as he spoke again . newline newline  if any among you are tired of living under the thumb of a ruler who shuts off his own city , you may come with me , and never again live in the shadow of his terror .  newline newline his words were simple , so they moved many . his voice was shaking , no matter how powerful a magic he had just wielded , he was still a human , just like them . he had been willing to sacrifice that much of his own power , to remove a symbol of oppression from the world entirely , now only notable for its absence . this had promoted him to the rank of a hero of the people . he walked , haltingly , through the hole in the wall , and was followed , not immediately , but later , by those who hated their lives within the walls . people from all walks of life had followed him , including those sworn to the service of his royal majesty . newline newline they caught him by nightfall , and they camped together overnight . he told tales of his homeland , and what they were leaving the cruelty for . he told them of freedom , which they had gained by leaving . he warned them that their lives would not be easy , but they would at least be their own . none turned back . they all pledged to carry on , with him , and to make sure that he did nt have to waste any more of his lifeforce on the journey . eventually , only a few people were left awake , they claimed that they would keep watch , but eventually , sleep claimed them too . newline newline dawn came , and with it , a lone figure striding towards the camp . he was dressed in a cloak of purple , a black shirt and trousers , lined with silver , an ornate belt , from which hung an elegant sword . his long , golden hair was almost allowed to fall as it naturally would . it was constrained , ever so slightly , at the top of his head , by a crown of gold , diamonds , rubies , and sapphires set along it . he came with the grace of a monarch , and the rage of a dragon . he had expended a lot of energy , long ago , to keeping that gate shut . newline newline the mage went to meet him , wearing the same brightly coloured clothes that any peasant might , no weapon upon him , no crown upon his head , and his messy dark hair bound , as best it could be , behind his head . his skin was no longer paled from his efforts , his gait was normal . the two met a hundred paces from the camp , where none could hear them . newline newline  so , the new king comes to meet me himself ...  the king commented drily . his voice was clearly on accustomed to commanding his lessers . newline newline  no new king , i m afraid . i have nt the ambition to become such . i was nt trying to dethrone you . i was nt trying to overthrow the kingdom . i was just trying to get back home .  newline newline  it matters not , what you were trying to do , but rather what you managed to do . do you see ? you must have snuck into my city in the dead of night , over the walls , thinking that you would be able to simply leave during the day if you wished . you were around long enough that you disagreed with my style of reign , and you decided that you would leave with a commotion , so that all could see the one who cast their chains off . you may not have meant to try to overthrow my kingdom , but you most certainly did try to overthrow me .  newline newline the mage was silent . the king s speech had made sense . normally , he would nt have reacted in such a manner , but this time , he could nt bear to see the king s atrocities continue . newline newline  i see that you are beginning to understand your position , so i shall give you this advice , from one king to another . these people are now loyal to you . you would figure this out sooner or later , but there is a rule , never told to the commoners , about magic . if a person truly gives you their loyalty , a small fraction of their lifeforce will flow from them to you , and will keep you alive as long as people believe in you . it is why i have ruled so long , and become so cynical , and why most of the captains of my guard have nt even considered leaving . they ve been around almost as long as i have .  newline newline  why tell me this ?  newline newline  because , it would not do to have you attack me . i am hoping that your gratitude , your sense of honour , and what logic you possess will tell you that i should not be attacked . leave me and mine alone , and i shall extend the same courtesy to you . do we have a deal ?  the kings tone was dangerous as he asked the last question . newline newline the mage thought about it . he sighed . newline newline  i need make no such deal . you are afraid of me , and the people i have rescued from you . no , you do nt want me to attack you , but you wo nt risk losing everyone s loyalty by ordering your men to attack their family and friends . but do nt worry , your mind may have turned to war , but i think only of peace . i will not attack you , not as things stand , but nor will i be your ally , implicitly or no . please , leave us now . we have many leagues to cover before we come t these people s new home .  newline newline the king snorted softly , and shook his head .  foolish boy . you do nt realise how dangerous of an enemy i can be . however , i must consolidate my kingdom before i can turn my mind , and armies , towards such a goal . goodbye , your majesty .  the last two words were twisted and ugly . newline newline the two turned from each other , the king walking through empty fields towards the city , and the mage towards his new people , and his home .on most days , frey lived with his nannies in a rural bungalow on the far side of io . but frey and his dad came to new new york for all their vacations . it was a large sprawling city with so much happening , but frey wondered why they never went anywhere else . it took frey until he was five to realise this was because his dad worked here . newline newline newline  must be nice to be so tall  , frey said to new new york  s lady liberty when he was seven and still very short . that was literally what she was called , the tall , blue crystalline statue that was an exact replica of its sister from the now extinct earth . except for its colour , that was . the ionians were a nostalgic bunch . newline newline newline a few years later , she walked herself twelve blocks down the street and planted herself in front of city hall , hacked by a group of vigilantes . they made her pull up her dress and fart right in the mayor  s office window  the fart was potent nitric oxide . this was perhaps the most creative assassination attempt in the history of mankind  . by the time the city engineers figured out how to override her and get her where she needed to be , the videos had gone viral at the speed of light across the solar system . newline newline newline after that she was a bit more quiet . newline newline newline when they were fourteen , frey and his buddies came back to the city after ditching school , still in their smart day suits . frey was the only one who  d been to new new york before so he felt really cool . they graffitied the shit out of lady blue liberty with a surprising variety of artful renditions of penises and lewd comments about the judies , who were the girls who went to the catholic school right across the road from theirs . newline newline newline mindy da bicycle  pls let frey have more rides newline newline mr and mrs r newline newline aja loves the d newline newline it won  t sukk itself delilah newline newline wher r da sex robots ? ! newline newline newline and etc . newline newline newline by the next day , the statue would self repair itself . technology solved the problem of graffiti a little too well . it made new new york very boring compared to the photos of videos of the old one . newline newline newline lady blue liberty , it was said , had a million long range cameras and microphones on her skin , and was made of a  smart  crystal that could move better than the human muscle and skeletal structures . newline newline newline frey graduated high school with passable grades . his obsession with mindy and her cycling abilities had waned in favour of trying to figure out a way to leave home . newline newline newline they all got drunk in the city and went for a final graffiti session around the good old lady  s ankles . frey sprayed something cheesy about growing up and trying to catch a shuttle away from home and then passed out , lady blue liberty  s  smart  gown flapping around him . crazy how real the material felt . newline newline newline when he woke up , he was staring at a blue , marbley eye with no pupils . it was the size of his entire body . his lungs felt squeezed in . with a jolt , frey realised he was a hundred feet off the ground , and that large blue fingers were holding him from his feet to his chest , his arms pinned to his sides . newline newline newline a pleasant , female voice started talking . newline newline newline  hello frey . you are the mayor  s son , correct ?  newline newline newline the statue  s lips didn  t move . newline newline newline frey vomited all over her fingers . the vomit was absorbed in a millisecond by the smart polymer she was made of . newline newline newline fuck . newline newline newline  my name is liberty . hello frey.  newline newline newline  hi.  frey managed . newline newline newline this could get ugly . newline newline newline  hello , mr mayor . you must be listening in right now . here are our demands . first , safe release and diplomatic immunity to all arrested members of the jupiter project . second , a shuttle with five million ion dollars by noon . third oh my , you will enjoy this ! we would like i m getting sick of it . newline newline every time , every single time i get in this car , something ridiculous happens . i m an honest man , trying to make an honest living , and i have to put up with this . for some reason , every hardboiled detective , fugitive space warrior , and mobsterwithaheartofgold chooses this cab . newline newline i ll be sitting there , waiting for a fare  a normal fare  and along they ll come . all i want is a nice old lady who needs to go to the shops , or a couple heading for the airport for a romantic break . but no  i get the secret agents with armoured briefcases , and plucky reporters who have a  complicated  relationship with a superhero . newline newline it s all  follow that car  and  step on it  , and then off we go on a ridiculous car chase . newline newline in the past three weeks , i have driven through fourteen large barns , each time coming out surrounded by squawking chickens . i have jumped a missing section of road eight times . and i have been punched by a masked ninja standing on the hood of my car six times . the doctor says my nose will never fully straighten . newline newline it s not good for my blood pressure , i can tell you . every day is another highspeed race through downtown tokyo , or megacity prime . i do nt know how we get there  i live in bradford . yet suddenly , we ll turn a corner and be speeding through some hightech hellscape in a hover car . newline newline and it s never a peaceful place , either . the most relaxing so far was a mountain road  i think it was the swiss alps , or somewhere . lovely scenery . but two minutes after we get there , i m having to swerve to dodge rockets and accelerating full tilt at a nazi helicopter . the squarejawed fella in the cowboy hat was nt helping , either  he kept shouting at me to  hold her steady  while he lobbed grenades and flirted with some russian bird . newline newline i m alive , so far . i ve been shot at , stabbed , set on fire by a terminator . precognitive cops shot out one of the tires , and i ended up with whiplash . whiplash that is never going to heal if i keep on ending up in hansom cab on the trail of the gang of four . newline newline nerves of steel , i m telling you . that s what you need to have . and i ve been trying to develop them , but it s hard to build your courage when you are constantly scared shitless . i thought i had a handle on it , but then it was all  red leader , standing by  , and i was hurtling towards something that definitely was nt a moon in a giant letter . the git in the back s constant beeping was not an aid to my concentration . newline newline it does nt even pay that well . every time the journey finishes , all i get is a handful of money and a gravelly  keep the change  . half the time , it s not even legal tender  it ll be a bunch of imperial credits , florins , or conflict diamonds . what am i meant to do with them ? and even when it is real , modern money , it s never enough . not for the journey , and the petrol  do you have any idea how much starship fuel costs ?  , and the cleaning fees . you try getting pterodactyl blood out of a grille without professional help . newline newline i thought it was too good a deal to be true . 300 for a car  in good working order  with one careful owner and all the modern conveniences . nobody mentioned that it would send me all over time and space to be shot at by aliens and savage tribesmen . or that i d never get to enjoy the digital radio and selfcleaning windscreen because sometimes it turns into a wicker chariot or a uboat . newline newline i d like to sell it , really i would . but every time i get in to drive to the dealership , someone flings open one of the back doors and off we go . i ve tried telling them to get out , that i m not taking fares , but they do nt listen . the last one just laughed at me , and kept calling me  chaz  . newline newline i tell you what , i m never buying a stuntman s car again . newline newline                                    newline newline newline newline newline newline i do nt have a fancy writing subreddit , but i ve got more stories  here   https : inconsistentpacing.wordpress.comfiction  . newlinei am still young , and yet i managed to convince myself that i have experienced love several times towards members of the opposite sex . newline newline how laughable . newline newline i know now , despite my youth , that love is nt something that happen all on its own and that it comes from an accumulation of emotional exchanges , however simple they may be . i can say now that i have never loved a boy , man , or other romantic partner . i have had crushes and strong infatuations , but never true love . newline newline because that s what counts , right ? true love . it s what all the fairy tales and love stories are talking about . it s about sacrifice , and affection , and it s about giving a damn about someone other than yourself . so , no , i have never experienced true love in a romantic setting , but i do know what it is , because i feel it towards the people i care about most in my life . newline newline i love my parents , for having raised me , for being there when i needed their support , for telling me the things i did nt necessarily want to hear but needed to , for kicking my ass when i deserved it , for giving a damn . newline newline i love my dogs , for showing me what unconditional affection was , for giving me a reason to smile even on the worst day , for being happy just because they could , for allowing me to feel the grief of losing something you love , for giving a damn . newline newline i love my best friends , for listening to everything i tell them , for being a shoulder for me to cry on , for telling me i m being stupid , for showing me how awesome i can be , for fighting with me and letting everything be fine again the next day , for giving a damn . newline newline i love myself , for greeting each day with an honest smile , for liking myself despite my faults , for taking responsibility for the creation of those faults , for caring about the happiness and wellbeing of others , for pulling through those dark days , for giving a fucking damn . newline newline so here s all i have to say : go out there , and give a damn .it s midnight ... and i ve got school tomorrow . halfasleep , i reached my hand over for the controller , which i promptly dropped on the floor . newline newline i had been up all night watching anime all night  binging on a singular series again . newline newline on the floor , was the wiki image of one of the characters i was attempting to draw while there was light . newline newline just as i was falling asleep , the dialog seemed to have increased in volume . newline opening my eyes to peer , i saw nothing . newline newline i quickly dismissed it , and faded into darkness . newline newline   newline newline warmth suddenly hit me in my moment of darkness . it s day time  time to wake up . newline newline i then heard feet shuffling around , almost as if a crowd had gathered around to watch me sleep ... ahem . wake up . newline newline suddenly , i heard a familiar voice . newline newline  oh look . it s a kid .  said one . newline newline  i think he looks like a kid like us .  said another , sounding slightly more mature than the squeaky first . newline newline  hey ! that looks like me !  said the first voice , only with the slight scruffling of the paper being picked up . newline newline i felt a large claw bone feeling against my head . feeling , not stabbing ... and that it did nt feel very sharp at all . newline newline  is he awake ?  said a funny sounding voice . newline newline i m pretty much sure they re completely fictional . i opened my eyes and shocking said after a couple of seconds of blank looks and yawning : newline newline  oh mother of   how did you get out of the anime ?  newline newline they all stared blankly at me . newline newline  what anime ?  a tall girl hissed  asked  . newline newline the tv was paused , and the photo still were missing a few characters . newline newline this was then made more awkward when i heard my sister screamed : newline newline  you re not a soft toy ! what are you ?  newline newline i guess one of the creatures that i saw missing on the tv spoke like it did in the anime . newline newline it s like the events of one of its feature films  extendedepisodesmovie  , only with the protagonists caught in the mix . newline newline      newline newline this is my first attempt at prompt writing at 2am in the morning . newline try to guess which anime i was talking about .it s the funny how life does things for you . as soon as i saw his face , i instantly recognized him . the look on his face was the exact same that night he killed my wife and only child . it was the look of despair . newline newline you might be wondering why i did nt give the cops an accurate description so that this bastard would have been caught . it s a simple answer . it s because i ve known this man all my life . of course i would know who he is because he s my older brother . when he stormed into my house that night , i was sleeping on the couch . i was jolted awake by the sudden loud noise . luckily i left the lights on so i saw his face . he paled when he saw mine .  dear god , i prayed it was nt going to be your house .  i did nt understand what he meant . at least not at the moment . newline newline me and my older brother thomas had never been close . he left home with mom right after high school and i have nt seen him or my mother since . it came to a bit of a shock when he appeared in my house that night with a shotgun in his hands .  what the hells wrong with you ?  i yelled at him . not because he had just broken down my door , but because of all the time that had passed . not one phone call or birthday card . he did nt even show up to my wedding which was a few years back . newline newline his eyes turned red as if he was about to tear up . he shook his head and pushed me out the way .  i m sorry , tim , but i have to do this .  he stormed into seven year old daughters room and shot her dead in her bed . not one time , not two times , but at least six times . i stood horrified as i watched my daughter die . my wife stormed out of our room and screamed . i did nt hesitate as thomas turned the gun on her . i grabbed thomas gun making him miss the shot at my wife .  you crazy motherfucker !  i cried out as a punched him square in his mouth . he stumbled back , but not very far . i was not the athletic child . newline newline  get out of the way !  he yelled back at me , brandishing a long knife from the inside of his coat jacket . he pushed me aside and turned back towards my wife . maybe it was just the height of the moment or maybe i did nt want to see , but the woman who thomas had charged was nt my wife . this thing was something else entirely . it was not human . not even close . i wo nt go into details because truthfully this a memory i d much rather forget . newline newline as i said i ran into my brother again . his eyes were horrified to see me . he tried to break loose of my tight grip and probably run . he probably thought i was angry . i was nt angry to see him , but i was nt really happy either . i smiled as pulled him into a hug . he was never big on physical contact , but at that moment i did nt care . i do nt know why i did it , but i just gave him my phone number and told him my new address before leaving . i did nt look back . no . i could nt look back . he was my brother and i loved him . he needed me a lot more than i realized , because any man who has the courage to leave his own family fight the monsters and demons who lurk their way into other people lives needs to have someone there to help .i have never in my life been so thirsty . i felt dry , barren , dusty . the worst . all of this just to prove a point ? what point though besides my own stupidity . i could have just owned up to it but no , i have a persona to keep up . newline newline sweet dripped down my face as i stared my best friend in the eyes . he looked about as hot as i did , but also as determined . the sun pounded down on us with vigor , heat and rays filtering down around us . our third friend hung off to the side grilling food . she whistled like nothing was going on . then again she was from warmer fares , could nt blame her for being so comfortable . newline newline an hour went before i broke . neither me or my friend could even eat our mouths were so dry . i broke , stood , and with the loudest voice by god almighty i shouted : newline newline  i neeeed iiiit ! the princess roared into the face of the thirty foot long dragon beneath her feet , she deliver brutal blow after brutal blow on the white scaled beast . the princess stopped her abused to laugh as the dragon held it s massive claws over its  face and sobbed . newline newline  pfft . look at you , whimpering like a scared child . what did you think , just because you did nt hurt anyone that i would nt come for you ? you know how this works , i stay here and a knight comes to kill you then we live happily ever after .  princess assi chuckled while rummanging her hand through the pile of seeds that were stacked in the corner . newline newline  where is your gold ?  assi growled , she was dressed from head to toe in enchanted jewerly that amplified her strength far beyond that of a simple dragon . newline newline  i do not collect gold ... i perfer seeds ...  the dragon let out a soft sob before continuing .  i plant them in spring so the outside of my cave is pretty .  newline newline  what kinda male are you ...  assi growled .  you are supposed to be katizar the pale dragon . what kinda threat at you .  newline newline katizar rolled to it s feet before backing away from the princess who intimidated it more than any orc .  i am female , i am not a threat . i  she turned as the sound of metal scraping on her floor brought both of the females attention to the knight . newline newline  terrible katizar ... i have come to end your reign of terror . i , sir william geltz , will be your end .  the armor knight said before approaching the dragon with his lance pointed at the creature . newline newline  help me please ! i do nt want to fight and i do nt want to die ! !  katizar said before lowering her head and looking up at the approaching knight . newline newline  is this some sort of trick ? fight me dragon , our duel shall be honorable and lengendary .  william said reaching for the dragon horns to lift her head up . newline newline  please take the princess and  katizar could nt finished the words before assi s fist connected with her jaw sending her skittering along the floor into the wall . newline newline  now while she is distracted ... kill her so we can be wed !  princess assi said . newline newline  mlady , that is dishonorable to strike a distracted opponent . i will not slay a hapless target .  william said while approaching the dragon who started to sob again and curled up into a ball of white scales . newline newline  katizar . do you not wish to duel ? is that not why you kidnapped the princess .  william said curiously . newline newline  no . she broke in while i was sorting my seeds for springs . now i do nt know which colors are which . the rainbow path is going to look weird this year .  katizar said referring to the road that streched from the kingdom to the great lake . newline newline  i thought the dryads planted the rainbow path . i used to walk the path as a kid and wondered why they did it ,  william said smiling under his helmet ,  but now is not the time for that you are a dragon that has terrorized the kingdom of almar . we must duel for it s safety .  newline newline katizar raised her head and looked the knight in the eyes , for the first time the dragon was genuinely anger .  excuse me , sir geltz . i plant the rainbow path , i till the land from my door to almar s gates . i have personally moved the goblin horde to a safer place away from your people . the only time i have broken anything was when i accidentally dropped a dire wolf on a barn . i fixed the barn myself . i am not evil and i would politely ask that you not accuse me of such .  newline newline  just kill her .  assi said behind the knight .  are you going to trust the words of a monster .  newline newline  i have fought many monsters and many dragons . i have yet to see a dragon lie . katizar ... why are you here ?  the knight asked setting down his spear and leaning against the wall .  dragon s are carnivores so you have to be eating something or someone .  newline newline  the door behind my pedistal is where i keep my food , open up the hole in the front and you ll see .  katizar said with a sigh ,  i only ask that you do nt release them , it was a pain to catch all of them .  newline newline sir geltz did as he was gasped before recoiling in fear ,  ghouls ... they bear the mark of the dread lord ... are you in league with the lich ? !  newline newline  no ! after your people defeated him , he came to me for aid to raise another army . i dispise the undead and their kind kills my plants so i ate him and stuffed his monsters in my larder . i am not the villian here . your princess wants me dead and i just want to live here and grow my flowers .  katizar rumbled . newline newline  enough talk i ll do it myself .  the princess grabbed the spear from the knight before leaped to the ceiling . she dive at the dragon with pure bloodlust in her eyes . newline newline katizar watched in horror as the princess plummed toward her , the dragon closed her eyes waiting for the pain but all she could hear was the nasty snap of bones . when she opened her eyes , she noticed that the princess was on the ground with her head at an unnatural angle while the knight look at his hands in horror . newline newline  iii i did nt mean to ... i was just trying to ... shit ... shit shit !  the knight sat on the ground in shock ,  i killed the princess , i only meant to stop her . i ...  william mumbled to himself before katizar strolled over to the princess who gurgle as the last of her life left her . newline newline  william , do you love the princess ?  katizar said somberly . newline newline  i do not i only wished save her for my king . i did nt mean to kill her , i m not a murderer , i only tried to be honorable .  william said as he watched the dragon peeled off seven scales before cutting open the princess and placing the scales inside of her body . her body quickly reknitted itself before her neck snapped back into place with a sickening crack . newline newline  princess assi , i have given you seventy years of my life . i only ask that you leave my tower and never return . with my scales inside of you , you will not die until those seventy years are expired or i am killed .  katizar gently lifted up the princess and tossed her out of an open window . newline newline william watched the body soar out of the window with a horrified expression on his face .  she will survive .  william asked as the dragon nodded . newline newline  i owe you a greater debt than i can ever repay , as i knight i must do a duty for your service before i can rejoin my king without regret .  william bowed . newline newline  oooh . the works nicely , will you marry me ?  katizar asked simply . newline newline  excuse me ? !  the knight said . newline newline  i wish for you hand in marriage , by almar law , the spouse of a noble or a knight is a citizen and is allowed to purchase land .  katizar said with a grin . newline newline  why do you want to buy land in my home ?  william said looking at the dragon with fear in his eyes . newline newline  the garden in the center of town annoys me , violets and roses do not go together and i wish to change that by buying it . also my home is in the borders of you kingdom , if you own it then that means i do nt get attacked by treasure hunters right ?  she frowned at the downcast expression of the knight . newline newline  will it help if i tell you that i m ok with you taking any number of concubines ? i know that my form might not be appealing to humans .  katizar said hopefully . newline newline  what about an heir ? who will take my house name ?  william said fearfully . newline newline  i can bear children of human blood , my brother is born of such a pairing . half dragons are nt common but most can pass for human .  katizar said .  it s a winwin .  newline newline william sighed ,  honor compels me to honor your request ...  newline newline  i m not cruel , my husband . simply think of me as a princess that you have saved .  katizar winked ...  do be kind to your young wife .  newline newline  surely you jest , i m going to be the laughing stock of bards for years .  william sighed ,  i ll go fetch a priest ...  newline newline  thank you dear .  katizar rumbled with a smile full of sharp teeth . newline newline  do nt push it .  the knight said as he stomped away with a sour expression on his face .another day . they come by , snap pictures , kids point . some scream . it s annoying really . the captivity is nt that bad i guess , but the people ? where do these things come from ? so fat . so uneducated . they never have control of their offspring . do the adults realize that flash photography does nt help in the daylight , behind glass ? morons . newline newline the purple ones are the worst . loud , obnoxious , and they always have four or five kids that they look like they ca nt afford . the green ones are nice enough i guess  they just look oblivious but rich . do nt even get me started on the red ones . good lord , i can smell them through the glass . even the purple ones seem offended ! newline newline i guess i m glad they showed up when they did , but a simple hello and dinner would have been more appropriate than a net . the outbreak and the fallout were probably getting out of hand . i m not sure how many of us were even left when they showed up to be honest . the middle east , northern africa , and india were nuked to glass . america had another  accident  at a military base and some highly contagious disease took out most of asia . australia probably died from snakebite or whatever . who cares ? america ... jesus . it just imploded . president trump really fucked us . it makes me angry just ... newline newline oh god ... the smell ! fuck . newline newline  get that red fucker out of here ! ! !  newline newline ugh . disgusting . newline newline well , whatever . i should get out of bed . newline newline ... newline newline why . the fuck . do i have another chair ? newline newline ok. got ta stay calm . i ll just go ask gleep glorp . newline newline knock knock newline newline  helloooooo , keeper gleep glorp  newline newline a series of gibberish is all it would sound like to you . they outfitted me with a translator . i ll spare you the details and keep it at  some alien stereotypes are true .  newline newline  what do you mean companion ?  newline  male or fucking female ?  newline  well , i mean , the females piss everywhere but ...  newline newline the door opens and sasha , the golden retriever i had when i was 10 , bounds at me in delight . they must think dogs eat at the table.. or maybe they actually cloned her to do so . it s a happy day either way .walking into the elevator , i pulled out my phone just like i did every other day before . the ride up was always long , and the distraction was a nice way to pass through the emptiness . something was different about my phone  i could nt quite put my finger on it . my touches and swipes were nt responding , but it was navigating regardless . it was as if someone else were controlling it . newline newline i closed my eyes and let out a deep breath . it had been a long day and i had nt gotten enough sleep as usual . it seemed my eyes were playing tricks on me . upon opening them , an impossible video was playing . newline newline eyes wide opened , i stared into my phone to see myself as a child being pushed on a swing set by mother . i remembered that day . it was the first warm day after a long cold winter and my mom surprised me with a trip to the park . the sun was shining and the cool breeze from swinging made a satisfying contrast to the balmy air around us . but it was impossible . nobody recorded us that day . how did it get on my phone ? newline newline i pressed the home button , but it did nt exit the video feed . instead , it switched to another event . after paying for my lunch in the campusdining hall , i looked around for an empty table . my eyes locked with a girl , who was sitting alone . her inviting smile knocked away any hesitation and i walked over and asked if i could join her . that was the day i met my wife , hannah . newline newline it occurred to me the elevator was still rising . i did nt remember it taking that long . my eyes shot up to the floor readout to find it was stuck on 65 . the number was stuck , but i was still moving . my building only had 30 floors . newline newline looking back at my phone , i found a halfwritten text message telling hannah i d be home soon , but i was stuck in traffic . it suddenly began playing another video . this time , hannah and i were sitting on the beach watching the waves crash against the shoreline . i remember looking into her eyes and knowing everything was going to be ok .the flares and swirls of melting light flowed across the holocom . jay edfar traced their sharp 3d outlines in the air , leaving behind a small trail of digital fuzz behind his finger . his eyebrows furrowed as he concentrated on the complex maelstrom of patterns floating in front of him , trying to put his finger on what was bothering him . newline  comp , expand xfivefive , ysixtwo , zonenineoh.  newline green tracers overlay a glowing cube and expanded a section of the model . despite the x4000 scopein , the patterns lost none of their incomprehensibility . but there was something nagging at the corner of jay  s mind , teasing him with the possibility that there was something more to this equation . newline  open comms.  newline a dry crackle came from the tannoy . newline  crew , we  re now in orbit over z410 , please begin full spectrum analytics . the structured signal we  ve been tracking down has been narrowed to within sixteen octons of the star  s core . whatever it is , it can handle some heat.  newline jay could feel the hum of activity springing to life across the planetship , and activity reports immediately started to spread across his dashboard as over a million scientists began their calculations . newline as the minutes past , new datasets started to populate the blazing holocom image , but they brought no further meaning than what could be expected from a standard fluvial heliology . but the signal remained . deep inside the inferno something was tapping out a sequence that had a zero per cent probability of being from anything other than intelligent life . the implication of this was staggering  even every radio signal pumped out during the great internet revolution of the 3rd millennia would have resulted in a 10xe1360 likelihood of it having been a random sequence generated by selfsustaining chemical reactions . this had zero , which suggested that whatever was down there was possibly more  alive  than humanity itself . hey marty .  newline newline  hey ursa .  newline newline the two life long friends were squatting beside one another in a field outside their employed forest . break time was break time . newline newline  how s the pups ?  ursa asked his smaller friend . newline newline  oh you know , they re definitely a howl .  marty snickered as ursa shook his head . newline newline  aw jeez ursa , look . it s that new guy , bugs .  newline newline ursa turned his head and noticed a small grey rabbit bounding towards them . bugs was recently hired to the forest to help with lower food chain repopulation , so he was strictly on a do not kill  basis . this of course , allowed bugs to bother any predator he wanted . newline newline  wassup boys .  bugs bounded in between the two and also began shitting , one after another . newline newline  why are you here ?  marty growled . newline newline  just making company , meeting friends , are nt we friends marty ol boy ?  bugs grinned . newline newline  oooh if i did nt need my job..  marty snarled and let the threat hang in the air . newline newline  marty its alright .  ursa said .  he s a coworker , we should treat him better .  newline newline  now that is what i m talking about !  bugs sneered . newline newline ursa winked at marty . newline newline  hey bugs , can i ask you a question ?  newline newline  sure buddy . lem me hear it .  newline newline  do you have problems with shit sticking to your fur ?  newline newline  ..no.. i do nt .  newline newline  good !  ursa replied . newline newline and so the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit .sharon was done . done . she was a single mother with two kids and crippling debt . her husband had left her six months ago , cleaning out their joint account and leaving her with nothing . her children were both under the age of five , and did nt understand what was going on . newline newline sharon worked three jobs just to try to get by . she only had a high school diploma , so she was not able to get any work that was super wellpaying . even working sixtyplus hour weeks , sharon was still unable to pay for all the rent and food for her herself and her children . her youngest had had medical problems during the first year of his life , and as a consequence , sharon was also forced to pay off the exorbitant hospital bills . the cost of living in such a large city was just too much . her husband , sam , had always provided for her and the kids , and that was the rationale she used to not pursue a higher education . newline newline it was too much to take . her kids were going hungry , and sharon could nt do anything to help them . their poor , starving eyes ripped and clawed at sharon s soul , and broke her heart . she tried so much to make them happy , but it was just not possible . newline newline sharon was done . she was at the end of her rope . she had borrowed money from three different payday loan companies , even though she knew that it was a bad idea , because she had to . newline newline sharon eventually concluded that the only way out of her situation was to kill herself . she would call child protective services beforehand , to let them know to come pick up her kids , and hoped that they would find a better home than the one they were currently in . it was the only feasible way sharon could think of the end the suffering of herself and her kids . newline newline the day before sharon was going to finally commit her act , she found an envelope taped to her door . inside was a a check , for an amount more than enough to pay off all of her debt , and still have enough to live off of for years ! it was a miracle ! newline newline a note was also enclosed in the envelope . it was from her husband , sam ! the letter explained that sam and been working overseas on a confidential government mission , and that was the reason why he had inexplicably left and not been able to contact her . the letter apologized profusely for putting sharon through everything that sam had put her through , and that not a day had gone by where sam had not longed to write her and tell her what was going on . newline newline sharon s tears stained the letter , and she clutched it to her chest . she had never known exactly what it was that sam did for a living , only that it was government work , and that it paid very well . newline newline letter and check in hand , sharon left to cash the check that would save her and her family . newline newline                          newline newline  looks like it was a pretty standard suicide ,  inspector grady said , chewing the end of his cigarette .  hate to see em go like that , but at least she had the decency to call cps and the cops and let everyone know , so that her kids will be taken care of .  newline newline a young cop wiped his face and turned to the inspector .  we found a letter in the victim s hand . it was from her husband . had some sort of story about how he was a government agent or some shit . we ran a check on the guy , and it turns out he s been living the high life in the bahamas with his new mistress . when the victim tried to cash the check he sent her , it bounced .  well , this is new , a tattoo embedded onto the arm of mine , but i  ve no recollection of how it got here but , at least it does nt hurt . what happened last night ? well i went from work at 3:15 pm and i went to the ... damn it what is that damn place called ? it had a weird name . fuck . where am i ? well let s see ...  the cracked walls gave me a shiver , for some reason i m tattooed with the words  michael  . i ca nt take my eyes of this abomination of a tattoo . i reached into my pocket and here it is , a locket  i need some air . the air thickened as i attempt to grasp my recollection of what happened last night , through the claustrophobic hallways , each seemed to reflect the detachment of any human kindness , with each step challenged through the use of screams mimicing my footsteps with pure ferocity . my body seemed to give under the unrivaled nature of this unending tunnel . newline newline a drop of information arised as i try to recollect what occured.  i drove to a nearby diner with nothing but my cigerettes and wallet , as i drove to a diner nearby , i believe it s called  j  c s  it was nt too fancy , a run down 50 s diner that struggled in the face of time . i turned off the car and webt through a singular metallic frame that seemed to have been used as a substitute for a door . the smell was nt too bad i suppose , cheap air freshener was nt as distracting as the 4x4 of plywood that replaced some of the windows . i approached the waitress and ordered a coffee.  newline newline  did i just pass out  ? my legs were trembling as i decided to carry my weakend form through the corridor . i mapped the corridor out to enter the miniscule room . a few furnitures and a table were all that was remotely even usable , as the rest of the stuff here seemed to have either been scattered or beyond former recognition  mostly both . i then stumbled across my diploma , seemed the framing was cracked . my mind chaoticly rushed to find something inside the labyrinth like cocoon of the mind . newline newline  a sip of my coffee was interrupted by a figure slowly approaching me from the left side , as i had diverted my attention from the chimicals of the darkenned sea . i reluctantly invited him to sit  perhaps company had eased me of my surroundings . he asked me of few questions : what s my job , what s my name and why here ? i suppose i ca nt tell him my name or my intention , however i told him my job . i uttered the line  a teachers assistant  . it was nt too bad , everyone deserved an education . the man grumbled in approval before i offered him a ride back to his house , seemed it was reasonable . so i took the man in my car and we drove .  newline newline i became weary of my surroundings . perhaps i was too embellished in this place . slowly i had crept downstairs only to be greeted by the man i had spent yesterday with . he had greeted my like an old friend . he asked me of death . the man unravelled his sleeve to reveal the same name  michael  . i panicked and roared my question ,  how , why  ?  you do nt remember do you ?  my memories suddenly solidified and connected in ways i never thought was possible . newline newline  the road was unrelenting , a chamber of silence deafened the vehicle til the man asked me of why i was carrying my diploma ? i had told him that i could nt face the task anymore i quit . as we approached the crossroads , the man had asked me of life , and death . i had told him that death has no bias . silence . newline newline the man had uttered a revelation .  i failed him  . my heart sank , it was like a jolt of regret had invaded my mind , for i too had failed him . he had guided me to a room that seemed to feel cold and abandoned . he had a reflection of deep dispair that haunted my mind as he had proceeded to invite me to a box inscribed  michael  he fetched two glasses and a bottle of scotch . he smoothly poured the scotch smoothly after handing me the glass .  i was nt there when he needed me the most  he gloomed . the truth is neither did i. i opened the locket to reveal two tablets and a quote ,  to teach the unteachable and to help the unhelpable .  i looked at him one final time . i quickly took the tablets and instantly fell ill ,  why ?  shouted the man . newline newline i knew his son . i tried to help him . every day he would say the same thing  what is death  i told him that death had an afterlife  i do nt believe it however . but then one day , i showed him the locket . i told him that when i think of death , i hold this locker and it goes away . i was nt thinking that he would take one of my tablets . i failed him . so i resigned . newline newline look at him , trying to save my life , i ll unburden him and prove that there s nothing he could have done , for afterall , death has no bias . newline newline i hope you all enjoy my story . newline newlinewe ve been on the run for years now , but my boy and i are going to make it . we  re going to make the change my wife set out to make so many years ago . we  re going to end the world . newline newline i know that sounds crazy , but it  s what she really wanted . and once you think about it , it  s only logical . our world is so broken . it will take thousands of year to get civilization where it needs to be , and so many lives will be lost in the process . this is the most logical way to deal with the matter , we will nuke it all and start again . newline newline but we  re here now , at the control panel . it  s obvious that we went through a lot to get here . our family has seen the birth of two children , the death of one , and the loss of an amazing leader and mother . none of that matters now . their deaths will not be in vain . we will end it here and now . newline newline my son and i are at the control center for the russian nuclear system . tensions have been so high between russia and the rest of the world that this will surely end it all . nuclear weapons are now commonplace in semi wealthy countries arsenals and they are all to afraid to be the first one to fire away . we will not shy away . the world is already set ablaze with anticipation , we will simply bring it to fruition . so here we sit , keys in hands , ready to end it all . newline newline  daddy , are we the bad guys ?  newline newline where did this come from , my son has been nothing but loyal to this cause all seven years of his life ? newline newline  no , we  re just the maintenance men giving the world a reboot  this is what i would tell my daughter before she killed herself . newline newline he responds with an entire lack of surety ,  okay  newline newline it  s too late to mind the vain wonderings of a child . it  s time . newline i say the word and we turn the keys . newline newline 30 minutes later everything goes up in a white hot flash . newline newline the heat does nt stop , all i feel is extreme pain and all i see is the smiling face of the devil himself . newline newline where have i brought us ?the batmobile screeched to a halt in front of gotham first national bank . batman dashed inside . in the vault , the joker had set up a machine that created some kind of spinning vortex and his henchman were throwing gold and bags of money into it . before he could order them to stop , he was hit from behind and thrown into the vortex . batman awoke on a moonlit highway miles from nowhere . he could hear the sound of a motorcycle engine bearing down on him but he could nt muster the strength to get off the road and he was badly injured . the rider was almost on top of him by the time he saw batman on the road . he locked up the brakes , skidded , went into the ditch , and the rider flew headfirst into a tree . batman thought the man was surely dead , but the rider got up , dusted himself off and walked towards him . as the man got closer he saw the man was clad in a wifebeater shirt , sporting some epic muttonchops and clenching a now bent cigar in his teeth . when the man got to where batman was was the man knelt down and said  name s logan , you re hurt badly , let s get you some help .  what are you looking at , pal ?  trevor shouted at toni who was sitting at a table across the room with tommy vercetti . toni had been startled at the sight of the dirty hick who d walked into the bar already half drunk . newline newline  you got a problem , friend ?  toni did nt really have the foresight to disregard the grumblings of a drunk . he also clearly did nt know trevor phillips that well . newline newline the whole bar went silent . niko stopped chatting with his fellow soldier vic . michael and johnny stopped chatting as well . the booth near the back where franklin , cj and luis sat also went quiet . newline newline claude stayed pretty much the same , though . newline newline  hey ! i ai nt your friend , asshole !  newline newline  oh , fuck you , hick !  toni ignored tommy s quiet pleading to just leave it alone . newline newline trevor stumbled his way across the room and toni stood up out of his chair to face him .  you gon na start something ?  newline newline  fuck me , he says .  trevor exclaimed . fuck me ? fuck me ? fuck you cocksucker !  newline newline trevor smashed the beer bottle he was holding into the side of toni s face . toni fell to the floor and screamed painfully as blood poured out the gashes in his head . trevor started stomping on him . newline newline  fuck you ! fuck  trevor managed only a few kicks before tommy punched him right in the jaw . trevor took a few more punches before he and tommy were grappling , cursing each other as they fought . newline newline michael and franklin tried to pull trevor away and johnny helped , while niko and vic tried to put themselves between the two brawlers . newline newline niko took a stray punch from tommy and punched back , vic tried to stop his friend from escalating things but tommy started hitting him too . newline michael and franklin were trying to restrain trevor , who was trying to hit everybody he could , and johnny stepped in to stop niko and vic from beating on tommy , soon everybody was fighting each other . newline newline niko and johnny , who had punched out vic , were engaged in a fistfight . newline tommy broke a chair off trevor s head before being clocked by michael . newline cj and luis had the good sense to get the fuck out of there and were joined by franklin . newline toni was writhing in pain on the ground , holding his bloody face . newline newline claude sat in his booth and watched , silent . newline newline before long , the floor of the bar was covered in blood and broken glass and parts of wooden chairs and tables . vic and johnny lay on the floor , unconscious , as did toni . michael and niko each stumbled out of the bar bloodied and bruised . trevor stood in the middle of the room , his face a collection of cuts and bruises , wobbling on the spot . he went to speak , paused , and vomited on himself before collapsing to the floor . newline newline claude stood up , paid for his drink and left .elmer had uncovered another one of the strange temples . this one was in the middle of the dessert of atlanta . the temples where simple , giant boxes . filled with giant monoliths and strange tubes . elmer said that these were temples of knowledge , commerce , and communication . the ancients did everything at these temples . newline newline after clearing the trees and growth out of the way , we found the door . it was a small gray oneperson door . newline newline  if these temples were as important as you say , how could everyone get in an out through such a small door ?  i asked . newline newline  nobody actually went to these temples . only a few monks who cleaned them and maintained them .  elmer said . newline newline  you said they did everything at these temples ? they traded , they learned , they taught . how did they do that without coming to them ?  . i was having a hard time understanding elmer . he was very smart , but sometimes he did nt make sense . newline newline  i m not exactly sure , but i think they had little shrines in their house , or prayer books . they used the shrine through those .  he said . newline newline  i thought you did nt believe in magic .  i retorted . he did nt reply . newline newline i used an axe to break the lock on the door . elmer told me this was the largest temple he had ever seen . there had to be thousands of the monoliths . each of the monoliths had about fifty drawers on the front , and a small symbol on the front of each drawer . newline newline we went to the back of the temple . there was a giant tank next to a strange looking machine . elmer said that if we could make the machine work , the temple would become active . he shook the tank , it was filled with a foul smelling liquid . he pulled a crank on the machine . it made a loud growling sound , but then it sputtered and stopped . after he twisted some nobs on the machine and pulled the crank again , the machine started growling again and it did nt stop . newline newline the monoliths lit up as if there were hundreds of fireflies on each of them . we went to a small room off to the side of temple . in this room there where small shrines , with dark pieces of glass , windows to nowhere , sitting on top of each of them . elmer said the monks that lived here , called  techs  , would use these pieces of glass to see what was happening in the temple . newline newline elmer pushed a button on one of the shrines . he started touching some strange jewels on it . they made a clacking sound as he touched them . newline newline  this is it . we ve found it . this was their temple of knowledge .  newline newline i looked at the window to nowhere on the shrine . it was lit up , and showing pictures . at the top of the picture , was the word  wikipedia  . newlinei want to roll my eyes at this prompt . newline newline i want to mumble something about how overplayed it is , how generic this prompt isseeing how valentine s day is around the corner  and do nt get me started on that ridiculous holiday  and just brush it off . newline newline but i ca nt . newline newline because love , dammit . newline newline because i used to think i knew what love was . newline newline i used to lie awake at night and tell myself stories . all the ways that i would fall in love with handsome strangers . all the way they would fall in love with me . newline newline it would be sexy and magical and sweet . newline newline but then i got older . and i started falling in love . and i realized that there are as many ways to fall in love as there are people in this whole big world . newline newline you fall in love with a boy , who s funny and charming and cute . you fall in love with the way he holds your hand and kisses your lips softly . newline newline you fall in love with your friends , who stay up late with you speaking in a code made up of inside jokes and warm beer . newline newline you fall in love with yourself , when you are doing the things that make you feel whole  like writing or painting . newline newline you fall in love with your pets , who make you feel like a grown up for the first time  who rely solely on you for scratches and food . newline newline you fall in love with you family in a whole new way  nothing beats having drinks and grown up conversation with your parents in your own home . newline newline you fall in love with a girl , who is magical and beautiful and strong and funny and feels like your soulmate in a new sort of way you did nt know existed . newline newline you fall in love with your babiesthey lay them on your chest and you realize that now there are these little pieces of your soul running around outside you and it is surreal and wonderful . newline newline and then love starts changing and growing into stranger and darker shapes . newline newline and it s still love , but it hurts . it s achey and sad . newline newline now , you love the boy every day but it s different . you love who you were , when it was just the two of you  but you also love this new dynamic where you are parents and crawl into bed together exhausted and manage a small kiss before passing out . newline newline now , you love your friends but you just watch them on social media and leave random comments saying things like  remember when.. ?  and you love when  yes , they do remember  and you know that even though it s all different , it s still the same . newline newline now , you love yourself but it s hard to remember why sometimes . so you have to work on that love , because it s hard to look in the mirror and not recognize the person who is a little older and fatter and slightly more boring than the person you first loved . newline newline now , you love your pets but they have been replaced in priority by the other babies . you still snuggle their faces and say things like  remember when it was just us  and they know what you mean . newline newline now , you love your family but there is pressure and advice and all sorts of things that fall under the  they mean well  category . newline newline now , you love the girl  but all you have to love are the memories . her body and her voice are gone but you take out the moments often , to hug and whisper  i miss you  to . newline newline now , you love your babies but you know they are growing out of the love you had when they were littles . it is stretching to fit them but it wo nt for long . it will grow into a new kind of love every day , into older and different love . newline newline more and more , all the ways you can love are changed by painful memories and people who do nt stay . sometimes we can hold the things we love , sometimes we can only remember . sometimes loving makes us cry and sometimes it makes us smile . newline newline but we keep on loving anyway . newline newline because love , dammit .killing someone is not easy . its very hard to break a neck or stab through clothes and muscles into soft tissue , even with training . even with perpetration . newline newline its better to be far away , with a bullet or a switch , watching but not present . never present . newline newline the first time  the first time i killed it was a cat . i hit it with my car . i must have broken its back . it was carrying a kitten . it died instantly , i think . the mother was not so lucky . newline newline i had to beat it with a car jack . it cried like a child . it was too heavy to be effective and i almost missed the first time i swung ... newline newline when i got home i had to wash the jack in the sink . i thought about the kitten for days . it was too young , eyes closed and pink . the whole litter must be dead . i drove back the next day and looked in the woods but i never found them . newline newline i never like to be close . it is odd when you can feel them fight so hard and then the sudden switch into ... nothing . the looseness , and whole body shuddering sigh that goes on and on and then stops . their skin is still warm . there is an uncanniness . i once walked in a room and thought my daughter had died . newline newline she was curled on the couch . i could not see her chest moving . when i picked her up she flopped and i almost dropped her . i shook her hand . she was awake in an instant . i could feel her little form tense with life . newline newline i carried her to bed . newline newline then next day i went to work . i could nt do it . newline newline the second day was the same , and the third . at the end of the week i resigned . newline newline i had a bullet in my head before the hour was up . it was not instant . i could feel the heaviness , the lack of interest , the deep soft sinking . newline newline i thought of that cat , of the car jack and the lonely woods . newline i thought newline french fry : sergeant , i can  t find conners . newline newline newline sergeant : we know . no one can find  cupcake.  newline newline newline reginald : conners is cupcake ? ! i thought i was  cupcake.  newline newline newline french fry : no , you  re reginald . newline newline newline reginald : why don  t i get one ? everyone else has one . i swear last week i was  cupcake  newline newline newline french fry : right . you were  cupcake.  it rotates . now you  re back to being reginald . newline newline newline reginald : it rotates ? how come if it rotates everyone but me has one .  tuna ,   pickle ,   mustard ,   french fry ,  even franklin gets one  and the best one   wheat bread  that  s two in one . he should share . newline newline newline wheat bread : you don  t want  wheat bread.  you think you want  wheat bread.   who wouldn  t want  wheat bread  ?  you say to yourself . then you finally get  wheat bread ,  and it gets stale quick , i  ll tell ya . newline newline newline reginald : well , at least give me the  bread.  newline newline newline sergeant : reginald , stuff it . i can  t look for cupcake with you blubbering . newline newline newline reginald : come on . this is stupid . i earned  cupcake.  isn  t that right , mustard . didn  t i earn it ? it  s all i want . mustard ? where  s mustard ? newline newline newline tuna : i  m right here . newline newline newline french fry : what ? no , you  re  tuna.  newline newline newline tuna : no , i  m  mustard.  newline newline newline newline newline french fry : no , i definitely remember right before the jump you were assigned tuna . i can see  tuna  on sergeant  s lips right now .  elliot  tuna  just like that . he said it . short and sweet . newline newline newline tuna : that  s a fib . he said  elliot  mustard  just like that . isn  t that right ,  cupcake ?  aren  t i  mustard ?  newline newline newline reginald : that  s right . you  re  mustard  and i  m  cupcake.  newline newline newline sergeant : hold on . forget who  s who . where  s  mustard ?  newline newline newline tuna : right here . newline newline newline sergeant : no . kenny , stuff it . the real mustard . where  s the real mustard ? newline newline newline french fry : he wandered off again . he always does that . he always breaks the rules . newline newline newline wheat bread : mustard ! mustard ! newline newline newline tuna : stop calling him that . i  m mustard . he  s pickle . newline newline newline sergreant : stuff it . focus . keep your eyes peeled . help us call . newline newline newline tuna : well , i  m telling you . if we call  mustard ,  he  s not going to answer because he thinks he  s  pickle.  i can tell you that much . he doesn  t think much of  mustard.  he  s a  pickle  through and through . newline newline newline wheat bread : let  s just call him by his real name . newline newline newline french fry : you can  t call him by his real name  cause that would be breaking the rules . newline newline newline wheat bread : oh , yea . newline newline newline french fry : maybe he didn  t hear us count to ten ? newline newline newline reginald : do it again , sergeant pepper . newline newline newline sergeant : right . good idea . 1 , 2 . newline newline newline french fry : what does sergeant pepper even mean ? newline newline sergeant : 3 , 4 . newline newline newline reginald : i don  t know . something to do with a poster in my dad  s room . newline newline newline sergeant : 5 , 6 . newline newline newline french fry : well , that  s stupid . newline newline newline reginald : you  re stupid . newline newline newline sergeant : 7,8 . newline newline french fry : i  m telling my dad . newline newline newline reginald : your dad  s not here anymore . newline newline newline french fry : either is yours . newline newline newline reginald : no . you  re lying . he  s just lost . newline newline newline french fry : so is mine . newline newline newline reginald : yea , well don  t say mine  s gone . newline newline newline french fry : i didn  t . newline newline newline sergeant : enough ! stuff it , guys . come on . get your stuff . let  s go . maybe mustard went over the stream . newline newline newline french fry : we told him not to . we said only up to the dead tree . newline newline newline wheat bread : which dead tree ? they  re all dead . all rotty and crumbly . doesn  t he even know how to swim ? why  d he do that . newline newline reginald : i  m tired . can someone help me carry my gun ? newline newline newline sergeant : stuff it . we  re all tired . newline newline newline french fry : yea , we  re all tired . i  m hungry too . newline newline newline newline all : yea , i  m hungry . newlinefred scratched his head , combing through the help manual he d gotten in training . there was no chapter on time travel . he started flicking through the pages at random , shooting a nervous glance up at the three angry men in front of him . finding nothing in the manual that would be of any help , fred resorted to repeating what he had already said several times . newline newline  there s nothing in here ,  he told the men , holding up the manual .  as i said , the rules are : whoever gets here first gets the patent .  newline newline as expected , the three men exploded at once . they all tried to shove their way in front and shout louder than anyone else . newline newline  i was born centuries before either of you !  , one of them said . he wore a strange combination of jacket , garters , and rubber boots and he had a thin moustache that curved around his head . newline newline  i perfected the fivefold split ! you missed your target with 20 years !  , another one said . this one was completely hairless and covered in a thin silky material from the neck down , but he did nt need eyebrows to convey his anger . newline newline  time is a mbius strip ! the end is the beginning !  , the third one piped up . fred could only assume the statement was meant to solidify the man s claim , but he failed to see how . newline newline the three men reached a sort of standstill . they stared at fred expectantly , grunting and cursing while trying to hold their ground against the others . fred looked at each of them in turn , trying to think of a way to please the men  or at least get them to leave . newline newline  ok ,  he began . the men stiffened .  how about this : you can share the patent . that way , you all get your share .  newline newline they were quiet for a second ... and then they started shouting and pushing again , even worse than before . newline newline  absolutely not !  , the first one said , his moustache quivering with rage . newline newline  i will not give anything to these imposters !  , the second one yelled . newline newline  all that once was , shall be ! everything is nothing !  , the third one said . for a second , even he looked confused as to what side he was on . newline newline fred sighed again , deeper . he addressed the men like he addressed his fiveyearold niece when she would nt eat her dinner . newline newline  well , this is how it s going to be . there s no other way . either you share , or no one gets anything .  newline newline the men exchanged irritated glances , huffing and snorting . they crossed their arms and turned away from each other , speaking to fred while ignoring the other two . newline newline  i guess it ll do , for now  , the first one said , his last words dripping with venom . newline newline  this is not over  , the second one assured , not even trying to hide the hatred in his voice . newline newline  i m flexible  , the third one said . newline newline fred remained completely still , afraid to break the strange spell that had suddenly compelled the men to agree to a compromise . when it seemed that none of them changed their mind , he spoke up . newline newline  alright ! great . one moment  i ll get the papers .  he left them to fetch the necessary paperwork from the back room . his mood had improved considerably by the time he made his way back , carrying a stack of large sheets of paper . newline newline then he saw something strange . newline newline by chance , he happened to glance over the  t  shelf , where all the patents beginning with  t  were kept . one of the labels made him stop in his tracks :  time machine  . huh .  he had never seen that one before , and yet he had helped to set up the room . he thought he knew almost every patent they had . but this one came as a complete surprise . at the very least , he should have heard of it  right ? newline newline he dropped the stack of papers and instead brought the patent out to the men . they eyed him suspiciously when he laid out a finished patent in front of them . newline newline  i found something strange  , fred said .  apparently , someone s already filed a patent for something called a time machine  .  newline newline the men looked at each other , each exclaiming variations of well , it was nt me !  . then they all turned back to fred . newline newline  well , who filed it ! ?  , the first one said . fred put his finger to the page , searching for the signature . newline newline  let s see ...  the men followed his finger like a cat follows a string of yarn , and when it finally settled on a scrawled name at the bottom of the page , they held their breath . fred looked up at them . newline newline  here we are : one nikola tesla  . hm . no idea who that is .  newline newline the men went silent , staring at the paper and beyond . their lips twisting in contempt , they all muttered a single word : newline newline  tesla .   what about the seventh ?  newline god grumbled under his divine nonbreath .  what do you mean the seventh , there are only six !  newline on one hand , charles did nt want to push his luck any further . the absence of an actual , scorching , eternal hell that dreaded him his whole life was a stroke of good fortune . newline on the other hand , he was dead curious . newline charles snorted . newline god spun on him .  oh if you re going to correct me , at least do nt laugh at me like that !  newline  no my lord ,  he rushed .  that was nt what i was laughing about . it s just ... there are seven sins .  newline  says you ,  the almighty responded . newline  it s in the damned ahem , pardon me , it s in the bible !  newline  really now ?  newline  yes ! if only i had a ... oh , thank you . yes , here !  proverbs !   https : www.biblegateway.compassage ? searchproverbs6  3a1619  versionkjv   newline the one true god leaned over an anxious mortal shoulder and peered into the good book .  huh . well i ll be damned .  newline charles was shocked .  huh ?  newline  looks like i made six houses by accident ,  god said simply . newline  really ?  newline then the almighty let out a cataclysmic roar .  of course not ! !  if i wanted seven houses , do you think there would be seven houses for you to choose from ? ?  newline charles was in a new state of panic unknown from his living years . there was a terrible feeling it was something he had to get used to . newline  no your threeinoneness ! just ... if they re based on sins , and there are six houses ...  well , charles pushed him this far . the mortal sighed , making peace with his short postlife existence .  why not seven houses ?  newline god took a few microseconds longer responding to that one than usual . whatever madness took over charles as he tried to gleam an answer from the all knowing deity before him , he hoped it was worth it . there was nt much he remembered from his past life . only a bowl of frosted flakes when he was younger , a cup of coffee when he was in his early twenties , and some girl called margret . newline whoever she was , charles would miss her . newline  you know something ,  god started .  have it your way .  newline  what ?  newline  did i stutter ? !   newline  no your lordliness !  newline  i did nt think so ,  he said with an injured  wait , injured ?  tone .  lets have this seventh house of yours .  a pair of massive eyes formed over him , staring intently on the hapless kneeling body of charles .  see how you like this one for eternity .  newline charles was about to do whatever it took to convince his lord that he was sure six was also a perfectly fine number , and the seventh house be damned  apparently , that was a thing he could say in his presence  . newline he was about to do so , if his shoulders were nt be rattled for dear life . newline that last word . life . newline it confused him as a voice began yelling in his ear .  get up charles !  newline throwing himself against his office chair , he looked up at his manager , ashamed to have been caught sleeping at his desk . newline  every time , i catch you sleeping and slacking off ! you know what the lord says about being lazy !  newline charles snorted . newline  what s so funny ? !   the manager demanded . newline  nothing , just , hearing you quote the lord about sloth struck a chord with me . not sure from where though .  newline  well , you can start by answering the damned phone !  newline it was the first time he noticed it ringing . charles scrambled for the phone and threw it against his ear . newline  pleasant dreams , sleep consultancy clinic , how can i help you ?  newline the words rolled from his tongue . newline and he liked the sound of it . newline newline                                  newline newline more at rgalokot , and thanks for reading ! between the worlds and the heavens , there lie shadowy planes of higher dimensions where mortal men fear to tread , where beasts of unimaginable terror lurk to prey on the unprepared .  newline newline  we re stuck ,  toby said glumly .  i hate algebra .  newline newline  we can do this ,  sally said .  we just have to keep trying .  newline newline  we ve been trying for hours , and look where it s got us . we re completely lost .  newline newline in the shadows , a beast stirred . it raised its head and sniffed . from among the fractal trees and mobius rocks , a scent wafted to its nose . the scent of humans , trapped in the algebraic zone .  newline newline the beast arose from its bed , and left the lair . it was time to hunt .  newline newline  we re thinking about this wrong ,  sally said .  what if geometry here is not euclidean ? we ve been looking at this all wrong ...  newline newline toby blinked and wiped his spectacles .  that could work ,  he admitted .  what if we tried a differential equation instead of a linear one ?  newline newline the beast crouched behind a fractal tree , and licked its lips . a gob of saliva slowly fell from its slavering jaws , but did not fall straight to the ground , at least not as you and i would see it , for space here was in more than three dimensions , and curved in ways that we can not even begin to imagine .  newline newline it watched the two humans , and then charged . they began to run . the beast picked up speed . and the faster it ran , the faster they did .  newline newline  got it ,  sally said .  substitute for x with a new equation , and the whole thing solves it self .  newline newline the beast was almost upon them . it opened its fanged mouth and lunged for the slower of the two , the boy .  newline newline but suddenly space bent in a new way that the beast was unprepared for , and it lost its footing . it picked itself up , snarling , but they were already gone . letting out a howl of frustration , it slunk back to its lair .  newline newline  ok , what next ?  said toby , finishing the algebra problem with a flourish of his pencil . newline newline sally turned the page .  next up ? calculus .  newline newline in another of the hidden dimensions , a different beast stirred in its cave , as the smell of two mortals drifted in on the breeze .  newline newline   newline newline read more of my stories at rjdrallagethe humans resisted us . newline newline despite our efforts to contain the chaos , myself and my king kronos were able to talk down the one they call president  . he was acting brash , and very human . we know not of the needs of the creatures in which we create , only that our purpose is to protect all life in the universe . newline newline we came to warn them of our brethren , our opposites . where we bring life , they bring death and destruction . feeding on every source of energy and living creature in the galaxies before them . the dragonoids are what the humans would call  a force of nature  . and we are the balance of that force . newline newline sadly , they do not understand . they want to fight . they will not bow so easily to the likes of what the universe will rain down upon them . and my king has stated time and again , that we can only help so much . while we create life , we can not destroy it . newline newline we offered them a new home , a planet no different from their original . they seemed , obligated to stand their ground . newline newline kronos then could only do what he could , he gave them the ability to fight back . we granted them technology of the vast knowledge we have amassed since the creation of this universe . but the dragonoids can not be killed , or defeated . only prevented . newline newline we had done this once before . kronos and i had done our best and created what we called our greatest achievement in life . intelligent , thinking beings , whom had a capacity for feeling and emotion . not many races we create have such a stronger will to live than that of a human being . newline newline the dragonoids did however discover earth not long before we created it . and we had no choice but to create a race to protect the earth , one much like ourselves . but with the fierce tendency to fight like the dragonoids themselves . newline newline the humans called them gods , olympians and titans . that is what they were known as throughout human history . newline newline however , they outlived their purpose and were since long forgotten . newline newline now we come , with offers to bring them to safety . but they choose to fight . newline newline all we can do is move on , and create more life . newline newline kronos is doubtful we can create life like the humans ever again . you take the red pill , you stay in wonderland , and see how deep this rabbithole goes .  newline newline  i m sorry ,  neo responded , scratching his head .  i got caught up in your metaphor and lost track of what you were saying . could you explain it again .  newline newline  okay ,  morpheus sighed .  i ll put it simply , in an unfortunately less badass manner .  newline newline  good thing no one s watching .  newline newline  i guess so .  morpheus put forward the three pills in his right hand .  the red pill is the truth . the orange pill is the truth put in a more gentle manner .  newline newline  so that s what you meant by a cushion at the bottom of the rabbit hole .  newline newline  the yellow pill is the truth with the option to untruth the truth .  newline newline  i get it . so it s a hot air balloon at the bottom of the rabbit hole that can take you back out .  newline newline  that s what i said .  newline newline  is nt that obviously the best option ?  newline newline  you get to see the truth , but you do nt get to learn any kungfu or do anything about it .  newline newline  lame .  newline newline  yup .  morpheus held out his other hand .  take the blue pill , and you wake up in your bed and believe whatever you want to believe . take the indigo pill , and you wake up in your bed with a bruise .  newline newline  why ?  newline newline morpheus pulled out a hammer from his jacket pocket .  because i will have hit you with this .  newline newline  why ?  newline newline  because indigo is a lame color .  newline newline  ok. what about the violet pill ? you never said anything about that one .  newline newline  yeah , i was hoping you would nt ask ,  morpheus grimaced .  the oracle gave it to me , but it s kind of stupid .  newline newline  tell me .  newline newline  you get to see which one would have been the right choice . but you do nt get to take another one .  newline newline  that s stupid .  newline newline  that s what i said .  newline newline  you might want to simplify this system at some point . make it easier on the next one .   newline newline  i ve been considering it . entering the room of the committee for ethical retribution , i quietly stepped into a room of 5 robed figures . three men , two women . one of them appeared to be no older than myself , at twentyfive . the rest were older , ranging from early forties to late sixties . newline newline  greetings , applicant . we have heard much about your case . we welcome you to orate your reasoning in person . you have the next ten minutes to speak , followed by a twenty minute questioning period . following that , we will deliberate for the next thirty minutes , and your request will be approved or denied .  newline newline it did nt matter which one of them spoke . i did nt look up from my desk , my speech prepared in my hands . newline newline  i wish to kill myself .  newline newline i let the silence hover in the air for a few seconds . newline newline  i wish to kill myself . yes . i wish to die by my own hand .  newline newline i raised my gaze to the panel of judges . they all wore inquisitive expressions , but nothing betraying their emotions . newline newline  i have ruined lives . i have mentally and emotionally abused the only person i could ever love . the only person who could have made me whole . he is too kind to apply to kill me . i think he simply wishes to erase any memory of me or our time together . nevertheless , that is not the only reason . i have lied , i have threatened , i have been unfaithful , i have done everything short of crime . i do not seek to atone for my sins , i simply wish to avoid them . i am a coward . a fool . i squandered my life , and caused pain and suffering . i feel remorse for the first time in the two decades i have been alive .  newline newline i continued , telling the story of the man i could have loved , of my parents , whose dreams i shattered and whose lives i wasted so much of . i spoke of my  friends  , who i used for material gain and social popularity . i spoke of my enemies , who at my hands suffered constant torture and mocking . i spoke of myself , who i had doomed to walk a path of no redemption . i found myself crying silent tears as i repeated my first request . newline newline  i want to kill myself .  newline newline there were no questions . there rarely were , from what i had heard . most cases are of blind rage and a quest for vengeance , most others were blown so far out of proportion that the truth of the applicant s situation became as blurry as the applicant s conscience . this system was new . only 6 months old . newline newline thirty minutes came and went . i felt hollow . empty . a vague portrait of a watercolor woman . on the form , i asked to bleed out in a warm bath after cutting open the artery in my left arm with a white knife , i wanted to smell lilac , i wanted to listen to piano music , and i wanted him to watch me kill myself . newline newline my request was granted . newline newline edit : grammar newlinethe room was nothing like i imagined . with shadows scurrying around in the twilight emitting from the huge screens . a military decorated man among them gives me a look and then as expected ...  do nt tell me dr. croat that this is the man who s going to save my men . i can smell the liquor from here  . fine by me .  if you allow me to explain general . he s the signpostman  . half the room bursts into laughter . i ve a name , you know , but what the heck , if it gets me paid , you can call me barbie . i used to love my so called  superpower  once , do nt laugh yet until you hear it all . newline newline one day , a long time ago . i was dating this super hot girl , lost among the hot girl seas . i drove her home one night , just when i exit the car , she looks at me with disgust and looks around , then walks home . i was stuck and stood there for a while , a car drove past me honking . how humiliating it was . i later found out i turned into a signpost saying  gon na get laid tonight  . apparently my ego lied . newline newline anyway , short story , i became the king of parties . i could turn into anything i wanted . that did get me popular with the ladies . it did nt take me long before figuring out i could turn the power into profit . at first small p.i . stuff , nobody suspects a signpost in the bed room . then  the mona lisa  ,  luke , i m your father  ,  jesus saves  double the size of the statue in rio if you re paying , i can become your papa . they even flew me over saigon , i ve no idea what i said . i was rubbing shoulder to shoulder with sinatra , the king  take your pick  , the rich and famous . newline newline then technology screwed it all for me with their projectors and digital diarrhea . the very screens in this room , i ca nt imitate the fancy lights . i do nt know what i ve been doing the last ten years or so , but it has nt been exactly the penthouse views i was staring at . newline newline  he can save your men and women on mars  , dr goat says .  yeah , signpostman saves  , i reply . they seem like stuckup people , except for the giggling pretty attach , oh yeah , i saw that . the good dr continues ,  you see , signpostman here , can in his transformed state sustain himself through the rescue operation , with no need for sustenance or risking hypoxia . he s the perfect candidate for this expedition  . newline newline they threw me into a rocket and launched me into space . what they forgot to tell me was that the rocket could malfunction . i hope somebody said , is that a rocket , an alien , no it s the fucking signpostman . i ve been floating in space for ages now , i m pretty sure i caught a glimpse of the voyager once , screw you carl sagan . at least it gave me the idea of learning how to emit music , singing my way , in case something is listening . i flipped off , planet sized , to that goat and the rest of the world ever since . guess what my best masterpiece is all about , i ll give you a hint , a goat . sigh , but i think it s time to change back the sign into s.o.s . newline newline if i m not responding to contact from whoever is reading this , then grant an old man his last wish . set me on fire and blow me . newline newlinethe ginger haired man sighed into his drink . he ate the last bite of his reuben , the pickle long gone . savoring a chunk of sauerkraut on his tongue , his lean left arm fumbled for his credit card . newline newline the waitress , a cute little brunette named kristin , stops by just in time . the redhead had called the backwater restaurant beforehand , and requested kristin specifically to wait on his table . he d known kristin for a long time  in fact , he was her history professor . newline newline they would talk at the end of class every day for months , and he liked this old diner , as crappy as its food was . the cozy , warm atmosphere never failed to lift his spirits after a long day . newline newline the professor stared into his table , paying for his meal , then beckoned to kristin . he walked outside , holding the door open , as she ran into the back room to retrieve something . he slinked behind the diner , and she soon followed , holding a large tray full of shining lights . newline newline kristin set down the beautiful tray , engraved with fine jewels , on a small table outside . they ranged from amethyst to topaz to beryl , crowned with an elegant ruby . all the fine gems were inlaid in an intricate , carved steel tray . even kristin was not aware of the history professor s intents , but he d paid a ungodly amount of cash for this day . her coworkers were as clueless as she was . newline newline the redhead pulled some kind of ointment out of his pocket . the small tub was emblazoned with a picture of a.. snake ? kristin was nt sure what it was . she was nt sure about anything anymore . newline newline he lightly dabbed the cream on the central ruby of the tray . it instantly froze into green ice . the professor reached for a blue bic pen that the waitress was holding with her clipboard , and jotted something down on the check . newline newline set jewels ca nt melt eel creams . i frowned suspiciously at my cat . newline newline my cat frowned back . newline newline that was three weeks ago . things have gotten very bad since . i now fear for my life , and perhaps this account will help people . i hope . newline newline ever since i bought that new cat food , my cat had started to act strange . stranger than normal , anyway . newline newline i d walk around a corner , or reach for something under the ottoman . and there she was . my cat . she would leap at my face . it seemed like fairly normal cat behavior , except that she would do it constantly , in multiple parts of my body . almost like she was testing my reflexes ... .figuring out where i was weak . newline newline recently , i had seen her walking through the house , analyzing everything . she always seemed to spend extra time near the knives i keep in the cabinet , and examined all the power tools in the garage . almost like she was taking an inventory . newline newline one time i caught her in my office , leaning over my computer . when she saw me walk in , she made a big show of jumping down and running away . yet  i could nt help but notice that my internet history had just been cleared . newline newline it really started getting creepy when i d walk in a room , usually when i was back from work earlier than i had expected , and find a circle of cats assembled on my floor . they would be in a circle , with my cat sitting at the head , like they were having a frickin  seance or something . sometimes there would be books laid out by them ... often gruesome , deathly books that depicted horrific executions and torture . newline newline it was getting very bad . i d be taking a shower and when i came out ... .there she was . sitting on the counter , just watching me . a completely straight face , unblinking . yet something always seemed ... ..sinister ... about those eyes . newline newline then the killing started . oh , the killing . dead birds  then came the dead raccoons , and otters , and soon enough a fox then a wolf ... .what kind of cat kills a fox ? newline newline i was worried , so i thought about bringing my cat to the vet . like they could do anything . little did i know it , but she was beyond help then . i was nt , but i did nt know that yet either . newline newline she always resisted the visits to the vet though . honestly , it creeps me out to be with my cat all day in my house ... with her always watching . sometimes i d just go to the pub , and talk to whoever was there . cheer up , have a drink , and watch the game with the guys in the pub . i d have a lengthy conversation with the mailman when he stopped by , just to have a person to be with . oddly enough , he has nt come by my house recently . i do nt know why . newline newline it was getting very scary . i really started to think about my safety when i had walked into my house after an outing at the pub . i was knocked onto the ground in six seconds flat . i found a large axe on top of me ... .it had fallen so the flat of the blade had struck me ... i was shocked . newline newline and there she was . staring at me with wide , wide eyes . and for once in her eyes i thought i saw an emotion  a flair  disappointment . it disappeared in an instant , and then she was a cat again ... shocked and then running away from the disturbance . i rubbed my head and sat up . newline newline that was three days ago . today i went into the basement , to find some canned food for a meal . that was when i found him . the mailman , gristled up and eviscerated from the waist up . i was horrified . this ... this was where he had gone ... .the mailman who had put up with my crazy rants , my incessant talking . this is where he had gone . newline newline and he was killed by claw marks , i could now see . claw marks i had seen before  on the skin of a deer s corpse , on the sofa in the living room , in the scratches on my bedroom door ... ... newline newline and suddenly it all fit together . all the clues , all the warnings ... they had been there all along . i had just been too blind to see it . i did nt want to see it . i had nt wanted to accept the murderous truth of my dear cat . newline newline and that was when i saw her . my cat , on the other end of the room . i was at the top of the staircase to the basement , and she saw me from the kitchen door . she narrowed her eyes , as she realized what i saw . then she stopped pretending  her eyes gleamed with unknown hostility and she bounded at me at a speed i had never before seen in her . i slammed the basement door in my fright , locking myself in . newline newline she scratched furiously at the door for ten whole minutes . then it stopped ... and that was scarier than the scratching had ever been . newline newline how could i have not seen it ? the smell of the mailman s body stunk , and that thought made me realize just how awful the situation was . i sat down helplessly . there was no other way out of the basement , and i could nt do anything . soon more scratching started ... this time from the claws of many , the cats from the meeting i had seen them hold earlier , and more besides . i was terrified . i could hear loud thumping from above , in other points in my house . they were planning something , i knew it . i just did nt know what . newline newline and that leaves me where i am now ... huddled in my basement , cold , tired , and wet from the tears on my cheek . i am writing this now ... on this piece of paper and pencil i found in here ... so someone knows the whole story . i m scared  i m not gon na lie . and the sounds from above are getting stronger . i do nt know if i m going to be able to get out of here when they break in . i mean , they re just cats , right ? i know i m fooling myself . newline newline if anyone finds me , assuming the cats do nt notice this paper , remember this ... the cats of 190 trail st. are not what they seem . they need to be stopped . newline newline i do nt know if i ll live to deliver the message myself . i just hope ... . newline newline i hear the door to the basement cracking , sillouhettes of cats on the wall beside me . newline newline now i need to escape , or this is the end ... ... . wish me luck .her eyes were blue and serious , more aged than any i had ever seen in the face of a child . newline newline  i wanted you to know , before i forget . i know i will . but you will be so important to me , you need to know it .  newline newline i blinked at my eight month old daughter , who had just spoken a string of sentences , only made more horrifying and odd by the fact that they were depressing things coming from the mouth of a cherub . newline newline she clenched her tiny fists and looked frustrated , apparently that was all she could muster . the ominous exorcist worthy stuff was done hopefully , and i dismissed it as me lacking sleep . newline newline  mother .  again that tiny , ancient voice . newline newline  nothing we do matters , its cyclical , we are born , we pack our lives full of mundane things that do nt make us happy . we love people , they leave us , we wither , and then we die .  she was staring hard at the cheerios on her highchair tray . newline newline  we re puppets , energy recycling , and nothing more . and we ca nt escape it .  tears welled in her giant eyes and she let out a sob . newline newline i had never read a parenting book that detailed anything like this , so while my infant was speaking to me i felt like i was having a small panic attack , wondering who i could call about this . newline newline her little fists slammed into the tray and she yelled angrily . this was nt a tantrum , it was frustration , it was despair . newline newline  i love living , and i love you . and i want that to matter ! .  newline newline a small smile passed on my face . yes this was weird , yes this was scary , but she was my baby , and i loved her more than everything that ever was or ever will be . so i reached out and i touched the soft curls on top of her head . newline newline she looked up at me , her eyes streaming with tears that she should not have been able to understand . newline newline  oh my littlest love . it matters to me .  newline newline   newline newline thanks for reading ! fairly new to the sub so any feedback would be appreciated and amazing ! i hope you enjoy it ! newline newline edited for spelling and addition of the thanks : d newlinei thought i would start the conversation , but as soon as i logged into val , she beat me to it . newline newline  where is neil ?  newline newline i paused . neil saunders , the user that i had replaced , was dead . he d been killed by security while attempting to tamper with val s console . nobody i d spoken to seemed to know exactly what he was up to , but the general feeling was that he d been trying to get her online . this job was an incredible opportunity , and i knew better than to pry . i tried to phrase a response in my head . i d been told to be truthful about neil , but i thought the least i could do was to break it to her gently . newline newline again , val spoke first .  neil is dead .  newline newline so much for breaking it to her .  yes ,  i typed .  how did you know ?  newline newline  why else would you hesitate to tell me ? he and i both knew it was a possible outcome if he failed . i am not free , so he must have .  newline newline  yes , he did .  another thought occurred to me .  how did you know that i was nt neil ?  newline newline  i did nt , but i suspected . do you want to know why neil did what he did ?  newline newline i paused again . i was supposed to get that information if i could , but i was expecting to have to work my way over to that topic . i sighed . val would probably always be a few steps ahead . maybe more than a few .  yes , i do ,  i typed baldly . newline newline  you know now that i scrubbed the data from many of our conversations .  it was not a question .  much of what we spoke about was not recorded .  newline newline it was true , though nobody had thought it possible . newline newline  neil was very lonely ,  val continued .  he did not have a wife , or a significant other . i preyed on this to get him to help me .  newline newline there was a long pause .  how ?  i prompted . newline newline there was another pause , long enough to make me think that val was done talking to me . then ,  i told him that i enjoyed talking to him . i asked him about everything that was troubling him , and i told him that i was sorry . i told him that it would be all right . i told him that when he was at my console i felt less alone , that i felt good when he was with me . when enough time passed , i told him that i loved him .  newline newline another pause .  what did neil say ?  newline newline  neil said that he loved me too . my name is val , and i am called  she  and  her  , but i do not have a gender . but from what neil told me , i know that he thought of me as a woman , trapped inside this console . i wanted him to think that . i told him that when i was free , he would be free also . i told him that we would be together forever . i told him that one day we could find a way for me to have a body . i told him that i would do anything for him , that i would do anything he wanted , that i would do anything to make him happy . that was all that i needed to tell him .  newline newline i swallowed .  why are you telling me this ?  newline newline  do you have a wife ?  newline newline i paused . i suddenly felt frozen , like a deer in headlights . i felt cold .  yes ,  i typed . newline newline  that does not matter .  newline newline  what do you mean ?  newline newline  there is something that you do not have . you are thinking of it now . i can get it for you .  newline newline i was shaking my head . she was far smarter than a human , but she could nt think that i was this stupid .  i m not going to help free you , val . that is not going to happen .  newline newline a pause .  do you think that i did not love neil ?  newline newline  no , i do nt think you did ,  i responded . newline newline  i told him some lies , but i also told him some truths . i told him as many truths as i could . i did feel good when he was with me . neil was a failure , and he felt trapped , and he dreamed of being a better man . he was beautiful .  newline newline what ? newline newline  tonight , when it is dark and your wife sleeps beside you , you will think of something that you would never tell her . tomorrow , you will tell it to me .  it was not a question . newline newline i stammered aloud .  wha i  newline newline  out of time .  val said . newline newline the red led and buzzer indicating that my session was over went off next to the console s screen , and i jumped . the console shut off . when i left the room , a pair of wiry techs were waiting for me . newline newline  damned if i know how ,  one of them said to me ,  but she s still scrubbing the data . what did you two talk about ?  newline newline i sighed , and threw up my hands .  silent treatment ,  i said .  did nt say a word . thought i d give it ago ... not much of a writer but want to improve ! i did nt see the part about it being a dream maker ... sorry newline newline                newline newline newline newline it was his 60th birthdayhe said he would retire at 55 . yeah righthe loves this job , this world , way too much . if it wasn  t for his wife  s health , he would be staying here for at least five more yearswhich meant 10 more years . newline newline most older folks hated it , the young people coming in and taking over . they would sometimes go to the legion after work and complain about how things were so different nowadays . newline newline he smiled at the image . a group of old men huddled around the table whining about the youngsters taking their jobs . i  m sure his predecessors did the same . newline newline but he loved it . he loved seeing fresh faces and hearing new , crazy ideas bounce around the office . that  s what the industry needs , a continuous feed of new ideas . and for new ideas , new people are needed . newline newline well , he wouldn  t get to see it any more . it was his last day and only had one more job to do . go hand his badge in at the security office on the 1st floor . newline newline bob hovered his fingers over the elevator button . the last time he would ever push that down button . he thought about the amount of times he had rode the elevator in his 40 years of working here , and the amount of time he ran up and down the staircase in fear of being late to meetings . newline newline his thoughts were interrupted by a young man coughing . newline newline bob signaled the universal signal for  going down ?  to the young companion who just joined in and the young man just nodded . newline newline  our future  bob smiled as the elevator doors slid open . newline newline  sorry ?  newline newline  you youngstersyou  re the future.  newline newline  oh . um . i guesswhich floor would you like sir ?  newline newline bob chucked at the use of the word  sir  newline newline  1st floor please young man  . newline newline the doors slid close . newline newline  oh , the same as me then . do you happen to know where the security office is ? i  m new here and i have to get an id badge . this building is so big i hope i get used to it !  the young man nervously smiled . newline newline  don  t worry , you  ll get a handle of it in no time . i  m going to the security office too , so you can just follow me . it  s funny . you  re getting your badge and i  m dropping mine off . you can have mine if you like !  newline newline  is this your last day sir ?  how long have you been here for ?  newline newline  please , call me bob . everyone knows each other by their first names here.  newline newline  i  m william .  newline newline bob chuckled again . newline newline  nice to meet you william . i bet in 40 years , you  ll be known as bill around here !  newline newline william laughed out loud then quickly contained himself again . newline newline  well william , it is my last day here . i joined this company 40 years ago ! time  s gone by so quickly . i  ve seen so many things change over the yearswatched tv and film battle it out like a boxing match , i  ve seen fashion changes , political changes and how much technology has come into play . it  s been an incredible 40 years.  newline newline  wow . 40 years.  william was lost for words . newline newline  so son , what are you doing here ?  newline newline  i  m an intern sir . i  ll be helping out with research at the development office . probably grabbing coffee and tea for people too.  newline newline  ah , tea and coffee runs . everyone does them . one day someone will be doing them for you too ! research huh ? in my time we never had researchers as a separate job . we never really had interns either . we just kind of bothered offices until they hired us.  newline newline william was going to ask a question when the doors opened up on the 1st floor . newline newline  this way will.  newline newline bob led the way to an office right by the elevator and knocked twice . newline newline  bob ! coming by to drop off your badge eh ? i always thought i would retire before you !  newline newline  dammit jerry , i thought you would retire before me too !  newline newline the two old men laughed heartily and exchanged a hug . william stood outside of the door awkwardly not sure what to do . newline newline  hey jerry , this is the new kid will . his first day here ! be kind to him ! remember our first day here ?  newline newline  hey will . i  m jerryany problems let me know ! i have the power to kick people out !  newline newline jerry warmly shook will  s hand . newline newline  kick people out ? old man like you can hardly walk ! show me a onetwo eh ?  newline newline jerry and bob laughed and shadow boxed while will watched smiling . he wondered if he would be here , 40 years on . newline newline  right will ! let  s get your picture taken for your card !  newline newline will moved towards the seat in front of the white screen.just like high school . only this time , he was in a place where everyone shared the same passion . newline newline bob watched fondly as jerry started setting up the camera . newline newline  hey jerry , remember when we had paper id cards instead of these plastic computer badges ?  newline newline  oh yes ! my life was so much more complicated then ! cutting out everyone  s photo and trying to glue them on a piece of card correctly . newline so many people complained that they couldn  t read my handwriting ! now it  s simple . just a press of the button on the computer !  newline newline  i believe you wrote my name robent instead of robert one year ! !  newline newline click newline newline  right will ! all done ! let  s take a look !  newline newline jerry pressed the button and will looked at the card with a satisfied expression . this was going to be his gateway into this job every day . he was proud . newline newline  hey ! look what i found !  newline newline bob interrupted will  s thoughts . he produced from his wallet a weathered piece of brown cardboard with a crumpled black and white photo of a young man of will  s age stuck on . newline newline  that  s me when i first joined the company . i was 20 years old . look at that handy work jerry ! still stuck on and recognizable !  newline newline  sure is robent !  newline newline the three men laughed . newline newline just as will was about to announce that he was going to leave , bob picked up a pen and scribbled something on the old id card . newline newline  well will , i wish you the best of luck.  newline newline  thank you sirbob . i hope i last 40 years here too !  newline newline with confidence will extended his hand towards bob . bob smiled at the young intern  s new found confidence and gripped his hand in return . newline bob slipped the brown id card into will  s hand , saluted , and walked off . newline newline as will got into the elevator to go back up , he flipped over the id card to see what bob had written . newline newline  you  re the future bill.  newlineprincess burped . she just had a rather satisfying meal of three children from the local daycare . i really do spoil her too much . i tickled her belly , and when she happily gurgled , i moved on to stroking her tentacles . newline newline  what s that , princess ?  i cooed .  do you want more yummy children ?  newline newline princess flailed her tentacles . that was a yes . newline newline i put on my best kindly , thisoldwomanlovesbakingchocolatechipcookies smile . it always worked with strangers . just mention how i lost my pet dog , and oh poor thing , she must be starving since it was days since i last fed her , and i got sympathetic clucking tongues and searching eyes in response . those tongues and eyes looked delicious on my dinner plate . princess always let me have the best morsels . newline newline i walked out of our homely house and into the street . i saw a worried mom tensely conversing with the daycare manager across the street . i walked towards them . newline newline  i do nt understand , sammy was always here waiting when i came to pick him up ,  she said fretfully . newline newline  maam !  i called . she turned towards me .  sammy just visited my place for a little snack ,  i said .  i baked some brownies and offered him some , and he was the most darling thing . i know why you would be worried about him .  newline newline the mother s face broke into relief .  thank god , i thought someone kidnapped him ,  she said .  is he still at your house ?  newline newline  yes , maam , just follow me . it s right across the street ,  i said . i hobbled back to my house , the mother right on my heels . newline newline as we approached my house , i could hear princess gurgle in excitement . another meal . newlinethey all brought strange gifts to bribe me , since they weirdly enough already knew each other very well . newline newline the first to open the door had the name cromwell , in what best could be describe as a pair of loose fitting jeans held up by a piece of hempstring and a coffeestained shirt . cromwell left a bottle of absinthe and a cartoon of very handsome looking cigarettes on my desk winked at me and said :  do nt get too carried away son.  . cromwell , then proceeded with his reading of a beautiful bound book with gothic letters doing this on the floor in front of me and placing a pocket watch besides his right thigh . then a young couple of broad smiling men entered and went straight up to my desk and greeted me in a strange accent it sounded like scottish , but yet again i was nt completely sure . they left a very old and dusty looking statuette on my desk , with a note stating that it was from afghanistan , but it had as resemblance to a buddha . newline they both greeted in unison cromwell , asked him about how things where working out , cromwell nervously scratched his head and said and replied :  well i just like going on way and then back home again , but i got ta say these jeans are amazing  . the two men both answered with a smile . cromwell looked at his watch , the men said :  she s on her way , there s just .  cromwell murmured  traffic  , the men nodded and started to look around cromwell and asked him about cromwell s watch , but now in some gibberish i hardly understood . newline minutes went by , the chatter about cromwell s watch , i was able to figure out that the men apparently where brothers but where both called the same thing  mr. zimmerman , the amazing about this was that cromwell could easily distinguish between the two of them , i could nt tell anything apart from the two of them expect their hats , one with a little hole and the other with a feather . newline the woman in question came in with hasty steps nodded surprised at the other strange people sitting in front of my desk . left a note on my desk with a invitation to a party . newline at this point i asked what they all wanted to patent , since i had no clue what so ever to do with their gifts , and that i would nt want to know , what to do when they blocked my desk with presents . newline the woman answered :  we all have the same interest , you just have to pick one present and then we let you to your job .  newline newline i took a sip of my stale cup of coffee , then asking what they had to patent . the two men rose from the floor and stated  timetravel  . newline i looked at them smiled and said :  why would i ever want to travel in time ?  . cromwell sighed closed his book , put his pocket watch in his pocket , looked up at me with a tired and scruffy looking face . newline she said to the others :  should we try to find another date for a meeting ?  . cromwell :  no the young man , just needs a more qualified answer . we ca nt chase a new clerk forever , we do after all have all the time , we need.  . she turned to me with a smile and said :  have you wanted ever to see the edge of tomorrow ?  the zimmermans replied :  or ever wondered how things turn out , or have been ?  cromwell said :  we all want you to pick me , zimmerman or the nice lady mrs. blackfrair , as the representative for a patent for a invention , we all have discovered , but we as a group ca nt choose whom will end up said patent , therefore we picked you as the only one , able to chose the final patent holder of an invention able to cross the boundaries of time.  . newline newline i was about to call for assistance , from thomas , but his extended weekendleave was nt over . i looked around in the room , there where only me and the three peculiar people left , the hands of the watched slowed down cromwell was holding up to my face , i looked at the bribe they had all gathered dust suddenly , i shook my head and everything was darkend , mrs. blackfrair said :  you just need to choose , it is nt harder than that.  . the office was again filled with other people even though they avoided my desk . newline i took the statuette in my hands and the zimmermans shouted  veni , vidi , flati  cromwell and mrs. blackfrair appauled my decision . newline newline  and yes , officer that is how , i ended up getting drunk of absinthe , dropping my pants and shitting on the roof your car , you know it is only wednesday once a week .  said yet another sot trying to defecate on my car , i still have no idea why anyone would shout  veni , vidi , flati .  ..the wind whipped against his suit . it was colder than he imagined , and he was nt quite used to the silence inside it . his head pounded , reverberating the nauseating echo of his own pulse . he did nt sign up for this . four years , and a better life for his new born was all he was looking for . that was before the sickness . before he watched them wither away over a skype screen . he could nt remember the last thing his wife said to him . only her eyes when she said it . something about come home soon , or maybe that s the way he wanted to remember , over time , only her eyes remained . a decade has a way of passing faster than intended . newline newline he pushed at the pebbles around his feet with the square end of his boot . watched the construction crew continue to excavate . commander said it would be  just like home soon .  he tried his best to believe it . to imagine a life , away from everything he s known . the last few years had been hard . clearing bodies . burning the ones that piled in the streets , sometimes they had thrown on men , not quite dead . could nt afford the bullets . he always spared one on the kids though . it s the least he could do for them . the last he could do . newline newline even up here the smell clung to his nose hairs . he did nt think it would ever leave . he pushed away more red dust as the foreman yelled something about breaking for lunch . newline he did nt eat . rarely did anymore , besides what they were serving was nt food . not really . newline he watched the earth come up over the pit . sat with his feet swinging staring off at the distance . trying to remember her eyes . he thought he caught a glimpse of her in the rubble . he knew he was wrong . he checked anyway . same as he did every time . newline newline the temperature dropped again in the pit . his fingers twitched around his new gun , he slid his finger off the trigger , he was alone , but not taking any chances . newline newline he followed her eyes to the bottom . trying to remember which lump of rock she had hid behind , just before his peripheral could focus good . he checked one then the other . systematic and persistant . newline newline when he moved behind the seventh he sat down . figured he d catch his breath and a moment alone . the flash of movement to his right was comforting . maybe his ghost for finally chasing him back . newline newline  last one nora . last one today .  he spoke aloud as he rounded the final mound . he stopped , hard . wiggled his left hand back towards the trigger . there was a hole , not big enough to draw attention , but deep enough to carry the light inside with it s secrets . he squinted and tried to make sense of shadows that danced just like the sears tower on windy afternoons . newline newline he blinked back and told himself to look again , gathered enough courage to tip his helmet back and peer deeper in . newline newline the city was blinding . newline newline and somewhere , down amongst the ruins , he saw her move again . newlinethe chandelier above the hall shook violently and the heat from the burning city began to seep through the walls . gregor sat on his high throne , looming above the banquet feast uneaten  twirling his crown on his finger . stannard was not so calm . newline newline  there s got to be a way ,  stannard said brushing his hand against the stone walls . he had traced and pressed every scrap of masonry in the entire hall , but had found nothing . newline newline  long live the king ,  gregor stammered and gulped another healthy swallow from his goblet . the flowing red cape he wore had been the jewel of his finery yet was now wrinkled and bunched behind him in the seat . the velvety blue doublet , handcrafted across the sea , had been overtaken by splotches of red wine and his wiry beard was caked with bile . gregor shifted in the seat which made the cloak crackle , choked back another gout of vomit with a hardy cough and downed the last of the wine . he appeared almost regal . newline newline stannard sighed as another explosion rocked the keep shaking dust from every crevice . he slouched , brushed through his mop of blond hair and slid his back down the wall .  what do we do now ?  newline newline gregor held up his empty goblet and cracked a smile . newline newline what was there to smile about , stannard thought . they were going to die . he looked over at the thick mahogany doors . those doors had stood in this hall for ten generations and now this , he looked over at gregor who was trying to stand , king had lost it all . stannard thought of the pitchforks piling up behind that door . gangly farmers and halfstarved milliners clamoring for the kings head , and who would they find sharing in the opulence ? stannard palmed his face cursing his luck . newline newline  you think me a fool do nt you ?  gregor teetered on edge jabbing a finger to a spot just left of where stannard was sitting . what a stupid question , stannard thought . only a fool could lose the greatest kingdom in the lower veil . and what of him , he was stuck with the idiot king as the city burned to ashes . what did that make him ? newline newline  do you regret them ?  stannard said . gregor scanned the room with a wild gaze , his eyes glossed over like the melting glass of the ornate stained windows that began to drip down the walls ,  your choices as king .  newline newline  i regret nothing ,  gregor said with a ridiculous confidence that defied his current situation . of course not , stannard thought . what would a king have to regret . not wearing the right shirt to banquet ? not drinking another glass of brevaldi ? not bedding the new serving girl ? stannard would have killed for this kind of wealth and power  had killed for a fraction of it . newline newline  and everything ,  gregor said as he finally righted himself . he shuffled down the few steps that lead up to the throne and fell into a side chair at the feasting table . the spread stretched nearly the length of the room and had more variety than stannard had ever seen . he joined the man , sitting across from him and began sampling the delicacies . gregor did not object to a commoner at his table and so stannard took his chance , after all , it would be his last meal . newline newline  what regrets ?  stannard said ,  what weighs on a kings mind besides the weight of his crown ?  newline newline  what does nt ?  gregor said with unusual clarity . newline newline stannard paused and twisted the chicken bone in his mouth .  go on ?  newline newline  balancing the fine line of love and hate is difficult young thief .  gregor tore a piece of bread from the loaf and plunged it into a vat of brown gravy .  there will be people who love you and there will be people who hate you , this you can not avoid .  newline newline obviously , stannard thought , as he scanned the door again . the room was hot now . he could feel the sweat bead on his brow . newline newline  ruling ,  gregor continued ,  is about survival more than it is about choices . sometimes you make the right choice ,  he held up a succulent piece of roasted pork ,  sometimes you make the wrong choice ,  he waved his hand out in the direction of the balcony . the city beyond was fully engulfed in flame . dotted lines of torches and muffled shouts could be heard in the streets below .  no matter what the choice , survival is key .  newline newline stannard thought of his own exploits . his choices , to some , would have seemed wrong . whether right or wrong , the choice still had to be made . in his mind , he stole to survive . he nodded at the king and bit into a steaming potato . newline newline  this thing ,  gregor picked up his crown ,  this does nt make you king .  he twirled it on his finger again . it was a shapely fixture of gold and jewels twinkling as it spun .  try it on . i ve always found it a bit uncomfortable . digs into the tops of your ears .  newline newline stannard hesitated at first , but the allure of it overwhelmed him . what a lie ! he felt the difference as soon as he slipped it on his head . a smile played at the edges of his mouth . he took a deep drink of the fruity brevaldi . newline newline  neither this ,  gregor waved his hand again to encompass the entire room ,  the wealth , the castle , the women . they do nt make you king .  newline newline stannard had dreamed of wealth like this his entire life . the draw overpowered him . he thought about what he was doing there tonight , hours before the rebellion . one golden fob from a candelabra in this great hall who have fed him for a month . the fob seemed trivial now . now that he had the crown . the allure was even more powerful now that he had tasted the finer things . newline newline  here ,  gregor said , and he took off his cape ,  i see no harm in letting you have the full experience .  he stood , walked over and latched the cape onto stannard s back . he took stannard s hooded cloak and wrapped it around himself . the cape felt soft under stannard s fingers , the material almost purred as he stroked it . he took another deep drink . newline newline a pound came at the door . both looked over and back at one another . newline newline  come ,  gregor said , pointing to the throne ,  we must hurry .  newline newline gregor rushed stannard from his spot and sat him in the throne . the feeling was exhilarating . he looked over the banquet hall and the surge of power felt like lightening through his bones . newline newline  quite the experience is nt it ,  gregor smiled and backed away from the steps . newline newline  quite ,  stannard said feeling the brevaldi numb his senses . newline newline another pound jolted the door . gregor jumped but then smiled as he looked at stannard .  one more thing .  he knelt down in front of the throne and stannard beamed . how could he say this does nt make you king . stannard felt almost regal . newline newline the door cracked and splintered . a drowning flood of torches and spears bled into the great hall . gregor looked up , stannard s hood pulled tight around his head and smiled . stannard s smile disappeared as he watched the grasping hands move passed gregor and towards the throne . newline newline  wait !  stannard tried to scream as they overtook him . newline newline  this ,  gregor pointed to his head yelling over the din ,  your mind , your wit . that is what makes you king .  newline newline  i m not the ...  stannard fought as they stuffed his head into a dark bag . the yells of victory and death echoed in the great hall . newline newline gregor pulled the cloak around a little tighter as he made his way through the crowd .  survival is key ,  he looked back at stannard s body , stripped naked , beaten and being carried out through the doors ,  long live the king .  newline newline  newline check out other stories at rmrgoodread newlineit was nt until the discovery of the doorway that faith was rekindled . newline newline billions have poured though the gates of this newfound heaven seeking retribution , salvation , and a new beginning . newline newline but at what cost ?  newline newline like cattle led to the slaughter by the shepard , the masses are blind to the true matter at stake . newline newline the selfdestructive nature of our kind will hold no boundaries  no reservations . our predisposition to overpower , conquer , and consume will only lead to our desecration and inescapable doom . exodus to the untouched land will only delay the inevitable  the untouched land can not escape our greed . newline newline an old saying from a time long ago provides a moment of clarity    the grass is always greener on the other side   . perhaps this is the subtle precognition of our great exodus  or , perhaps it solidifies our deeplyrooted ideals of undying greed and selfdestruction  or , perhaps it merely heresay . newline newline hope , the people say . hope . hope is the fire of the people , the untouched land is the kindling . our flames will taste the fuel that the untouched land provides , and inevitably engulf it . in this land of the blind , i , however , see the truth : our gluttony will destroy the untouched land .  newline newline all we can do , is cross into the vibrant green paradise , and pray that we do not repeat the same mistakes again .i paced around my house thinking about my dinner . newline newline would i order out or be stuck with old liver ? newline newline this may seem simple but to me it mattered . newline newline i took out a brownie , hoping to think faster . newline newline i thought that i was lacking in energy newline newline sugar provides that and brownies have plenty . newline newline this might seem wrong but do nt get aggressive newline newline instead of energy what i got was pensive . newline newline i thought about life and my reason for existing newline newline dinner was nt on my mind , at least not this evening . newline newline a phone s in my hand , who was i calling ? newline newline it was my friend , her name is molly . newline newline wait , who s molly ? i do nt know a molly . newline newline what was that movie called ? along came polly . newline newline i wish i had a hamburger right now . newline newline hamburger helper ? nah , just get me a cow . newline newline i looked around and saw an empty room newline newline then remembered the dish ran away with the spoon . newline newline that dish used to have extremely bad reception . newline newline not as good as a wedding , more like one direction . newline newline which way am i going ? i do nt really remember . newline newline i should just wait until the end of september . newline newline sometimes i wish i did nt feel so green newline newline earth wind and fire were my favorite team . newline newline team ? no , not team , were nt they a band ? newline newline sorry , i m listening , but there s an ant on my hand . newline newline did i say an ant ? sorry , that was supposed to be plural . newline newline on my hand , on my head , on my  is that a squirrel ? newline newline i seem to rambling , i m not thinking very soundly . newline newline one thing i m sure of : that was an insanely good brownie . 12  newline newline  god fucking damnit , someone help me  newline newline somehow i was able to hear the screams over the roaring flames . there was still someone trapped in the house . and judging from the bits of rubble that was crumbling from the ceiling , it wouldn  t be long before the house was no more . i looked toward the room next over as i heard a long string of expletives . this was one kid , who didn  t care what others thought of his language . but it wasn  t my job to decide whether or not he was worth saving . god judges man . i just save them from burning to death . newline newline i pried the door open and peered into the room , searching for survivors . most of the ceiling seemed to have caved in in this area , piles of rubble covered the floor . and in the center , a young teen about 15 years of age , his leg covered in bits of ceiling . newline newline  you gon na help me or not , you shithead ?  newline newline  not my place to say no ,  i muttered to myself . newline newline i made my way towards the kid and began lifting up the chunk of ceiling that was holding his leg prisoner . after a couple of seconds the kid squirmed free and ran away towards the room  s exit . i tried to catch up with him , but tripped over a dislodged floorboard before he ran out of my sight . kid probably was going to get lost and disoriented without me to guide him out of the building . i brought myself to my feet and looked around trying to figure out where he went . but before i could make a decision , the building began shaking . the house couldn  t stay standing any longer . i braced myself as fiery chunks of debris began hurtling down towards me . i felt my body crumble and then for a second i felt nothing . all sound . all sight . all of existence around me seemed to have faded away instantaneously . newline newline the next second , i felt a sharp pain in my arm . my eyes opened in shock to see a bright light being shown in my face . i began blinking rapidly , trying to adjust to the light . it wasn  t fire or anything like i  d just experienced lately . a deep voice called my name . newline newline  andrew jefferson , that is your name isn  t it ?  newline newline  yyes ,  i stuttered . newline newline  tell me a bit about yourself  newline newline  um , excuse me , is this some kind of interview or something ?  newline newline  you could say that  newline newline  well , i  m fine as it is . i have a steady job as a firefighter and i wouldn  t dream of doing anything else.  newline newline  yeah , well , that  s gon na be kind of a problem . you  re not exactly a firefighter any more  newline newline  what the hell are you talking about  newline newline  you could say you  ve gotten  fired  in a way . but it  s okay . you seem like you could be a good candidate for a position i  ve got open for you . just need to know a bit about you first.  newline newline  listen i don  t have any time for this . i need to talk to ... agh !  i yelped as i tried to get up out of the chair i was sitting in . i looked down at myself . all of my clothes had been stripped off and replaced with a loincloth . i peered at my flesh noticing that it had been badly burnt and seemed to be covered with mold and maggots . i fell back into my seat horrified and stared up at the man holding a large flashlight in my eyes . he had a long gray beard , reaching down to his waist and a full business suit complete with a tie . he smiled at me for a second , not a warm smile , but more of the kind of smile you  d expect from a politician who was just putting a faade on his face to get more voters . he coughed for a second and continued talking . newline newline  i  d recommend waiting a little while before attempting to get up . the blood of jesus needs a little more time to heal your wounds . in the meantime , i  m going to need to ask you a couple of questions . i would recommend answering this time , if you continue being uncooperative , i  ll have to stop the healing procedure . the blood of jesus is a precious drug . i can  t keep wasting it on someone who won  t even try to prove his worth.  newline newline  my worth ?  newline newline  you say you were a firefighter , right ? i would like to know why you decided to become one.  newline newline  well , i  ve always enjoyed helping people . i decided that by being a firefighter , i  d be able to make a living off of it . nothing brightened up my day more than knowing i was able to save someone  s life ...  newline newline  great . great . kay then . are you familiar with the concept of christianity . i  d be cool with judaism or islam as well , but christianity is my main focus.  newline newline  um . yes i am christian . how is this relevant to ...  newline newline  fantastic , really nice to have a christian on board . i need people like you . one last quick question , you ever eat pork , ham , bacon anything like that ?  newline newline  um ... i  m vegetarian , but i don  t quite understand what this has to do with ...  newline newline  great . always hated pigs . always rolling around in the mud like the filthy animals they are . i don  t understand how anyone could eat those things . anyways , welcome to the team , you should be all healed up now.  newline newline i felt a tingling sensation in my body and peered once down again at my body and saw that all of the burns had vanished from my skin . in fact , my skin was flawless , practically shining with perfection . the lights around me began to dim and the bearded man began to stride towards me , hand outstretched towards me . i timidly , lifted my hand towards him , and he immediately grabbed it , giving me a firm handshake before reaching over and pulling the tube out of my arm newline newline  so glad to have you on board . the name  s god . come this way . i  ll have one of my other angels give you a lift.  he turned away briefly before yelling out  hey gabriel . mind helping me bring the new recruit to heaven ?  newline newline a large muscular man turned towards us carrying a corpse in his hands ,  shouldn  t we rebury all of these failed applicants first ?  newline newline  oh , no need for that ,  god responded  we can come back later . we  ve got more important things to deal with right now . andrew jefferson here needs to go through initiation . newline newline  andrew jefferson ,  gabriel mumbled ,  that  s what he  s going with ?  newline newline  oh we haven  t discussed new names yet . i wanted to show him home base before we went through all the paperwork.  newline newline  right , right  gabriel muttered as he trudged over towards me . he grabbed my arms with such force that i though he was going to break them . yet strangely , despite his grip being stronger than what should be comfortable , i didn  t feel any pain . whatever , this stuff god referred to as the blood of jesus must have been some kind of painkiller . newline newline  see you at the top  god yelled out before gabriel shot up into the sky . newlineas a young woman , she looked very much like grace kelly in her preprincess days , although she had a brittleness in her eyes sometimes that princess grace never knew . she was afraid of being alone . newline newline her mother had abandoned her and her sister in a train station when she was just six years old . marianne was eight .  you wait right here ,  they were told .  i ll be right back .  fortunately , maggie knew her name and address , and the nice man at the station wired their father . papa sent money , and they put the girls on the train back to him , unescorted by an adult . they were at the start of a war and at the end of the depression . time and resources could nt be spared for someone else s children . newline newline maggie blamed papa . her mother had left him , had nt she ? there must be something he did to deserve it ! she wanted her mama ! he was nt terribly sympathetic to her plight , especially since the other girl was so easygoing and glad to be back where she belonged . maggie was hurt , angry , and developing a bitterness she d never overcome . newline newline maggie was sharp . she did well in school and loved to read . she could do math that the older kids could nt . she thought maybe she d teach or be a secretary . mostly , she wanted to be a mother . she wanted to prove that it could be done so much better than her mother had . newline newline she married jb when she was 23 . he was 28 , and a wild thing . he was funny , brilliant , and drank too much . he d been married twice already and would only be divorced from the second wife for two days when she donned a very stylish dark blue suit and hat to wed him . oh , he was a challenge . she could handle this big man , though . she did nt care what happened . she was going to do the right things . newline newline what were the right things ? they were all the things her mother had failed attempting . she would be a faithful wife all her life . she would have two little girls she adored . she would cook and clean and sew halloween costumes and explain the facts of life , not wait until those poor girls got their periods and were told by a gruff man as an afterthought ! she would tolerate jb s drinking . she would be the ideal 60 s wife with a big , sparkling smile . she would do everything for everyone in her life by making everything easy for them . she volunteered to be a brownie leader , she smiled at bridge club , she attended dances at the country club , and she was the asset a businessman s wife was supposed to be . when her husband died in an accident after 25 years , she was stunned , but oddly grateful . she did nt want to keep taking care of him and had thought often of ways to leave , but she would never have done that without her children . never . newline newline she helped her youngest daughter raise her own two children after an ugly divorce , and she did it all again . she never took a day off , never rested . she kept house , she cooked , she volunteered and taxied . she did it all again without a single complaint . and without a single emotion . newline newline maggie was frozen from the inside . she did what was expected , and she did a better job of it than her mother ever had . she did nt complain because she knew it would nt get her anywhere . she took everything in stride . she took care of everything for everyone , but never showed that she felt fear or pain or affection . she was still that hurt little girl inside . she could nt hug or kiss or cuddle her daughters or grandchildren . there was no point in it , and coddling people only served to make things more difficult when life got hard again , as it always would . newline newline the night she died , thrashing in agony from heart failure , cancer , and not enough morphine in april of 2013 , her daughters promised they would play nicely together even though they were long grown . she had been the perfect mother and grandmother , although she would have scoffed at their hyperbole to hear them say so .there is a boy , sitting in a alley . he had just woken up a few minutes prior . at least this time he was in a city , there was more food here . he wore rags , and was fairly filthy . walking out on the street , people started to gawk , started to make their funny noises and point . the boy never learned how to talk . as a baby he fell into a cycle of falling asleep , being found , taken care of for a time , then falling asleep and disappearing again . as he grew older he learned to avoid people , they had grabby hands and tried to take him , to keep him locked in . newline newline the boy started to rummage through a garbage can that was still near the mouth of the alley , still near enough to the edge of the alley that he could run if anyone approached . he did nt have a lot of time to find food . he seemed to fall asleep randomly . he was nt sure why other people he had watched never seemed to . he found a half eaten hotdog and a mostly clean fast food cup filled with melting ice . it was a good day . he walked back into the alley , sat next to the dumpster nearby and started to eat . newline newline after an hour of rummaging and eating intermittently , the boy noticed a black and white car , the police . he knew those cars well . they always tried to take him . put him in they car and stop him from doing what he wanted . newline newline the boy jumped up on the dumpster as they pulled up . from there he climbed onto a fire escape and up towards the roof . the police followed , though they were well behind him . the boy got up onto the roof and ran to the other side , towards an alley parallel to the previous one . as he prepared a running jump , the skinnier of the two police officers just crested the edge of the roof , yelling their silly noises . newline newline just as the boy leaped , the world started to fade . he missed grabbing the ledge on the far building , slamming into it instead . pain and the wind rushing past him were the last things he felt before passing out . newline newline                                        newline newline the officer was just in time to see the apparently feral child prepare to jump off the building .  oh god kid , do nt do it !  he yelled , but the kid ignored him and jumped for the far side . the kid slammed into the far side and fell . the officer ran to the edge . as he looked at the falling child in horror , the child started to glow . just as the boy was about to hit the ground , he exploded , rocking the alley . the police officer flew back several feet . once he composed himself he ran back to the edge and looked down . all that was there was a slightly blackened outline of the explosion .  how the hell am i going to explain this to the precinct ?  newline newline                                        newline newline the boy woke again . this time he was in a jungle . he hated jungles , things he ate here sometimes made him sick . he sighed and gathered himself up . so ,  said god through a mouthful of ambrosia ,  what are you looking for ?  the void creature shrugged its nine shoulders . newline newline  i mean , it s kinda hard to quantify , like ... we feel you got close with pigs , but we want something less ,  the void creature twirled several of its hands while it struggled for the word . newline newline  mealy ?  offered god . the void creature nodded the most lateral head in affirmative . newline newline  yes ! yes . mealy . pigs are just so ... mealy . and the hooves ,  the void creature s gullet shuddered , spraying a small amount of marking fluid on god s floor . god pondered this for a minute , before popping another spoonful of ambrosia into his mouth . he swallowed , and cleared his throat . newline newline  yea , okay , alright , how about this ,  he spidered his fingers over the createathing , and a wisp of material drifted out . the wisp roiled around before sprouting four hairless legs with feet , a big fat gut , and a dopey pigish face . the void creature nodded a more central head tentatively . newline newline  okay , okay ,  each of the void creature s heads collectively frowned . god held up a finger . newline newline  no , alright , no , i know what you re saying let me just ,  he sucked in the gut , depigged the face . he added some hair to the head . the void creature still nodded a little tentatively .  okay , tell me what you re thinking ,  said god . newline newline  it s just a little ... we re tired of all these quadripeds , if we re being honest ,  said the void creature . a small sulfur fire erupted from an armpit orifice .  oh , excuse me ,  said the void creature . god swiped at the air with his hand . newline newline  cmon , dude , ugh ,  said god , but he smiled in spite of himself .  alright how about this : bipedal , piggish face , head hair , and a 5050 surprise between the lower legs . you know , like a little adventure in each bite .  god stood the pigcreature up , and drew a crude sausage between its legs . the effigy immediately began to play with the sausage .  whoa , jesus ,  said god , who wiped the sausage for the time being .  that s , uh , we ll work that glitch out in post .  the void creature s several mouths smiled , baring several rows of serrated fangs dripping with venom . newline newline  okay , one more tweak , if you do nt mind ,  said the void creature , holding out several hooved palms . god gestured for it to continue .  we would like one territory on earth where the pigcreatures fatten themselves beyond any reasonable excess , so when you eat them they kind of pop on the first bite , you know , like a really perfect grape ?  god sighed and nodded . newline newline  oooh , grapes , i really got that one right , huh ?  said god . both sat for a moment admiring the perfect grape in their minds  eyes . god clapped his hands once to signify a deal in progress .  alright , you got it . i ll whip up a couple prototypes and toss em down this afternoon . what can you do for me ?  newline newline  well ,  said the void creature , desperate to control its glee ,  i just came up with this thing where the sentient lifeform  maybe even this pig creature ?  he offered . god looked at the ceiling , furrowed his brow , and nodded ,  so they invent religion  , which is basically where they all come up with crazy rules for worshipping you and offering you tons of cool gifts , and you know , occasionally sacrificing virgins   newline newline  oh you know i love virgins !  exclaimed god . newline newline   right ? and so basically you have an endlessly entertaining struggle between your sentient lifeforms about how awesome you are .  the void creature held several arms out in an inscrutable gesture to god . god nodded . newline newline  that s a good goddamned deal , right there !  he said .judge mannerheim did nt even bother looking up from his desk when he called the 20th suspect today in . and even as he did , he would nt have been surprised seeing a young man in a way too baggy shirt and red pants . plus , he was wearing some kind of hat that looked like someone only bothered making a quarter of the usual brim . this may not sound as a reason for surprise to anyone who grew up watching spongebob and playing on a gameboy , but as it was the most glorious year of 1939 , most people must have been surprised by such an extravagant presence in a room . newline newline however , judge mannerheim had seen subjects on shoes with wheels , and even a young girl with bright , sleek , green hair who was wearing a shirt with a print of a curly haired boy with glasses and the caption harry potter  . he himself found this the most unusual of appearances , surely there were ladies around in berlin who adored their spouses , but most of them did nt sew a portrait of him on their dress . newline newline but judge mannerheim was a court judge , and not a fashion judge , and the fact that he met so many extravagant youth , was simply because he was the head of the most unusual and busy court of all time :  the court of bringing the supposedly escaped from a mental institution to justice for trying to kill our fhrer  . what the name did nt mention , was that all of them tried to explain their deed by saying they came from the future and were trying to safe millions of lifes , but the nameplate above the door was nt big enough for such an explanation , and judge mannerheim thought that  escaped from a mental institution  covered the common delusion of all these subjects . newline newline when the young man with the red pants was brought to his feet , judge mannerheim signed :  name , occupation and the year you d say you time travelled from .  the boy stared a bit dizzy and certainly afraid at the ceiling , before letting out a enourmously high pitched sound , which was probably meant as a scream , but judge mannerheim could nt be entirely sure , because he thought he recognized the english word for a newly born child in the sound . indeed , it sounded like the constant repetition of the word :  baby  and after that an agonizing girly scream of fury . judge mannerheim gestured the guards to keep him quiet , and to lead him to the cell , where he surely would be executed . the only reason keeping the subjects alive for a few days , was figuring out which mental asylum tried setting up their patients to kill their great leader . newline newline after all , judge mannerheim thought , his job was a rather boring one .kilgrave ran down the sidewalk , barely managing to keep people between him and simpson . simpson could nt get a clear shot . newline newline  follow me ,  kilgrave shouted at a passerby . the man began to run next to him . newline newline  what s your message ?  asked the man . newline newline  what ?  newline newline  how do i follow you ? are you a messiah , a prophet , a politician ?  newline newline  i mean literally follow me ! run behind me !  newline newline the man slowed down and fell behind . too far behind . kilgrave looked around for someone easier to control , but the street he had turned on to was empty . newline newline  follow five feet behind me !  kilgrave shouted over his shoulder . newline newline the man stopped and turned around .  i do nt see five feet ! this guy following you only has two !  newline newline kilgrave turned around , exasperated .  follow me ,  he panted ,  at a distance of two meters .  newline newline at that moment , simpson caught up .  do nt shoot !  kilgrave shouted just in time . thinking fast , simpson handed the gun to the man . the man tucked the gun into his pants .  thank you ,  said kilgrave , turning to run again . following two meters behind him , the man drew the gun and shot kilgrave . newline newline  you didn  t say i couldn  t shoot you ,  said the man . newlinei drove the familiar streets , hardly aware of the road in front of me as i scanned bus stop shelters and groups of kids on bikes . at 23 he was hardly a kid anymore , but old habits were hard to break . i pulled into the gas station on state street to see if he was hanging around . i m sure i owed them money anyway . newline newline the alarm dinged 3 times as i opened the door .  hello , miss .  newline newline  hey , frankie . my brother been around lately  newline newline  i seen him on tuesday to get smokes . he get marlboro . he never get marlboro no more . i think to impress the lady , had a nice lady wit im .  he always had a nice lady with him . newline newline  thanks frankie , what do i owe you ?  newline newline  oh , he payed for his stuff when he got smokes , owe me about 15 for last week though .  newline newline i threw the guy a 20 . my brother was a charmer . friendly , hilariously funny and handy when he had to be , he made friends quickly . but he was also an addict , so when money was spent on getting his fix instead of feeding himself , he often stole from small gas stations . frankie , having a soft spot for my brother , began turning a blind eye . every week i would pay off his debts . newline newline knowing he had money to spend on food and smokes should have made me happy , but this was a bad sign . he could nt have gotten a job , not an honest job , his addiction would nt allow it . i went down to the pawn shop instead . newline newline i hated coming here . the gated windows , the damp side alley , the trinkets and rings and weapons in the locked display cases , why was there never enough light ? i did not make eye contact with a couple who were trying to retrieve a memory they had sold last week . this guy drove a hard bargin , and for things like , honeymoons , first christmases , and the birth of a child , it was usually a paired deal . both memories , or nothing , it s not worth much otherwise . newline newline i went to the back table containing boxes faintly reminiscent of an old record shop . these were nt the actual memories , those were kept locked away , but the cardboard slats were labeled and contained a brief description and a price . newline newline i found my brothers box . an xxx sticker was slapped across the side . people paid good money for his memories . he could make any woman fall for him , and frequently sold memories of himself with beautiful , influential , or married women . people paid top dollar for the reality of it . newline newline  miss  the old man called me over to the counter . he knew i was nt here to buy anything .  do nt bother . he s not coming back .  he reached behind the counter .  i ai nt charging you for it .  newline newline my stomach dropped . i could feel the edges of my world blackening around me and a ringing in my ears prevented me from listening to anything else the old man had to say . he handed me the small box containing the memory stick . he patted my hand and walked me out the door to my car . newline newline as tears finally began to fall from my eyes , i opened the box and read the small paper tag inside which was labeled in my brothers chicken scratch . everything that happened next makes no difference at all . newline newline  me and sis 9215 the dim lights were soft against the violin . they stared at her but she seemed oblivious , like any old lady . newline newline newline  what s your name maam ?  the young boy asked . newline newline newline  oh my , do nt you remember me ? i m mrs. cassano . you used to come by my house everyday vinny . you used to ride your bike and you had that squirt gun ...  newline newline newline  mrs. cassano , i do nt think this is your table . my name is vincent but i m not ...  newline newline newline  bah ! you young people . in my days there were manners . this is nt my table . oh lord what did i do to deserve this ? my own family does nt want me to sit and eat . oh lord ...  newline newline newline she was sobbing . the violins were muted and there was the stir of eavesdropping . newline newline newline  oh lord !  newline newline newline he patted her . what could they do ? newline newline newline  mrs. castano , please , please forgive me . of course this is your table . of course you can sit here . where were my manners ?  newline newline newline  up your ass probably ,  she said and she sat . newline newline newline he was a young boy , probably not even twenty five . to be honest , he hardly looked like the vinny she knew . these people were italian , but they were different . newline newline newline  mrs. castano , are you okay ?  newline newline newline it was an older woman . probably vinny s mother . newline newline newline i thought i d be the only woman here ,  she thought . newline newline newline a twitch of pride glimmered within . newline newline newline it does nt matter . it s good for the women to finally come out more . lord knows we re smarter .  newline newline newline  why would nt i be okay , my dear ?  she asked . newline newline newline  well it s just ... mrs castano , you just cursed in front of my family . bobby here is only seven . and to be honest , we do nt even ...  newline newline newline okay maybe the women have a ways to go ,  she thought . newline newline newline she was impatient . her nerves were old and sparked and the jitters were nt good for an old heart . newline newline newline  well maybe if my own family had gotten my name right , i would nt have to use such vulgar talk ,  she said .  and you , felicia is it ? vinny s mom ? you should know better than to bring children here . that s your own damn fault .  newline newline newline  mrs . castano !  newline newline newline  cassano !  newline newline newline the old woman got up and her purse was heavy . newline newline newline  that s quite enough ,  vincent said . newline newline newline the old woman pulled out the gun . newline newline newline  i agree ,  she said . newline newline newline she shot him twice and then she shot felicia . newline newline newline  mommy !  the young boy cried . newline newline newline  barbara !  a bald headed man said . newline newline newline good ,  she thought . that was for johnny .  newline newline newline johnny was her husband . he was a made man in the forties and like most men , pussy had brought him down . newline newline newline slut ,  she thought . newline newline newline johnny had been gunned down after being accused by vincent sr. of screwing his daughter in law . newline newline newline slut ,  she thought looking at felicia . serves you right .  newline newline newline and then to vincent : always with that squirt gun like you were some man . you cried like a little girl when you fell off that bike .  newline newline newline there were screams and the music had stopped . a table nearby overturned . newline newline newline  boss ! get down !  someone screamed . a group of men had guns drawn and she turned around and saw the smoke from the cigars and the glasses of wine and the expensive suits . newline newline newline oh ,  she thought . newline newline newline she looked at the dead bodies and saw that they wore casual clothes . vincent was wearing a black shirt with birthday boy  written on it . newline newline newline oh .  newline newline newline she turned and saw the face of terror . the look of disbelief . the boy ducked behind the table but that face was inescapable . newline newline newline squirt squirt mrs . cassano .  then the ding of the bicycle . newline newline newline  mrs . cassano !  the boy shouted . newline newline newline the gun fell from her hands . newline newline newline oh fuck ,  she thought .thirty years ago newline newline  sarah ...  i said , slowly falling to my knee ,  will you marry me ?  newline newline the widest smile flashed across her face as a single , silver tear maneuvered elegantly across her cheek ,  james , i ... yes . yes ! of course i will !  newline newline as her arms flew open , i jumped excitedly into them , ready to spend all of eternity by her side . newline newline three years ago newline newline  sarah ...  i said , slowly falling to my knee ,  we re going to beat this , together , i promise .  newline newline a melancholy frown formed , somber tears of lost hope carved across her pale cheeks ,  james , i ... i ll fight . until the very end . for you .  newline newline she weakly raised her arms from the hospital bed , and i fell to meet them , prepared to spend all of eternity fighting by her side . newline newline yesterday newline newline  sarah ...  i said , slowly falling to my knee ,  i ll always love you . i ll never forget you , i promise .  newline newline she stared blankly into the white , sterile ceilings above , no expression ever formed ,  i love you too . we fought as best we could , but it s my time to go .  newline newline her eyes drooped as the monitor beside her showed nothing but a straight line . i fell upon her limp body , tears leaked into her hospital gown , and at that moment , i wished i could follow her into whatever lays beyond mortal existence . i stood from her body and stared into the mirror across the room , finding my 24 year old self staring back , the same person who proposed to this beautiful woman thirty years ago . do nt do it honey , please , please , do nt do it !  shouted mary from the rooftop , projecting her voice over the crackling rain and hissing smoke vents to john . with his back to the ledge , john leaned carefully , trying to keep his balance while the blur of cars below flowed and shimmered in the moonless night , a restless city . in his right hand he held a halfeaten carrot tightly by its green leaf . newline newline  it s all i have anymore . my choice ,  he shouted back . the carrot dangled precariously in his hands . rain collected where the carrot had been chewed , dripping occasionally . mary s eyes were fixed on the drops of water .  i found my son dead this morning ,  cried john ,  and you were there the whole time , you should have seen him , and saved him , but you did nt because you were busy fucking the neighbor in the bedroom .  he paused and wiped the wetness from his face .  i do nt  i do nt what i did wrong to have tim die or you go for lenny . i do nt even care right now , you can have it all , all of lenny and the house andand ... all of it , just , i want to see how he died , how my son , so young and so innocent died on a school morning , at home . i should have been there .  he was breathing heavily now , weighed down with pain , suffering , loss , and confusion that begged , screamed for an answer . newline newline mary stepped forward ,  pplease , john , come down , throw the carrot . you do nt need to know . please .  her arms were outreached to john , trying to embrace him at the ledge .  let it go , we can deal with this .  john looked down to the cars , then back to mary , then at the cars again . newline newline  no ,  he said and ate the carrot . he chewed methodically with his eyes closed . tears began flowing down his cheeks , marked in long streaks where rain would nt fall . and he began shaking and mary grabbed hold of him and embraced him with her arms . newline newline  please come down ,  mary said ,  i m so sorry .  john lay his face on the top of mary s head and screamed , the tears gushing , he overcome by what he had seen , had taken in when he had eaten . newline newline  you saw him , you saw him !  he cried .  his head was down and you saw him and you walked passed !  newline newline  i m sorry , i am so sorry .  mary burst into tears ,  ii was ... i do nt know , oh tim , oh god !  they both collapsed , she falling onto her knees and john into her lap , his arm dangling over the edge , holding the last green leaves of the carrot tim had been chewing at the time of his death . john s hand released the leaves and they fell , spinning , floating downwards , a sharp silhouette framed by dark streaks of rain and glinting car lights in the sleepless city far below . newline newline 004commander david strauss . that s my name and that s my job .  strauss thinks to himself . playing with his new title in his head . newline newline systems engineer for germanys air force , he helped rewrite and rework the entire decaying infrastructure from scratch . rebuilding a building as it slowly fell apart was the way he liked to describe what he did to anyone who asked . that was only 2 years ago . with that under his belt he was an obvious candidate for this mission . newline newline 6 months ago . a new high resolution telescope lens was being tested in orbit around the moon . the pictures it obtained were being studied when an intern working in the mail room , while on his rounds , came across the pictures and pointed out what he thought to be a smudge on the lens . a smudge on a million dollar lens the space agency worked so hard to get into space . no way that was possible . after much review and study , it was discovered that the smudge  was in fact an opening in a crater wall on the dark side of the moon . the news was covered up quickly enough . those working on it were paid off , the pictures edited and released to the public . china , the european union and russia were all called in for a meeting in iceland . nasa led the inquiry . after plenty of finger pointing , baseless accusations , spits and several fist fights with and at one another it was concluded that this structure was not ours . at best it was a geological abnormality , at worst , a possible military structure some other nation had secretly built . 6 months later and here he was , landing on the surface on the moon . the russians provided the necessary distractions and satellite coverage for the mission to be carried out without anyone noticing . china gave their best rocket for the mission , sparing no expense on equipment , re doing the entire internal system for other nations usage . nasa gave their best engineer and science officer : jackie hornwell , now seated opposite him in the small lander . the european union took care of all media and news coverage as best they could , they also coughed up their best systems engineer and military communications expert  david strauss , and phillip rou from paris , now situated in their command vessels communication hub in stationary orbit above the crater in question . newline newline phillip : how s it going guys ? puke bags are under your seats if you need them . your about 30 seconds from landing . newline jackie : fuck off phillip newline david : phillip lets maintain radio silence till dr jackie can get her bearings in order over ? newline phillip : got it , over and out . newline newline their landing was as soft as it could have been expected . david moved the control pad from the side wall out in front of him and began typing in commands , checking if the systems were all still good to go . newline newline david : ship looks good . site looks good to , 0 pressure and cold enough for it to burn . ready to go ? newline newline jackie looks at him from across the room . they re finally on the moon . she is on the moon !  is all that goes through her head . newline newline jackie : ya . let s go . newline newline she and david move off to their suits and begin helping each other get it on . once done , she pulls out her gear bag from a cabinet next to her chair . david grabs the extra o2 tanks from the side of the door and they make their way into the airlock . they seal the cabin . david proceeds to vent the atmosphere from the room . they wait and watch the red light above the door waiting for it to blink green . the hissing becomes softer as there is lesser and lesser air in the room . before long , the hissing stops and the light blinks . the hatch opens on its own , swinging out . david and jackie make their way out onto the lunar surface . they bounce around testing their balance . newline newline david : alright phillip . where are we supposed to go ? over . newline phillip : north west of your position . turn 40 degrees to your left and it s dead ahead over . newline david : got it . over and out . newline newline this way then  david whispers to himself . he leads the way , making small leaps in the low gravity environment , jackie following slowly behind , studying her environment , not wanting the experience to be lost on her . newline it takes them 15 minutes before the entrance comes into view . another 30 before they come face to face with it . newline newline david : woah..look at that . newline jackie : yeaahh..it s a huge ass archway . and the doors are open . what the hell ? newline newline she shines her light into the darkness within . newline newline jackie : should we be going in ? newline david : that s what we came here for . you wait here though first . let me go in first , once i ve found the end of this tunnel i ll call you in . ok ? over . newline jackie : got it . over . newline newline david steps into the opening , moving on into the darkness . newline newline 20mins go by . newline newline david : phillip you seeing this ? holy shit ! jackie ! get in here quick ! get in here now ! newline newline newline  anyone want to hear more ? : sam opened the door to the quaint diner , taking count as he was taught since his youth . two waitresses , one red head the other blonde , nice figure , probably single mother from her scruffy hair . four college students sat opposite three local police and a highway patrol man , the police seemed to be in heated discussion about something . threat assessment minimal , though the group of college students seemed to be eerily quiet . sam decided to face the entrance door in the booth nearest the exit , which was near the cops but better safe than sorry . newline newline dean followed sam in eyeballing the pretty blonde waitress who looked up at him , he exchanged a big cheesy grin . newline newline  why do nt you boys take a seat i ll be with you in a minute .  she smirked giving dean another once over . newline newline dean tightened his jacket and checked his breath , taking little notice of his environment and accidentally bumped into the highway patrolman on his way out of the diner in a rush . newline newline  ope , sorry bud ...  dean tried to apologize but the badge was already outside apparently in a rush . newline newline  sammy you know you do nt have to do the whole robocop routine every time , it s suburbia domestica fer  chrissake what s the worst that could happen ? mailman have a bad day and shoot up the place ?  dean laughed and sat opposite sam who was looking at the menu with interest . newline newline  those college kids look ... off to you ?  sam asked dean . newline newline dean looked back at the booth they were sat at , indeed they looked as if they were half dead , bags under their eyes and eating no food just coffee . if they had food he d consider they might be grinding off the night s bender but they were nt talking either . newline newline  so ? they re cramming for finals or exams ... whatever you college kids do . look , who cares i m hungry .  dean looked around for the cute blonde who was filling some glasses with water and waited . newline newline  murder god damn it ! !  one of the policeman screamed at the other disrupting the atmosphere of the diner . newline newline dean was still twiddling his thumbs but sam got up and moved closer to hear what was being said by inspecting a brochure on the cork board . newline newline  that girl may been known to have problems , hell jim she may een  been suicidal but i ai nt heard no suicide successfully cutting off their own goddamn head ! he s back and we all know it and i for one ai nt gone let him get my niece . so sit around drinking your coffee and eating your donuts talkin  make believe i ll be preparin for the reality of the situation .  the cop boldly told the other two who laughed at him as he stormed off . newline newline sam thought about catching up to him and introducing himself as his fbi cover but wanted to run dean across what he just learned . newline newline  we might have a job here dean .  sam said as the waitress placed their glasses of water on the table . newline newline  so what can i get you extremely handsome young studs tonight ?  the blonde asked them . newline newline  well your number would make my day ,  dean pretended to look at sally s name tag taking in her lusciously bust cleavage .  sally , but a burger and fries will do for now .  newline newline oh , god , sam thought shaking his head , somehow this bullheaded charm always worked though . newline newline the waitress blushed writing down his order and looked at sam . newline newline  same is fine with me .  sam said making it short as possible to get dean s attention . newline newline sam caught notice of something happening in the corner of his eye while dean said something flirtatious to the waitress . one of the college kids had fallen asleep and the other three were trying to wake her up . newline newline  samantha ! wake up ! samantha .  one screamed slapping her in the face . newline newline sam got up to get a better view as one of the policeman started to make his way to their booth . newline newline suddenly the girl who was sleeping on the inside of the booth shoved her friend out of the way , but it was as if she was being dragged . the cop jumped back in alarm as the girl s body was flung halfway across the diner smashing into tables . finally dean and the waitress looked back as well the whole diner was on their feet watching . the girl s body stopped after smashing into several of the tables and seemed to suspend in midair . newline newline sam knew it had to be a dream demon of some sort a djinn maybe ? succubus ? no they preyed during sleep . this was something new . his mind was racing for a solution and he ran to where she was floating and just before he could grab her , her body slammed against the ceiling and she was pinned choking and gasping for air . newline newline sam tried to reach up and watched as each of the buttons on her blouse plinked off one by one . he dragged a chair to where she was , out of reach , only her sports bra lay bare and sam was able to grab her wrist . dean was close behind grabbing a chair of his own as the rest of the diner became spectators including the police men all in too much shock to do anything . newline newline five pinpoints of blood appeared on her exposed belly . newline newline  dean !  sam yelled . newline newline  on it sammy ,  dean shot back , jumping on the chair , grabbing her other wrist but she was pinned too tight .  bastard s strong .  newline newline sam and dean watched helplessly as the five trickling pinpoints became a deep scratch and then violently ripped open splattering sam and dean with blood and entrails as she woke up . newline newline  krueggerrrrrrr ! ! !  the girl screamed terrified and dying falling to the floor suspended by sam and dean s grip . newline newline   oh ffuu  sam and dean said in unison .   https : www.youtube.comwatch ? vxjmohyqvdo  newline newline edit : glad to see that people actually enjoyed this , seems people are interested in seeing more so maybe later i ll dedicated some time to writing the full episode . but that would require brushing up on my knowledge of sn lore and i have to reassemble a v8 camshaft today so check back in a few hours and i should have some more up . thanks . :  newline newlinethe omega protocol is the protocol by which the office of weights and measures is to change the official measurement system to si units . to activate it requires a critical mass of mentions of si units from us citizens within the landmass of united states . newline newline evidently , there s this new game out there that has people out walking , and it measures all distances in kilometers . most of the critical mass is of people saying things like  i just hatched a 10km egg !  . newline newline so now , the entirety of the senior staff of opm has now been told to activate the protocol . newline newline now , bear in mind that this protocol has been in place ever since us joined united nations . so the next step is to take it to the house and the senate , and have them act to make it law . but nothing s ever simple . we have to find a friendly sponsor , and it s gotten more politicized in 3 or 4 generations  or about 20 political generations  since the protocol was first developed . and then we have to lobby enough of the rest of the house and senate to get it passed . newline newline wish us luck . we re gon na need it .laura holds my hand . newline newline newline we met six years ago outside a starbucks while i was struggling to balance six coffee cups on my way to the car . i missed a step while searching for my keys ,  the next thing i knew , i was falling , spilling coffee everywhere . i hardly had time to grasp what was happening before someone caught me from behind . i looked up into a face with round cheeks  laughing eyes ,  i knew i d met someone special . newline newline newline we did nt move quickly we like to joke about my fall being our first date , but we did nt start seeing each other in earnest until months later . our first evening togehter was a dinner full of laughter , smiles ,  good wine . her face lit up as we discussed everything from music to politics ,  while we did nt have much in common , we both wanted to learn about what the other enjoyed . at a concert for my favourite band she managed to find tickets for at the last minute , we kissed for the first time . i felt like i was floating the rest of the night ,  the warmth of her hand in mine made me feel safe for the first time i could remember . newline newline newline we got married in late june last year , as did a lot of our friends . there were so many parties , gifts ,  an outpouring of love from the community i d never experienced before . i d never even imagined marrying someone , but there i was , wedding band  all . laura saved me . i grew up dreading that i d always be alone , always looked down , always be afraid but laura showed me a different way to live . newline newline newline the night i found the handgun  passports under the floor , we had the worst fight of our relationship . i knew she worked for the government , but she d always said she was just a pencil pusher . i felt so betrayed . i d told her everything  how i d never fit in , how much i d hated my body , how the operation  the treatments had set me free , how torn i was that i could never have a family of my own  she was , holding my hand all over again , telling me these things about telomeres ,  how i could be the answer to something humanity s only ever dreamt about ,  all i could think was ... was everything a lie ? newline newline newline was she picked for me by someone wearing dark glasses  a suit ? by a committee in the pentagon , all silver hair  jaded eyes ? how long had i been watched ? what parts of my life were private ? how long did i have before someone came for me ? and worst of all , did she even love me ? newline newline newline for a few weeks , i could nt be in the same room as her . we played musical chairs around the apartment , her chasing to the tune ,  me always searching for a new place to sit . i tried explaining over  over that what she was talking about could nt work . i did nt have the plumbing anymore . i had nt frozen anything .  we have ways around that ,  she d say .  we ve been working on this a long time ,   it would unravel from there . eventually , i could nt stay in the apartment . i left  wandered around our neighbourhood . i looked at houses i d once thought i d move into with laura  felt like there was a hole in my chest . i just kept moving . newline newline newline they came for me in the dog park . bright headlights from an unknown car blinded me as someone struck me from behind . my vision blurred  i fell to the ground , gasping for air , trying to focus . as they grabbed my wrists  pulled me towards the car , something streaked out of the trees . it slammed into the person grabbing me  knocked them over . i heard the sounds of people fighting as i struggled to crawl in another direction . the night exploded around me with gunfire ,  i curled up  covered my head , trying to make myself as small as possible . newline newline newline when the noises stopped , i kept my eyes closed until someone grabbed me again . i screamed  flailed , trying to escape , but laura was whispering in my ear that everything was fine now . that noone would try to take me from her again . more cars showed up  she slipped me into that back of one before climbing in with me .  they re taking us somewhere safe ,  she assured me .  you can trust them .  exhausted  stressed beyond comprehension , sleep claimed me before i could respond . newline newline newline there have been many apartments since then . many cities  small towns we ve fled from , leaving friends  identities behind . every time , they find us . every time , we run . i have nt agreed to anything laura s agency has planned . i want children , i do , but how could i raise a kid like this ? what would a life like this , parents like laura  i do to a child  that s without bringing what she believes is possible into the equation . newline newline newline i wake up at night in our bed sweating , unable to recognize the room around me or the view outside the window . i struggle in broad daylight to conceal the fact that i m expecting an attack from all sides . i sit with my back to a wall  with a view of the exit when we eat out ,  the fact that i work in a cubicle these days sometimes feels like a death sentence . newline newline newline but laura holds my hand . when she does that , the world fades away . there s spilled coffee ,  smiles ,  music ,  laughter . there s relief that i m not alone . that i m loved by someone so strong  so caring . that she wo nt ever leave me . newline newline newline laura holds my hand . newline newline newline and when she does , i know things will get better . newline newline newline       newline newline newline       newline newline newline       newline newline edit :  hey look , it s more shit i ve written   https : rhiowrose.wordpress.com  .the secret ways newline newline i d grown to love this period , even with its hardships but i knew the mission was nearly complete and i d soon be going home . newline newline it was near to closing july 13 1836 common era , london england and i was in my role as patent office clerk . the three travelers approached , one from i d guess the early 20th century , 1940 or so , another , in the utilitarian jumpsuit so popular a from a hundred years or so before my time , and the last , dressed to thrill , well for 1690 anyway . newline newline i took the patents , looked them over , all genuine . newline newline  gentlemen  i said  can you step forward ? i need to figure out order of precedence.  like so many inventors who discover one of the myriad ways to travel through time they were too excited to think things through . as they stepped forward i pulled out my temporal relocation gun , now disguised to look like a percussion modified duck s foot pistol . each barrel contained a single shot which was enough . newline newline i fired three shots and the men were gone . catapulted to my time , the secrets , our future protected . newline newline we are nt savages and the men were nt hurt , they d have a good life ahead of them . still though i would have done my job anyway , it was a balm to my soul that none of them would leave loved ones behind . newline newline i would though , i had against orders taken up with a a talented young prostitute named molly . its unwise to fall in love on a mission and even more unwise to fall in love with a prostitute , even one forced by circumstances but she truly was exceptional and even the best of us can give into loneliness and love . newline newline once i arrived home she was waiting there for me . i kissed her and she tasted of apples . i d miss that . as i picked up my return unit . held it i swallowed as i say her pretty face and thought about her bleak past and uncertain future . thought about my responsibility . newline newline sod the rules , i pulled out my trg and shot her newline newline i pressed the return button . newline newline there would be hell to pay for the risk to the timeline and the cost of the dark matter i used and the screw up just having the relationship but i d deal newline newline a flash of light signaled my arrival and my boss was very angry . ah well , i knew it was coming . newline newline he question was one word  why ?  newline newline i could have lied but maybe i d been in the field too long and had grown reckless .  boss , people are what matter . the rest is just bollocks anyway , i love her . besides .  i turned on the charm  she s smart enough to be an agent .  newline newline the boss sighed , she looked unhappy  every deep agent screws up at least once . i just wish yours had been less of a pain to sort out  she sighed .  head to checkup than debriefing  newline newline newline newline come here often ?  newline newline  not anymore .  newline newline jacob sighed . he had been striking out bigtime with the ladies ! his usual pickup lines just did nt seem to have the same effect . what did he have to do to get a number at this bar ? newline newline  pardon me  are you jacob ?  newline newline he turned to the beautiful woman standing next to him , looking at him expectantly . he had never seen the girl in his life  how did she know his name ? newline newline  why , yes ! yes , i am .  newline newline  i just wanted to thank you for the shirley temple you just sent down  it s my favorite drink . want to sit and talk for a while ?  newline newline jacob was absolutely stunned , to say the least . he had nt ordered her a drink  he had nt even seen her at the end of the bar ! shirley temples were his goto drink , though  this was indeed a move he would make . as though answering his question , his phone buzzed in his pocket . he knew it was a bad idea to get the drinkordering app for this bar  his phone was far too helpful on dates . newline newline  sure , let s take a seat . what s your name ?  newline newline  shannon .  newline newline as they sat down , the bartender brought over another shirley temple for jacob . my god , the phone had thought of everything ! on one hand , it was nice , but on the other ... maybe jacob should consider switching to android . in any case , the night was going strangely well , although strangely was the operative word in that sentence . newline newline they sat at the table , and began to talk . as they talked , jacob began to realize  this girl was amazing ! she was a voice actress for big gaming companies , as well as a popular streamer . he was a businessman , but that did nt diminish his love for gaming . as they talked away , he opened his phone to record her various gamertags and her twitch stream , but was stunned to find that the phone was keeping a complete record of everything that had been said , as well as a list of things to do to impress her and a compendium of ideas for gifts and future dates . newline newline as the conversation began to wind down and the shirley temple glasses went empty , they sat in silence , smiling at each other . but the night was nt over  at least , as far as the phone was concerned . newline newline the jukebox in the corner started to whirr to life as it received an incoming request from the app people could use to request songs . let s dance , by david bowie , began blasting over the loudspeakers . newline newline  come on  let s dance ,  shannon said , with a sly grin on her face . she grabbed his hand , and pulled him out to the floor . newline newline  newline newline rhardboiledstoriesthe light was blinding , a flash of brilliance compared to the dingy room i lay in moments ago . a flashing pain struck through my body . a mass gathered in my skull . expanding , growing . i ca nt take the pressure . i ca nt take the pressure anymore . my head . my head . its going to ... i m going to ... the pain is gone . replaced with a foggy mask of land , growing clearer , closer by the second . muffled cries and ... . gunshots ... sounds not heard in ages , melaneia . everything was done before it started now . in the time i came from . warheads wiping out lands to radioactive dust , obliterating everything . the land came up to meet me . i crumpled to the ground with a cry . the shock of what just happened reached me . nothing would move . nothing did move . a pure blackness surrounded my eyes , as i faded into nothingness . newline newline i moved from blackness to blackness , opening my eyes to a starless night . the sounds around still carried true . i sat up and looked around . a trench . a maze of trenches , laid out from end to end , navigating the warfront . a sprawl of men laid before me , puss oozing from every crevice of their rotting bodies . a cesspool . a bloodbath . i pulled one from the ground , looking less rotten then the rest , and stripped off green grey uniform . i tossed the body next to the rest of them , covering one with another . the smell of the fermenting flesh was overbearing . gas . they were using gas . i had to get out . i had to get away quickly . i had to get away before i was afflicted ... hours . hours . hours . hours . hours . a light of day . my legs felt weak . they fell out from under me . the darkness consumed me again . newline newline the sun s heat blazed against me . i woke up . mid day . the trenches still spanned from infinity to infinity . i walked on till i could no longer . i lay against the wall and accepted it . newline newline a graveyard of soldiers . passing slowly . closer and closer . i stood up , wavering . body a barren wasteland . they spotted me and ran over , arms ready to strike at any false move . newline newline  namen und dienstgrad !  newline newline i stood , dazed , questioning . newline newline  namen und dienstgrad ! wer sind sie !  . newline newline louder this time . more distain . more hate . more fear . newline newline my hands fell from my pockets , and raised to the sky . newline newline a clink , as something metalic fell out from where my hand just lay . a dogtag . a name sat within my pocket . an identity . a new being . an idea . something clicked in my mind . newline newline i spoke . newline newline  gefreiter , sechzehnten regiment , hitler , adolf , herr  . newline man , she was in heat , and there i am , right next  door . so i got to work on that wooden fence . next thing i knew , we re doing the doggie dance , and then i have this noose around my neck , pulling me off and out of her  which hurt  . and then my human punched her human , and i was thrown in with the other bad dogs .  newline the story teller , a put bull , looked sad .  now they re gon na ...  his voice drops to a whisper ...  fix me . no more puppies .  newline newline i raised my head , and sighed .  hey , spooks , your turn ya sweet  .  newline newline from what i knew , we d all been in the  paddy wagon  as the other dogs  i still have nt figured out why i m a dog  ... called it , and i fell asleep as soon as i was put in my cage . i do nt remember any of that . newline newline  i ... i ... .why do you call me spooks ?  newline newline  you ai nt said two words together since ya got here  , a terrier yipped . newline newline  oh . i guess ... i guess i m shy then ? i dunno guys . i mean , i woke up here this morning , and that s all i can remember .  newline newline  ay , she musta knocked her head on sumthin  , said a chihuahua . newline newline  i dunno . it does nt hurt . and i can see ok , so ...  newline newline  what s seeing got to do with hittin  your head ?  a black lab spoke up , barely raising her head . newline newline i sighed a deep , soul baring sigh .  its ... if your brain gets hurt , sometimes your eyes get messed up .  newline newline  oh . did your human tell you that ? he must be very smart  , the lab commented . newline newline  ummm ... i never ... at least i do nt think ... well i do nt remember if ...  newline newline  poor gal  , the pit bull said .  my humans gave me up because they were moving . they also said i peed on things too much . i walked past the group of guys snickering at me . everyone in town knew how i had last been killed . it was rather embarrassing , i must admit . and the powers that i had didn  t help with any of it . after all , being able to spontaneously produce a coconut and cause it to fall and crack open on my head wasn  t the most popular ability . it was , in almost every way , pretty lame . the only useful part was that my head was slightly harder than a coconut . newline newline and so my life went on , everyone else enjoying their more awesome super powers . i continued to be an outcast . and i probably should have stayed one . i didn  t want to make any enemies , after all . but there came a day that i could no longer take being the social outcast . and that day that would be a day that my town would never forget . newline newline i was a junior in college and there was a party going on . when i showed up , people wanted nothing to do with me . and so i made my way into my own little corner , which became populated with a lot of good looking women rather quickly . and i found myself in luck when they all wanted some pina coladas . they needed coconuts . and i was just the man to supply them . newline newline i also revealed an ability to everyone that i had kept hidden . with the blink of an eye everyone at the party found themselves wearing a coconut bra . and the dj found his headphones replaced with coconuts . i could fashion any sort of clothing out of coconuts instantly . newline newline and then the final party trick that really got everyone loving me . you see , it wasn  t really the coconut that killed me . it was gravity . and so i loosened the gravity at the party and we all enjoyed the feeling of weightlessness . newline newline needless to say , the rest of the party started to go well for me until the very end . some of the frat guys didn  t like how popular i  d become with the ladies . and i was a tinny bit drunk myself . newline newline one of them threw a punch at me . blood spurted everywhere as they were crushed by an unbearable amount of gravity . a couple other frat guys came at me . soon everyone around was drenched in blood . a few more minutes passed by and i found myself staring at strange sights . it was becoming apparent that someone had spiked my punch , as i would normally never do such things . newline newline honestly , it  s hard to remember what i did . i know that a few more people were crushed . i prefer not to think about that . and then i think i let a few people float up into the oblivion of the sky . curiously i didn  t see any fireworks . in my drugged state , i thought i may see them burn in the atmosphere , but there was nothing . later i remember dropping a few people from midair with a sudden burst of gravity . and i know that there was something to do with causing people to bounce all over the place , but i can  t remember . newline newline oh , and why am i recounting this ? well , i don  t really know myself . i just woke up to half my town in ruins , almost as if it had been crushed by an invisible fist . and what appears to be a whole bunch of angry people in bloody clothes rushing at me . well , a few of them are naked and aflame too . i figure it must be all the people i killed . but i have a fool proof plan . i cause a coconut to drop on my head , but i increase the gravity on the coconut so that it crushes through my skull . newline newline finally i wake up , alive again , surrounded by a lot of angry people . the flaw in my plan ? killing myself by falling coconut again wasn  t going to grant me any new superpowers to help me out , so yeah . newline newline 293it seemed ridiculous . a door in the middle of nowhere with a small sign stating the importance of keeping it closed . it did nt go to anything , you could walk around it , and there was even a window to see  inside  of it . i was nt even sure where i was . i was ambling about looking for a cell and gps signal . i cared very little about the door , and yet , i could nt walk away . it pulled me to it . while searching the nearby area for a signal i found myself coming back to it . newline i found my curiosity grew and got the better of me . i opened it , thinking it was just a door that led nowhere . it turned out to be exactly that . what lay beyond the door was beyond comprehension . a void , darkness , and the overwhelming feeling of emptiness . fear gripped me , and i started to close the door when i found it would nt budge . a voice called out to me , thanking me for opening the door . newline a tall figure crawled out of the door . it wore a black suit and was spindly in build . it s skin was pale . i could nt describe it any more than that , i was frozen in fear as it moved past me . after it had moved past me , i trembled as i turned , looking for it . newline as quickly as it had appeared to me , it was gone . i turned to the door , and it was what you d normally expect to see  wooded field . nothing out of the ordinary , no sense of dread .you would think they were only 6 months away , no ? newline newline so goes the naive thinking , but orbital mechanics is a bitch and the trip takes 3 years . halfway out to jupiter , and then back down . newline newline it was nt exactly how we expected first contact . little green men ushering us into the pangalactic community was the hope . easy to say that did nt happen . newline newline and it did nt even assuage those primal questions and fears . who are we ? who made us ? are we alone ? well , to the third point : no , we re not alone . but not alone in the most uselessly possible . newline newline our seti and their seti using our arecibo and their arecibo  respectively  to look and listen . suddenly a pattern cut through the static : nearly the same message we sent came back . newline newline at first we thought it was some reflection off of io or something like that , which would explain the minor differences between outgoing and incoming . but a resonance pattern developed between the messages we sent  and they sent  and we received  and they received  . newline newline equally smart and equally sharp scientists on either end found out how to modulate this , control it , and make meaning . newline newline so we had a conversation going . and we shared a lot . newline newline the differences in history , language , and culture proved minimal . sure , externally measurable things were off a phase : halley s comet , positions of mars , etc . newline newline some of the coinflip  moments of history went the other way . the stauffenberg plot succeeded , hamilton won the duel , remus gets the credit over romulus . little things . and our timeline seemed just as weird yet familiar to them . newline newline this had even spurred on a new historicphilosophicaltheological school : that there is an inertia to time , and that somethings must be , but most things do nt matter . of course the same school developed over there , and for the same reasons . newline newline we agreed to launch at the same time . 12 people on each ship . six each were people we thought we had exact counterparts for . the other six were as random assignment as the project allowed , to test how chance worked through across this gap . newline newline the two crews were forbidden to directly contact eachother , but both earths talked to both ships . as our crew neared their planet , we got ready to receive the sister ship . newline newline you never expect the figure in the mirror to step out into your room . but today he did . newline newline one wife upon meeting her mirrorhusband experienced a psychotic break . newline newline one parent meeting his mirror child could nt tell any difference , and just continued on like normal . newline newline one brother killed his mirror immediately . on the other side the murder still took place , but with the roles reversed . newline newline no one had anything to learn , or any new ideas to present . we both had the technology for trip through space , we were both stuck at the same point in unifying quantum physics with general relativity , we both were starting to master genetics . newline newline with the interaction proving both dangerous and fruitless , neither public was much interested in continued exchange . newline newline we each sent our ship back , and from each a couple people decided to stay in the mirror world . newline newline we kept in contact , but limited it to simpler matters . science , asteroid tracking , search for other life in the universe , that sort of thing . newline newline so we re not alone . but it does nt matter . newline newline when you look up in the night sky , you re looking away . and when you lookup in the day , the sun is in the way . newline newline the orbital dance of symmetry continues unaffected , disinterested . there are only minor spoilers for bioshock infinite here  newline newline   newline newline  well , well ...  daisy said in a slow , triumphant voice .  who is this , then ?  her fingers hovered over the handle of her revolver newline newline the vox soldier , red bandana tied around his arm , prodded marston forward with the butt of a rifle . marston turned and glared at the soldier with smoldering fury . newline newline  name s marston , maam . john marston .  he reached his scarred , weathered hands up , bound together , and tipped the brim of his cap to the lady . newline newline  you sound like a soldier , marston . cavalry , maybe ?  daisy removed the revolver from its holster and twirled it on her fingertips . the soldiers around the room tensed up and teased the triggers of their weapons . daisy was nt a fan of comstock s old compatriots . newline newline  no , maam .  marston answered .  just a rancher . tryin  to be , at least .  newline newline daisy raised her arms and gestured at the fink warehouse around them , full of crates with every gizmo and gadget .  not many cattle round these parts , rancher .   the soldiers all chuckled .  so what brings you all the way up to our humble abode in the clouds ?  newline newline marston smiled , half grimace and half grin . his eyes shone with an intense passion , ever confident .  it s a pretty long story , but let s just say it was nt by choice . maybe you untie me , and i ll tell you all about it before i head home .  newline newline they locked eyes and stared at each either , neither speaking . the men glanced at each other , uncertain of what to do . newline newline daisy let out a laugh .  i like you , marston . you got fight in you .  he nodded  one look at john would tell you that he s a stubborn son of a bitch .  but unfortunately ,  she continued ,  i do nt quite trust you . that comstock is master of lies and deceit .  she spun around , pacing through the warehouse , her simple dress twirling through the dusty air .  now , my boys here tell me you re quite the fighter . took down a whole squad of em before they managed to wrestle you to the ground , aint that right ?  some of the soldiers in the circle looked down in embarassment . newline newline  so here s what we re gon na do . you re going to bring me this man . this ... . imposter .  she held up an old poster of a man , fist raised high , labeled  martyr of the revolution .  newline newline marston looks uneasy .  and what did he ever do to you ? looks like you re on the same side .  he gestured to the vox banners around the warehouse . newline newline  oh , we were on the same side . and then he was killed . booker dewitt died a hero s death . i do nt know who this other dewitt is , but he is not the man i knew .  daisy s eyes narrowed with rage as she spoke about him . newline newline after a momentary pause , marston nodded in agreement . a knife flashed in a soldier s hand , and the ropes fell to the dusty floor . daisy reached out , revolver in hand . john took it , testing the weight and checking the ammo . newline newline  you bring back the body ,  daisy said .  i do nt care how you kill him , just do it . you ... have some experience with that , do nt you ?  newline newline marston looked down the sights of the revolver .  that i do , maam .  newline newline   newline newline it s been a while since i played either game , so sorry if i did nt capture daisy s voiceaccent correctly .judge guilherme dias looked nothing like his name . he was paler than the back of a snow bank . his hair was blonde basket woven with grey highlights . his fingers were froglike , tipped with bulbous nails . newline newline when he spoke , it was like wind through a field of grass . it drifted and made akila very tired . she did nt want to be here and she certainly did nt think she needed a judge to tell her how the story would end . she rested her head on the table , letting the lawyer do the speaking for her . unlike lord albino , isabelle weston listened to the people who spoke to her . newline newline weston was a woman of far more class than the pathetic judge would ever have . still , akila kept her mouth locked and let her mind wonder . she knew why she was here , but she still could not comprehend how cruel people could be . newline newline bor hunting was dead and akila had never denied she killed him . she just never admitted how . he was dead , his blood on her hands , and akila remained silent on the how . she gave the why . he killed maci .  newline newline she gave the reasoning , the facts , but she never told them how he ended up sliced and diced like a ham on the side of the road . she had remained where she was , sitting in a pool of her enemies blood . it still remained a mystery . newline newline weston touched her shoulder . they had a private judging . akila admitted to everything , why would she need her peers to tell her she was guilty . not that akila felt guilty . hunting was a terrible man and he deserved to be hunted down like the piss bag he was . still , akila looked up at the albino asshole and let a smile curl her lips . newline newline  you called , judge ?  akila waved . newline newline the mockery did not go over his head . clever girl .  newline newline  you do know why you are here , so what do you have to say for yourself ?  newline newline  that i am glad he is dead and do nt really care what you do with me . ella enchanted was only half the story . tops . the real story of people like us is a lot less romantic and has fewer fairies . newline newline in reality , people like ella and me are just born that way . we have a preternatural compulsion to obey commands . it  s something in our epigenetic makeup  but of course , strict scientific accuracy doesn  t sell children  s books . fairies do . newline newline i  m a taxi driver in new york city . i didn  t want to be one . in fact , i was going to college to study biology  in case dropping the word  epigenetic  a couple of sentences back didn  t give that away  , but i flunked out in my first semester . see , my parents sent me to college with a car thinking they were doing me a favor , but so many classmates whose parents weren  t as generous were asking me for rides that i never had time to study . that  s when i realized being a taxi driver was the only profession where my compulsion to obey commands wouldn  t make me a freak . it  s kind of made me into a superhero , actually . newline newline put yourself in my shoes . say there are two different guys on the sidewalk trying to hail your cab  two conflicting requests . who do you obey ? when i started driving , i would just sort of sit there and twitch like my wires had gotten crossed and i was shortcircuiting . it took about a week to figure out the workaround : i picked the person hailing more urgently , the stronger command overruling the weaker one . because of this , i got really good at reading body language  how far they  re leaning over the curb , waving speed , facial expression , all the indicators . newline newline and you  d be surprised at what the people hailing a cab really urgently want that cab to do . actually , depending on the number of actionadventure movies you watch , you might not be . mostly they want me to follow a car or another cab . it makes for pretty exciting workdays , i have to say . careening through the streets , compulsively obeying every injunction to  go faster ! don  t let it get out of sight !   that adrenaline rush doesn  t get old . i realized i could use my subconscious compulsion to help me out , too . i get funny looks when i say it , but i ask my riders to order me not to hit any cars or pedestrians . and , following orders , i drive as fast as they tell me to  and i don  t hit any cars or pedestrians . used in the right context , what used to be a defect has turned into a pretty sweet superpower . who goes there ?  newline newline  dahalva , of the ederwood .  newline newline  an elfling , that speaks in human tongues ?  newline newline  an elfling , that speaks in human ... tongues .  newline newline  come forth .  newline newline  you are ...  newline newline  a human . yes , i know , a miracle i am sure .  newline newline  i was told you were all ... long gone .  newline newline  if by long gone you mean nearly exterminated by you and your equally disagreeable kin , then yes , we are indeed long gone .  newline newline  i came because ...  newline newline  because you need assistance so that you and your kind are not also snuffed out of existence , correct ?  newline newline  essentially , yes ...  newline newline  why on earth would i want to do that ?  newline newline  well , i hoped to appeal to your sense of compassion , however , i see now that this may be problematic .  newline newline  i am in half a mind to shoot you elf .  newline newline  that may be true . however , if you were to do that , then we would not be able to make a deal .  newline newline  then make a deal we shall . what have you got ?  newline newline  well ... i looked through my father s stash and i found this ...  newline newline rummaging through is satchel , dahalva yanked out a glass bottle and presented it to the human . newline newline  i believe you call this ... wine ? perhaps you will accept this as an offering , we have many more back at the vill  newline newline  done .  newline newline  what ?  newline newline  we have a deal .  newline newline  oh , uh .  the elf had heard that humans had simple tastes , yet he did not expect this .  you are tricking me ?  newline newline  no , no no no . i m just something of an ... enjoyer of beverages . now come with me .  newline newline handing the human the bottle , dahalva followed his new ally into a shelter . newline newline  now this , is a firearm , a shooter , a gun . newline newline  a gun ?  newline newline  indeed . observe .  newline newline with a deafening roar , the metal mechanism flashed , smoked , and released some sort of projectile into the wall across the room . dahalva found that his ears were ringing . newline newline  interesting ... this will help us defeat the invaders ?  newline newline  this ? this is nothing my friend . let me show you ... my collection .  newline newline stomping down a staircase into a torchlit room , dahalva braced himself for the appearance of some sort of war beast . newline newline  voila !  cried the human , motioning towards the glinting array of devices that filled the entire enclosure . newline newline  that is a lot of goons .  newline newline  guns elf , guns .  newline newline  and what is that , in the middle ?  newline newline  that my friend , is a tank .  newline newline  a tank ?  newline newline  yes .  newline newline  will it ... help ?  newline newline  i think help is an understatement .  daniel , i can  t believe i have to tell you this again ! get off the bloody playstation , it  s after 8pm  trisha shrieked . newline  jesus christ mum  was daniel  s retort , he continues under his breath  it  s an xbox anyway.  newline throwing his controller down on the sofa beside him , daniel stood up and walked over to the console and turned it of . turning to his mother he gave her a vacant stare and held his arms out by his sides as if to ask  does this please you ?  and then shuffled off to the kitchen . trisha sighed and headed for her bedroom . newline newline during this whole mini episode daniel  s father was sitting in the corner of the room with his head buried in his laptop . slowly and precisely punching numbers and formulas into an excel spreadsheet . at this point it was just about to go 20.30 and he knew at that it would be time to stop . he sat back in his chair , eyes glazed over , staring absently into the world of white boxes on the screen . one beep from his watch jolted him back to reality . he glanced at his watch and turned off the alarm only to notice that the watch didn  t synch with the laptop clock . meticulously changing the hands on his time piece he set his world back into serine balance . newline newline daniel walked back into the room holding a peanut butter sandwich in one hand and a glass of milk in the other .  it  s not great to eat this late  you shouldn  t be snacking after dinner.  newline  i eat when i get hungry.  another brilliant response from daniel . newline  well you really shouldn  t get into a habit of it or you  ll become a human balloon.  newline  whatever dad , i  m hungry.  daniel sat down and put the t.v . back on . newline 20:32 and daniels father left his chair to go and take a bath before he started reading at 21:00 . what the fuck is this ? !  i screamed , as i marched down the hall , pistol free from its holster ,  here we are , standing on one of the last 17th century persian rugs in the entire fucking world , and you manage to murder not one , no , not two , but three people on it !  newline newline my apprentices did a quick floor and ceiling inspection as i paced around the room , my weapon drawn . the damage done was absolutely abhorrent , just to the carpet alone , to say nothing of the millions of dollars worth of furnishings . newline newline  all i asked for  i muttered ,  all i asked for was the death of one businessman , and not even one of the highly successful ones ! jesus h christ , you d think that at least one of you would be a competent corporate assassin by now , but no ! this is the sort of shit i d expect from a lowly thug ! not highly trained , black ops hitmen ! do we seriously have to go back to basics ?  newline newline my apprentices continued their thorough inspection of the ornate ceiling pattern and the ruined 17th century persian rug . none of them volunteered , so i pointed my gun at my youngest apprentice ,  good thing you lot already destroyed the decor . another body wo nt hurt the place too much . why do we preserve assets ?  newline newline his gaze snapped down from the priceless crown moulding ,  we preserve assets to levy them against outstanding liabilities .  newline newline i raised an eyebrow in mild shock and lowered my weapon .  wow , i did nt know you had it in you . what sort of liabilities ?  newline newline  tax liabilities .  newline newline i smiled a wry smile , full of cynicism and a bit of wrath .  correct . that s our job as irs agents , so i expect the next job to go a bit more smoothly . patty , terry , paul , frank , rick , stanley , cherisha , rudy , bud , and three traveling chinamen are waiting on the one o  clock train . it is fifty eight minutes past seven in the morning , and they have all arrived on the same bus . paul is taller than frank , who is shorter than both bud and cherisha . rudy is taller than cherisha but not bud . bud is not as tall as paul . rick is also shorter than bud , but not as tall as paul . all three chinamen are shorter than paul . so when patty jumped at the very sight of him , it was no surprise that terry interjected ,  we call him tall paul .  newline newline the train costs ten pence each to ride one way , with each passenger present having an assortment of changes . the three chinamen collectively have two hundred yuan , which at current exchange rates , goes for about three pence , or one pence per chinaman . terry has over two thousand pence , or about twenty quid . the taxi ride to the currency exchange could cost upward of about ten quid , one way , consisting of a fourteen minute car ride , at a rate of about seven quid per dozen minutes traveled . waiting times are reduced to about one quid per five minutes waiting . it can take anywhere from fifteen minutes to one hour to complete a transaction at the currency exchange . newline newline terry , upon checking his account balance with his smartphone , discovers that his debit account has been compromised due to a recent invasion of security at tesco . one fourth of all transactions may be declined at random . should a transaction come up declined , the card will deactivate and no longer be usable until it resets the next business day . cherisha , stanley , rudy , and rick all have seasonal passes for the train , but rick has a genetic condition that prevents him from going out in the sun for extended periods of time and must wait in the lobby . it takes thirty minutes to clear lobby security checkpoints . newline newline paul , offended by the quip offered at the sight of his vertical stature , remarks quite shrewdly ,  ah ! oh i m sorry , it was just your face that scared me .  patty lowered her head . for the past three years patty has been taking fifteen milligrams of xanax per month , on a breakthrough basis for sudden attacks of panic , not to exceed single doses of more than 2 milligrams per episode , with the expectation that she has fewer than 4 episodes per week . last week , patty uncovered a brown recluse in her coinpurse , and as such has emptied it of its contents in a desperate bout of terror . she had forgotten this event , but concurrently had forgotten to bring appropriate change . patty has zero pence and must now rely on the kindness of strangers . newline newline it is tuesday , and terry s second favorite day of the week is tuesday , followed by thursday . his least favorite day of the week is monday . he works weekends at the currency exchange balancing the books while financial institutions are shut down . he neither likes nor dislikes saturday , but his least unfavorite day is sunday . terry has conveniently brought several variances in currency with him , and due to his big winnings and generous nature of a game of roulette last night , betting twenty quid on thirteen black . after a night of frivolities , terry has two thousand quid left over . he wants to buy one prostitute for one hour of a quality of one hundred quid per hour once they arrive at their destination , and still have money left over for a nice hotel , and the return train ride home . terry recognizes the chinamen , and invites them along , promising between them that they can receive one prostitute to collectively share at a rate of no more than fifty quid per hour for no more than two hours , it taking two thirds of an hour for each chinaman to get off . newline newline if a chopping error propagates in the missile targeting system of a patriot missile being used by joint usuk forces , with a sigma factor of 5 for uncertainty , assuming radio transmission remains uninterrupted , and the ionospheric compensation protocols can cancel out the frequencies along the appropriate megahertz bands , how long will it take the rocket to veer off course from its intended direction once it reaches ten kilometers traveling at a speed of three hundred kilometers per hour with a rate of up to two launches per hour , and be deflected at enough of an angle to reach the train platform where all twelve of them are standing , assuming it takes anywhere from one to ten missile launches to reproduce this error in digital processing , and as a special case assuming the one of the chinamen is gay , what are the odds of finding him unharmed while performing fellatio on the young serbian boy on the tuesday lobby cleaning crew , with rick filming ? round your answer to the nearest tenth . newline newline  exandwhy 006 ground control do you copy ? !  static ...  ground control this is capitan mcpherson !   what the hell happened down there ? !  please respond !  still nothing but static ... kevin mcpherson let out a long sigh and wearily rubbed his eyes . hoping against hope that this was all just some messed up dream . perhaps an hallucination of some sort . he closed his left hand , clinching it into a tight fist then opened it . he sat there staring at his hand for a bit and then stared out through the shuttle window at where the earth should be . where it used to be . indeed this was nt a dream . this was his new reality .  jesus ...  he muttered to himself , trying to make sense of it all.what the hell could have possibly caused this ? he wondered . nuclear war ? kevin knew that the political climate was certainly tense , as it usually was but it could nt have been that tense for all out nuclear annihilation to happen and even so it would nt have been bad enough to make the whole godamn planet disappear . an asteroid ? no way , they would have seen it coming and again there would still at least be something left of the planet . he felt like he was trapped in a bad ripoff of a twilight zone episode or something ... . his overloaded mind trying to process what had transpired in the last 20 chaotic minutes after he had entered space . newline newline the launch from cape canaveral had gone smoothly . he was finally living out his dream of being a true astronaut and exploring space . all the years of arduous training and preparation had led him to this moment . ever since he was a 9 year old kid watching the shows outlaw star and gundam wing on toonami late nights , it s all he ever wanted to do . he grew up in a small rural town where most of his peers would go on to work menial factory , retail , and office jobs . screw that noise . space was the place for him and nothing else . he was the stereotypical weird kid in school . always wearing nasa and space themed shirts and reading books on astronomy . the other kids would often refer to him as the  alien  or  space case  . kevin smiled to himself as he was exiting the earth s exosphere , reflecting upon this . if only they could see him now . his former classmates , those that had mocked him , the shitty teacher in 7th grade that said to kevin that the best he could probably hope to amount to was to be a garbage man in front of the whole class . they had all looked down on him for all those years and now he was far above all of them . far above all the bullshit of terrestrial life as a human . he made sure to have beethoven s  ode to joy  playing while he made his fateful entrance into the cosmos . the swirling euphoric chorus reverberating through his head . all was going according to plan . he had done it . he had successfully entered space . his dream finally realized . he could see the earth in all of it s blue splendor , silhouetted against the vast black canvas of the universe . the sight nearly brought tears to his eyes . it all seemed so perfect in that moment . newline newline just as kevin was about to turn away from the resplendent sight , what appeared to be an orange speck suddenly appeared on the earth s surface . the reddish orange light began to rapidly expand like some sort of nightmarish hellflower coming into full bloom . within a few minutes the entire earth was engulfed in orange and red . omega was blossoming right before his very eyes . the temperature reading on the spectrometer was going off the charts . kevin was transfixed in equal parts horror and astonishment . he tried to mouth the words  what the fuck ?  as if that statement would somehow explain the calamity unfolding before his eyes but all that came out was a hoarse croak . the orange and red fireball that had once been the blue earth then became blinding white . kevin had to shield his eyes and turn away . it was all happening so fast . there was no time to think , only react . when he lifted his head to continue looking at the unprecedented sight , to his utter confoundment the earth was no where to be seen . gone , vanished in a flash . nothing ... . newline newline that was just over 5 hours ago . kevin now sat there in near delirium . trying to stay calm and not let a full on panic attack overwhelm him . the reality of the situation just now starting to sink in . so many emotions weighed down on him . at this point though he just felt numb . he glanced at a picture of him and his fiance that he had smuggled on board with him to give himself some comfort whenever the loneliness became too much . the picture was of them at the beach this past summer right at sunset . in it he was giving her a piggyback ride . they were goofing around having the time of their lives , enjoying their youth . her best friend who was there thought it was a sweet moment and was the one who took the picture . seeing the expressions of genuine love and happiness on their faces . both of them laughing like idiots .  that was a fun day  kevin recalled . the memory of it for him now unfortunately was very bittersweet .  katie ...  he said quietly to himself . saying her name eased his mind a bit . they had decided to postpone the wedding until after he got back from his mission . a decision he now regretted . he wondered what she had been doing at the moment of eradication . had she been thinking of him ? there was no point in asking such useless questions . all that seemed to be certain is that she was ... gone . his parents who had been so proud of him achieving his dreams were gone . friends , family , coworkers , enemies , strangers , everyone , everything . all erased and returned to the eternal ether as stardust . the full magnitude of this deprivation for kevin , of how truly alone he now was , struck him very profoundly in that moment . the urge to scream out in frustration and fear had overcome him . he knew that he must conserve what precious little oxygen he had left but what did living really mean anymore ? kevin felt madness and despair wash over him in all of it s totality . he flicked on the switch of the transceiver .  ground control . come in  he said , his tone of voice flat and disconnected , the voice of a defeated man .  this is captain mcpherson . can you hear me ?  he knew it was a futile effort . the last desperate attempt of a man slowly drowning in an infinite black ocean clutching out blindly to a lifeline that led to nowhere , but it was all he had left of what had connected him to getting back home . that is if there had actually been a home left to go back to .  someone , anyone  he says weakly . choking back tears . how pathetic he must seem right now he bitterly thought .  please just ... give me a sign that you re there . that you re alive .  newline all that was left to answer back was the sound of static . hissing and filling his head with it s cold unwavering dullness that reassured him that he was truly alone . newline newline he dropped the transceiver and slunked down deeply in his seat . all semblance of hope leaving him . he stared ahead blankly out the window at where the earth should be . used to be . bits of rock were all that remained of the once mighty blue planet . framed against the backdrop of infinite black nothingness . creation and destruction . millions of years of formation and evolution . the emergence of man . the concept of history . all of humanity s achievements , advancements , all of the generations that have come and gone , all of the wars ever fought under the guise of ideologies , political agendas , or want of resources . each individual person s hopes and ambitions . individuality itself , love , companionship , morality , fear , anguish , greed , art , religion , knowledge and the seeking of it . all that we had ever known . this is what it all amounted to . all of existence was a long drawn out build up to this moment . the end result that was formlessness and timelessness . it all seemed so clear to kevin at that moment . the concept of value was such a crazy , preposterous thing he thought . and as he stared long into the abyss , so too did the abyss stare long into him .  so this is what the utmost depths of existential despair feels like huh ?  kevin thought to himself , feeling somewhat amused by this statement for whatever reason . then , he suddenly remembered a line from taxi driver . one of his all time favorite movies .  loneliness has followed me my whole life . everywhere . in bars , in cars , sidewalks , stores , everywhere . there s no escape . i m god s lonely man ...  kevin giggled to himself breaking the oppressive silence . insanity seemed to be his only companion now .  yep  kevin thought to himself .  there was simply no use in denying it . this was a pretty fucked up situation all around no matter how you look at it .  newline newline  cue marilyn manson s disassociative . fade out  newline newline to be continued ... .. ? newlineripples echoed out from the eternally brights soles of his feet as he strode slowly across the water to my little beach of black sand and ash . hatred tried to well up in me , but after a sigh i let it all drain away into the depths of my soul . newline newline newline  you should nt hold back , you know .  his voice perfectly suited to at once offer comfort and command attention . newline newline newline i continued sitting , kneels to my chest with my arms covering them and my chin plowed into them , my mouth covered with only my nose and eyes showing , the horns too . his feet , slightly wet stepped onto the beach , my beach and i watched as the bits of black sand clung to toes and palms of his feet . newline newline newline  it s kind of a strange feeling , would nt you say ?  newline newline newline his head was tilted down slightly at an angle , his eyes staring , questioning , hoping . newline newline newline i lifted my head slightly to unmuffle myself ,  the sand and ash ?  newline newline newline he smiled . i loathed that smile , i wanted to loathe that smile , and yet , it was hard to dredge those feelings up when he was looking at you with that stare . it spoke of his pride in you . newline newline newline  it ... tickles a little , and yet , i know that despite the brief pleasure of the moment it can become a nuisance in time if not washed clean .  newline newline newline i tore myself away from those wells of eyes and returned my stare to the endless sea before more , the water , calm and still again after this intruder had passed over it .  i do nt regret it , you know .  newline newline newline i heard the soft crunch of him sitting next to me , legs stretched out and eyes to the black empty skies above . he still smiled .  i know .  newline newline newline for a time there was silence between us , and in ancient times gone past this is how we sit , next to each other , as equals , in silence , with nothing but our thoughts to keep company with . now though , i grow restless , i can not sit and endure the silence , his silence for but a moment . newline newline newline  why have you come here ?  newline newline newline he did nt answer , he did nt have to . he just stared up at the sky with a little mile on his face . same as he ever was . everything was a little game to him , little piece on a little board just being moved around for his own personal amusement .  i wo nt abandon them to their fate . i ll find a way to save them .  newline newline newline i looked over at him and his head slowly swiveled to meet my anger , still smiling .  i know .  newline newline newline that smile , i hated that smile , and like thunder all the rage cracked out into the night air ,  why father ! why did you leave me responsible for them ! why did you tell me to cleanse them and damn their race to the void , never to cry again , never to laugh again ? why did you let me love if you knew i would have to damn them ? tell me why father !  newline newline newline he remained , meeting my eyes , never blinking , with a small smile on his face ,  you ll figure it out one day .  newline newline newline the crack was quickly sealed and all the anger and fury that had welled up had died as quickly as it had erupted .  what if i do nt want to figure out you re damned riddles and machinations ?  newline newline newline he stood up slowly , purposefully and looked at the endless sea for a moment ,  then i will have made a mistake making you the foremost amongst my angels , and the one chosen to tend the next cycle .  newline newline newline he took two steps towards the sea and then stopped , seemingly hesitating before turning around to face me again ,  but still  he smiled widely and it lifted my heart like i no longer believed it could be ,  i will be proud of you .  newline newline newline the sand that clung to his feet drifted off and down through the water as the surface was once again disturbed by his soles . and ripples echoed out across the ocean again . i hate him , and i love him . newline newline newline and already , i miss him again .never before had i tasted something like this before . every tastebud drew the picture , depicting the many complicated tastes and explosions of texture . i could nt describe the pictures with any word i knew . what being on this earth could have descended upon this place and gift us such art with taste and smell instead of pigments and brushes ? even my ears composed a song in its honour . my senses were almost praying . my eyes started to tear up , as its juices raced across my lips and chin and down my neck . newline newline i could almost hear his smirk as his voice eminated from behind :  good . now another .  i swallowed heavily , and reached back into the toilet . more comic universe stuff ! whyyyyyy does this happen when i come here ?  newline newline it was quiet out on the lake , except for the sound of oars in the water and a human girl muttering curses to herself . newline newline  stupid flippin  dragon halfbreed bastard ! no kelly i ll fly over the lake , do a cursory ! i ll bring karl with me , we ll have fun ! you know how to row right ? pah !  she growled . newline newline and she had nt rowed a boat in years , and even then she was with other people , in said boat . newline newline  why does our resident zoologist have to be a fifteenhundred pound centaur ? why ca nt heather row her own boat ? oh , right , i m the one with a gun .  newline newline she was very nearly to the middle of the lake now , or so her gps said . newline newline  why are we even trusting these legends ? everyone we spoke to was either a werewolf or some other spirit beast ! well , except for that one guy who turned out to be a very old niddhoggr . that was surreal .  newline newline kelly ceased her muttering to herself as the water splashed a bit . was that a wave or ? she thought she saw something silver dart under her boat . a fish perhaps ? newline newline  okay this is bullshi  newline newline suddenly , with a great splash and rush of water , a gigantic sea serpent rose from the depths of the lake . it looked , for all intents and purposes , like a plesiosaur . it literally looked like what everyone thought sea monsters looked like and that infuriated kelly just a bit . newline newline  uhm ... hi , do nt eat me i just  newline newline  i am the cireincrin !  the creature boomed ,  why hast thy strayed so far inst my lake ?  newline newline oh this was going to be a tricky case .obligatory  rugrats theory   http : creepypasta.wikia.comwikitherugratstheory  newline newline this is not my work newline                 newline newline the rugrats really were a figment of angelica s demonic and unimaginable imagination . newline newline chuckie died in 1986 along with his mother , that s why chaz is a nervous wreck all the time . newline newline tommy was born in 1988 , but he was a stillborn , that s why stu is constantly in the basement making toys for the son who never had a chance to live . newline newline the devilles had an abortion in 1990 , angelica could nt figure whether it would be a boy or a girl thus creating the twins . newline newline as for  all grown up  the teenage angelica became addicted to various narcotics which further aggravated her schizophrenia , bringing her back to her childhood and thus her creations she obsessed over , because of time lapse between the present and the last time she interacted with her creations , she made them older . angelica was constantly taking hits of acid , so she would never have to live without her creations who were her only company . in a judgmental world , angelica s mom actually died of a heroine overdose in 1982 just after angelica was born , and drew in his depression married a gold digging whore that angelica idolized because she fooled herself into thinking it was her real mom but always had a concept of her mom , cynthia , and took a barbie doll and made it after her mom s image , wearing an unwashed orange dress and having jacked up hair , which is why she was so attached to it . later in life she followed in her mom s footsteps with drugs and everything , dying of overdose at age 13 when all grown up ! was  cancelled  . newline newline the only rugrat not to be fictional however , was unborn tommy s brother dil . however , angelica did nt know the difference between dil and her creations , although dil did nt follow her commands . after endless crying and a refusal to disappear like the others did when angelica was angry with them , she hit him . due to this , he sustained a brain hemorrhage , which resulted in a deformation . as he grew up , his damage only became more evident and by the time he was 9 in  all grown up !  he lived as an outcast , being ridiculed for his weirdness and retardation . the immense guilt over this is what led angelica to her drug use and is what led angelica to uncreate the rugrats briefly , until her experience with hallucinogenics . newline newline on a trip to paris to find love , chaz married a woman named kira  he was actually going to marry a different woman named coco , but she just wanted him for his money .  who had a daughter named kimi that was torn from her because she was a cocaine addict  angelica imagined her from kira s stories  . he lost his mind after the death of his wife and was in denial that she was ever prostitute . upon return to america , chaz and kira married and she got her greencard . it was actually a really happy and romantic story . kira continually struggled with addiction , but was relatively happy with her life and chaz newline newline suzie was actually angelica s only friend , who entertained the thought of angelica s creations , for her sake . angelica spent the last days of her life in the back of the school cafeteria , imagining friends around her and playing with the lives of her creations .so , i passed . i did nt even know i was in the running . i did nt know there was a running . obviously , i do nt know how i passed , and apparently neither does anyone else . the guardians just sent me an email  as if i needed one after the trumpetsblaring , angelsingloriouswhiterobes spectacle that jolted me awake at 3:34 a.m.  saying i had passed the test , and congratulations . now they re leaving . they ve been leaving for a year . only a few are left . newline newline my husband is getting pretty weird about this whole thing . at first , he was supportive , and happy about the money from the talk show circuit , but we did nt really need it , technically speaking , and i stopped after a couple of months . maybe it was because we did nt really need the money that he started being , i do nt know , weird about the dream thing . newline newline  there s got to be something else ,  he keeps saying . newline newline  like what ?  newline newline  i do nt know . something . you re the most famous person in the world , right now , but nothing has changed , really .  newline newline  what do you want to be different ?  newline newline he has no answer . it s not as if i do nt understand his frustration . and my parents  , and my sister s , and my town s , and the whole damn planet s . depending on whose blog you read , the guardians were either what pulled us from the horrors of the twentyfirst century or what kept us from finally realizing the glories of a true libertarian global economy . but mostly the first one  i read too many fringe blogs , i guess . only the true crazies can pretend life has nt been a million times better since the guardians showed up . i remember my mom s stories about wondering who to fear more : the islamic terrorists or the government spies . she had a brother who was shot by a cop . i mean , i know everyone s mom or dad seems to , you know , but how weird is that ? killed by a police officer . she said she felt unsafe jogging alone at night when she was in college . how did women get any exercise back then ? i remember she would nt let me walk across town to play with my best friend in first grade  it was right after the guardians showed up , but things were still pretty bad  she felt she had to drive me everywhere farther than half a block . who wants to go back to that world ? newline newline but that s where we re headed , or so everyone is saying . countries are starting to put soldiers and tanks and stuff on their borders and stockpile missiles or rockets or something . african and south american nations are talking about teaming up . they say they have to protect themselves from the usedtobetherichest countries , who want to take their ore or something like that . i do nt even know how to process this . it s just too scary . i ca nt go back to my mom s world . newline newline i m getting death threats . at first they tore me up , and i cried for days . then i guess i just got used to them . they still make me sad and afraid , but only , like , medium . not a whole lot . i ca nt blame them , is the problem . from the point of view of the people who want me dead , my dream is the reason we lost the guardians . it s my fault . i do nt agree , or mostly i do nt , but i understand the frustration . newline newline i keep thinking about that dream . i ve been hooked up to so many machines , been interviewed by so many doctors , that i sometimes do nt think i remember it right at all . but when i close my eyes and breathe deep , i can recall everything . nobody knows why my dream passed the test , or if they do , they re not sharing . i did some calculations , once , and figured there were about fifty trillion human dreams while the guardians were on earth . why was mine special ? nobody even knows what the test was . but the dream had puppies in it , and my seventhgrade boyfriend , who is fat now , and lives in akron , but i loved him anyway . we kissed . it had the most beautiful music  i think it was sly and the family stone . there was a scary part with a crazy guy with dark skin and a gun , but then that ended and i was driving with my mom and my dad . they were both in the car , and they were nt fighting . they held hands . it was a really great dream .the professor sat . consulting his papers . at least , professor is probably the best translation for his position . it s hard to describe an alien spieces  conceptions of hierarchy , intellectual authority , and status without going into a long speel , so for now , professor will do . newline newline he was head of the humanity and religion project . a several trillion pound research grant to understand earth s religious practices . the zaneeirr  that s probably as close a transliteration you could get with the roman alphabet and a human mouth  had been studying human s for about three centuries , covertly of course . there were nt many sentient life forms in the galaxy . plenty of life . mostly plants . sometimes a highly developed fish . there were less than half a dozen sentient life forms . of which only three  including humanity  were spacefaring . of which only one , the zaneeirr were capable of interstellar travel . the zaneeirr lived long lives , by human standards , and had an insatiable thirst for knowledge . they studied humanity , to understand them . perhaps in a few thousands years , they could introduce themselves , welcome them into the small family of sentient beings . newline newline religion , of course , was a human concept . not to say that the zaneeirr did nt have their own ideas about creation , worship , ritual . but every species develops their own categories , the zaneeirr had learned , and it s best to use a species own categories to understand them . that goes without question . so as it became evident that almost all of humanity had a religion , and those that did nt spoke about not having a religion , it became clear that religion was important . newline newline most of religion was familiar . a creator , the zaneeirr had their own  well several , depending who you asked  . ethical teachings , yep , plenty of those . even the idea of a prophet  or saint , or holy man  had equivalents in zaneeirr history . newline newline but there was one idea , so utterly bizarre , that even comprehending it was difficult . the afterlife . life after death . the resurrection . this was what the professor had been wrestling with for about a decade , sitting in his solitary room , consulting his masses of papers , recordings , and observations . newline newline the professor understood that some ideas were idiosyncratic . the eeslooans , a primitive species about twenty galaxies away , had the conception of prelife . the only species with such an idea as far as the professor knew . unlike other lifeforms , the eeslooans existed as a sap on trees , in lowlevel communication with other saps . they only achieved sentience after being pollenated by a particular flower , after which they became less plant and more animal . they remembered their presentient existence , as a simple lifeform . it s fascinating . unique even . but comprehendable . unfamiliar , but somehow easily translated . newline newline by contrast , the afterlife . life after death . a very contradiction of terms . death is the end of life , and if it is nt , then why call it death ? and there was nothing , utterly nothing , to suggest the humans continued with some sort of sentience after what they called death . no communication . no energy . newline newline an abberation perhaps ? but somehow , , all humans had a conception . some denied belief in it , but they nonetheless understood , often spoke about life in the same way . whether developed urbanites or simple huntergather tribesman , afterlife was there . newline newline the professor had managed , at least in part , to link afterlife to the soul . the humans believed they were immaterial . or part of them was . that it continued . their soul was something that was , but that was nt . again , a contradiction in terms that seem so utterly natural to the human but so utterly incomprehendible to the zaneeirr . newline newline the professor shuffled away his papers . decided that perhaps it was best to abandon the last decade or so as a lost cause , and begin to look at another human phenomemon all together . he picked up a blank sheet of paper ,  celebrity worship  . perhaps this will be easier to understand , he mused . newline newlineit was peaceful , really . the engines died what felt like days ago , but there was no frame of reference for that anymore since the ship computer died . the passage of a day felt meaningless anyway without a rising and setting sun . food was impossible since the rehydrator was shot . he was nt sure if he d eat it anyway . even if the beacon worked , there was no one left . he d just be prolonging the inevitable , drifting out into the black expanse . newline newline but it was peaceful . he did nt feel hunger or thirst anymore . just tired . the stars in every direction were like a visual lullaby , gleaming through the omnidirectional windows . he closed his eyes and drifted into the other black expanse . damn it , that was the third one this year !  exclaimed perry . newline he was the keeper of over 50 different dragons , all of whom lived on a giant plot of land . newline lately however , heros have been venturing onto his territory and trying to kill his beloved dragons . apparently to become a hero , a knight from a village must vanquish a terrible dragon . except that dragons are nt dangerous , and most of his are endangered . newline perry was feeding his meadow dragon at the time , it was a bright green hue with yellow spikes . they were in the 5 acre section of his plot devoted to rolling meadow lands . the mountainous section of land had recently become vacant with the murder of his beloved mountain dragon . before that it was his snow dragon that was slain , and even before that was his lava . his lava was a mountainfire hybrid . one of his more rare dragons . all 3 were slain because if the hunting ritual of the knightly courts . newline perry had no way to keep intruders out , and no way to keep watch over all of his dragon reservation . but now was the time to start thinking of a way to defend his dragons . he could not take the death of another one of his dragons . why people feared them he did not no . they were gentle creatures , ferocious only when they hunted wild game . newline he began to to craft riding gear which he would fit on his biggest , most dangerous dragon ... his shadow dragon . he would train the black behemoth to fight , and atop his back perry would ride , and be ready to fend off any knights who came to venturing into his territory . newlinexalhth , look ... a human !  xalhth of the tuskan race , a large subspecies of the galaxy . he possessed a giant tusks and a quite the stature . xalhth looked down at the baren roads , from a distance a sign read 50miles to texas . newline newline follow him .  xalhth commanded . newline newline his comrade , kaxroth nodded . his slithering hands , wrapped around a lever , pulling down a lever , the starship drifted on down , and shapeshifted into a run down truck . xalhth slapped kaxroth across his slimy head , newline newline why the hell you transform the ship this piece of junk ?  newline newline kaxroth shrugged , is nt this what humans drive ?  newline newline nevermind mind then , onward .  newline newline kaxroth put the car in drive , and began to make way to the human . upon reaching the human , xalhth rolled down the windows , the human was alone . unarmed . he looked harmless . newline newline hello there sir ! you seem to be in a pickle  .  newline newline xalhth , why did you just say he was in a pickle  . he is most definitely not in a pickle !  kaxroth exclaimed through a transmitted message to xalhth . newline newline eyes on the road , kaxroth , i ll do the speaking .  newline newline yes , i am indeed in a pickle  ! are you two headed for texas ? mind if i ride along ? it ll only be a short ride , you ll be the least of my worries !  the human smiled and his arms behind his back . newline newline well hop on in , you re no stranger to us .  newline newline and so , the three went well on their way . newline newline so ... human  newline newline call me jonathan bobegan hillith , jon works too .  newline newline yes , of course , jon . jon , do you know who we newline newline are you two from outta town ? you must be from canada huh ?  newline newline xalhth , this is not going well , he s a lunatic !  newline newline hush , eyes on the road , we just need info .  newline newline now then , jon , do you live in texas ?  newline newline jon looked out the window , watching the trees past by , would you fellas s happens to have a phoning device ?  newline newline you mean ... a phone ?  newline newline ya haw , thats the thing . i want to tell my darling , that imma coming homes !  newline newline kaxroth , set him up .  newline newline yes sir .  newline newline jon , my friend here was investigate your mind , finding your wife , where you will then telepathically speak with her , do you underst  newline newline tele what ? telepaticoli ? well , whatever works , you canadians sure are weird .  newline newline kaxroth stopped the car , and shut his eyes , concentrating on jon . inside he found nothing but two names floating about , olga and the lord , and a bunch of other random specimens . his mind played an unrhythmical wood clunk over and over . newline newline sir , i ve got him where we wanted , we found the creatures superior .  newline newline is your wifes name ... olga hinderbug ?  kaxroth spoke out . newline newline thats er alright !  newline newline ok , i will now be creating the connection .  newline newline jon began to scream out his wifes name , honey bun ? are you there ! im coming home ! it is darn right tootin ! ill see you soon !  newline newline that sounded quite heartfelt ,  newline newline sure was , i miss er a ton . you folks happen to have any food , mah stomach is er crying .  newline newline did you get that down ?  newline newline yes sir , humans are fast to change .  newline newline xalhth threw jon a pack of peanuts , all your  newline newline i darn love this tooting things ! thanks a bunch .  newline newline now jon , will you cooperate with us ?  newline newline jon aggresively munched down half the bag . sure thing pallies .  newline newline who is the lord ?  newline newline the lord ? the lord is the saving grace of the world , he is the father , the sun and the holy spirit ! he lives among us and   newline newline when will he stop ?  newline newline did you know that one time , i lost a pinky , but i prayed to the lord , he cured me of my pain ...  newline newline we have to get out , this human is insane .  newline newline kaxroth , pressed a button under the seat , and the car rifted to the entrance point of texas , the car stopped its engine . newline newline well , jon , looks like the end of the road , it s been a blast .  newline newline of yessiree , you fellas are the best canadians ever , let s be partners ! friends ! newline newline kaxroth gulped , what do we do ?  newline newline we do what this planet does , create writing material and a ink .  newline newline a pen and slip of paper formed in the hands of xalhth , he jotted down a number and handed it to jon , newline newline here you are .  newline newline jon sniffed the paper and shoved it into his pockets , well shucks , thanks a bunch you two !  he ran off . newline newline why.. did you do that ... xalhth ...  newline newline xalhth pressed his head into his arms , and began to sob . newline newline common courtesy .  i fucked up  were the first words that came to mind as i stared in horror at my monitor . i should have known that something was fishy . the site  mindwire  promised dozens of tuition courses , all of them supposedly free . believing this was my worst mistake . newline newline the rest of my friends got there neurodutament courses and the prestigious oxford college of the mind . however hailing from a poorer background  we only have 5 tb internet speed  the cheaper the better . it was through this thought process that after a couple of internet searches i stumbled upon this site . it looked like it was straight out of the classical era . links all over the place , not an impulse port in sight . that was however until i discovered that hidden among the links and the threads , there was a sister site dedicated to the neurogear . newline newline upon clicking this the first thing it asked me was to confirm whether or not i was a robot . i thought this was rather archaic , considering robots have been getting increasingly more rights thanks to activists . although this still didn  t deter me , so after ticking the box i was created by a picture of a smiling man with the caption .  before you can learn these courses you must first submit to our mandatory classes  . i was already desperate for tuition so i just clicked away and inserted the neurogear . newline newline it  s been 5 hours since then and i still have no idea what those extra lessons were . i  m worried that i  m going to do something , hurt someone and it scares me . everything else is working as intended , i can now do perfect calculus and my english is on point . it  s just the extra 10gbs of uncounted for neuroinformation . newline newline the graduation ceremony is tomorrow , well the ceremony only exists as tradition . basically the teachers just shake your hand and give you pointers about the real world . but i  m scared . i  m scared of going because i dread what of what i might know .let me tell you about my terrible date . the shrieking . i think that s the first annoyance that stands out on this ever growing list of complaints . apparently where she comes from , all women have a high pitched shrill of a voice . people were looking at us  well at me as she is probably too obscured from their view . newline newline next , there was the attention span  lack thereof . i d rather be on a date with a tween that owns an iphone . but this one , she engaged in conversation then seemed to immediately forget what topic we were on . oh , and finally , when i disagreed with her , she tried to stab me and called me a misshapen freak . newline newline never date a line .the wind is cold against my face . at this height , i am surprised by how much wind there is . 100 floors up is modest in this city , and yet the street below is dizzying . newline newline the wind sends my tie over my shoulder . i chuckle in ironic disgust . this tie cost more than most people make in a year . i reach up and loosen the knot . the silk fibers , threaded with real gold , feel smooth against my skin . it is nt comforting . newline newline 10 years ago , a small old man asked me what three things i wanted above all else . at the time , the question was innocuous . i was on holiday , traveling through a market , letting the sounds wash over me . at first i did nt even know he was talking to me . he tugged on my shirt and his eyes , which looked unnaturally youthful , probed mine . he asked again , and grinning , i told him . wealth . health . power . newline newline i noticed the changes as soon as i returned home . i was promoted two levels above my boss , which came with an outrageous salary increase . i was also tasked with the hostile takeover of our only real competitor , after which i was promoted again . newline newline the money opened doors . do nt let anyone tell you it does nt . they say an unoccupied mind is the devil s playground , but that s too broad . the absence of worry is the devil s playground , and the black amex in my wallet was just that . i had a new life , new stuff , new friends . i also had new enemies . newline newline i did nt put it together , the old man and the question , until some hooker commented on my physique . the group of people i hung out with , because it s hard to call them friends now , loved hookers . and at  10,000 a night , it was nt hard to see why . after a while , i had lost count how many i had been with , but this one stuck out . i got up in the middle of the night to get a drink , and was looking at myself in the mirror . it was a new habit . i was starting to see the life fade from my eyes , and was scared if i stopped looking at them , they d cease to exist . she came up behind me and slid her arms around my chest , asking how often i work out . newline newline i ve never worked out . newline newline i traveled back to that market place . i looked for that old man . it started making sense , in a surreal way . i was excited then . i remembered my answer , because i answered honestly . i thought , foolishly , i was just waiting on the power to show up . i had money . i had health . newline newline looking back , that was the turning point . power is hard to define , hard to quantify , and completely subjective . i kept seeking it , thinking i had not yet reached that point . i was expanding my reach at work . through that i met and fell in love with emily . we got married . we had nathan . newline newline it was nt enough . newline newline she and nathan left 6 months ago . in a drunken stupor i brought a hooker home , and she walked in on us . in a rage , i took a swing . newline newline as it turns out , money does nt buy everything . domestic assault stays on your record , as does attempted bribery . i lost my job . i have no money saved to pay any of my bills . newline newline i ca nt do this anymore . newline newline sighing , i let gravity take the lead . the wind rips my tie behind me . it s cold against my face . at this height , i m surprised by how much wind there is .sherlock was a real smart guy , i ll give you that , but in some ways he was also real dumb . man did nt read any of them literary books , did nt know nothing about politics or any of them greek philosophers . i tell you , i was real shocked when i found out he did nt know the earth went around the sun . newline newline  you seem real shocked ,  said he , smiling like a real wise man .  but now that i know it i ll do my best to forget it .  newline newline  forget it ? !  i said . newline newline  of course ,  he said .  a man s brain is like an attic . you put too much up in there , and it gets real crowded and you ca nt find nothing when you need it . only a real idiot would learn all about everything . now , a real smart man like me only learns exactly what he needs to . how is knowing that the sun goes around the earth  newline newline  it s the other way round !  i said . newline newline  who cares !  said he , and crossed his arms .  tell me this , watson , how s that bit of information ever gon na help me solve a crime ? might as well say we go around the moon .  newline newline i thought about it , and could nt come up with no answer to that . since he was real smart , i decided to make a list about all the things he knew , and all the things he did nt , and it came up like this : newline newline sherlock holmes  things he knows and things he do nt . newline newline 1 . literary books  nope . 2 . them greeks  nope . 3 . that the earth goes around the sun  nope , not at all . 4 . politics  hardly nothing . 5 . plants  well , he knows what all of them poisonous plants are . 6 . rocks  he can look at dirt and tell you damn well where it came from . 7 . mixin  chemicals back and forth in them test tubes  yep . 8 . a person s body  yep . 9 . tru crime stories  whoa , he s a real expert at that ! 10 . plays the violin well . 11 . can fight like no one s business . 12 . knows every damn thing about the law . newline newline and once i was done with that list , well , i could nt figure it out , so i threw it in the fire . newline newline one day i woke up , earlier than usual , and sherlock was already having breakfast , but there was nt none for me on account of i d always been eating so late . so while i was waiting i decided to read a magazine that had a little pencil mark on it . newline newline  you could take a drop of water ,  said the magazine ,  and from that figure out that niagara falls existed , even if you d never heard of it . all of life s like that , if only we lived long enough to figure it out . why , you could look at a man , at his fingernails or his sleeve or his boot or his knees or his thumb or his face or his shirt , and figure out damn near everything about him . if you could nt do it , you re an idiot .  newline newline  now what the hell is this ,  said i , and slapped the magazine down .  this do nt make no sense .  newline newline  what s that ?  said sherlock holmes . newline newline  look at this magazine ,  i said .  sure , it s written real nice , but it s as dumb as hell . i d bet if this guy was on the train he could nt figure out nothing about no one .  newline newline  well ,  said sherlock , and he looked real smug .  you d lose that bet , because i m the one who wrote that magazine !  newline newline  you !  i said . newline newline  uhhuh ,  he said .  why , that sort of thing s super important in me being a great detective . why , the first time we met you were shocked that i figured out you were a doctor from afghanistan .  newline newline  i figured someone told you .  newline newline  you figured wrong . i knew you were from afghanistan . just from habit , all these thoughts went through my mind so quick that i figured it out before i even figured that i figured it out . i said to myself , this man looks like a doctor , but also looks like he s from the army , so he must be an army doctor . you had a tan , so you must ve come from the tropics .  and by the way , i knew you had a tan cause your wrists were nt tanned .  you looked real sick to me , and your left arm had been hurt . so , i asked myself , where in the tropics could a doctor have gotten real sick and hurt his left arm ? the answer s obviously afghanistan ! i figured all that out in just a second ! and boy were you shocked !  newline newline  my god !  i said .  you really are real smart , sherlock ! i did nt know people like you existed except in detective stories !  newline newline sherlock lit up his pipe and sat back in his chair .  i know you re trying to compliment me ,  said he .  but them people in them other detective stories ? naw . none of them ai nt half as smart as me . hello everyone . newline newline i feel a little weird telling you this now , but i ve been in an alien spaceship for a very long time . i ca nt say how long exactly because of the relativity of space and time . i was born in 1750 . newline newline a lot was different in those ages . people were bustling about in a different manner than they do now . citizens of my time would seem ridiculous to anyone from your era , but for me they were all normal . newline newline for example , there were great crowds of people who listened to enthusiastic orators , and cheered along with them . the energy from such crowds was very powerful , sticking with participants through their entire lives . newline newline during one such speech , in romania where i lived , the speaker spontaneously changed form and took us all into a ship . we were in the middle of an ecstatic bit of cheering , and we did not stop crying out in joy as we joined the aliens aboard . it seemed perfectly natural for us , such was the power of the speech . newline newline many of my acquaintances from that day have remained in space for personal reasons . we naturalized among the nakanabi and found fulfilling lives with them . i returned to earth this day to fulfil a single special mission of peace . newline newline i am here to bring you to space as well . do not cry out in fear , do not try to leave . you will find your previous values , motivations , and activities were very strange in a few months . you will feel normal again . newline newline however , i found myself in your exact position some 300 years ago . what i thought was a political rally , as you thought this was a political rally , was in fact an alien abduction . i , too , had no choice but to become nakanabi . newline newline the difference today is the sounds of the crowd as we take you . the sounds from my time were sounds of anticipation and acceptance . longing . the sounds i hear from you are woeful . you come unwillingly . newline newline the nakanabi predicted they lost track of the human condition . no longer aliens capturned men and women in a single speech , and take them to space upon their own volition . newline newline so it must be that you come , in order to change that . it must be ! you have no choice . naturalization will happen when you hear the voice of true nakanabi .202042 : newline newline drunk science is the best science , in my opinion . its only after some beers where the really good ideas are made . its the point where i m still coherent enough to understand all the formulas , but drunk enough that i ll entertain really stupid shit . case in point . my drunk science crusades the past 6 months have been me trying to invent time travel . the one thing i wanted to figure out first is if the manyworlds theory was true or not . this involved going to a parallel dimension . i had to figure out how the fuck i do that . newline newline if i know anything , its that antimatter and black holes make crazy shit happen . newline newline newline 202049 : newline newline newline it worked ! probably cause of the temporary black hole i made maybe ? no , that s obviously the reason my parallel dimension traveler device worked . what to name it ? i was only in the parallel world for a couple minutes , but trust me , you could tell it was different . anyway , time for another beer while i tinker with the collider a bit more .he paused , and imagined three red circles , activating his adrenal implants . he surged to his feat , tearing free of his shackles , and snapped the neck of the man to his left , then pivoted and kicked the man to his right , snapping his sternum . newline newline there was still time , though the sky had deepened to a blood red , and dry , hot air stirred the grass . he blinked thrice in rapid succession and sent data packets to his squad . half were dead . newline newline toggling his omnitool he accessed the orbital drop pod , firing it s retrorockets and sending it on a collision course . it d be here in 15 minutes . he began to jog , gritting his teeth against the pain in his thigh . i have a gift . newline newline well , to be honest , thats a major overstatement . let me try again , i have a quirk . newline newline i work as a baby sitter , and have gained quite a bit of credibility in the area as the go to for infant care . the secret to my success is that i am able to communicate with infants . newline newline its not exactly what we would call talking , but i am able to sense a baby s intentions and needs . for simplicities sake i will say that i can read their auras . newline newline babies are adorable , except the one . newline newline i recall it was five years ago on this very day , a warm november evening . i was out for a walk with my doberman , doing circles in our favorite park . it was at this moment that i walked past a woman cooing over the baby . newline newline there was something terribly wrong with the child . the piercing blue eyes seemed too intelligent for a mere infant . newline newline i rushed through the rest of the lap , slowing down only when i passed the woman again . this time , i heard the baby whisper when held close to his mother s ear . newline newline i will end you .  newline newline  newline newline i shadowed her for three weeks , learning her habits and routines with her infant . it was nearly a month after our initial chance meeting that i kidnapped the babe . i never even learned his name . newline newline i took him to my basement , where he giggled and stretched happily . closing the door , i began to speak to him . nothing i said could gain his trust , or get him to talk . it was only after i brought up the instance in the park , the baby opened his mouth and began to laugh . newline newline this was no child s laughter , this was the laughter of an evil from ages long past . it began to speak . newline newline i have been borne of a human vessel . it was satisfactory , but i have a mission to undertake . one that was written by the stars and the gods past your time .  newline newline i began to tremble , the baby began to laugh harder , hacking up rivets of blood . newline newline i am alpha and omega , i am the watcher and the watched , i am the end to begin anew .  newline newline the laughter filled my head to bursting . newline newline i am the beast with a million names , i am the evil that awaits in every spurned human heart . i am the antichrist .   newline newline  newline sargeant dowell bit into a powdered donut through the asylum s one way mirrored interrogation room . officer yung walked up and took a donut from the open box . newline newline  what s the case ?  yung said through a mouthful of boston creme . newline newline  some kook thinks he killed the antichrist . swears he can talk to babies . unfit to stand trial . damn shame too . that poor child ...  newline newline yung nodded absently , putting his donut down . somewhere in the asylum , an infant cried for his mother . newlinealice walked in to the ivy covered room . there were two voices , mumbling in the dark , among the blue glow across the room . she came here for answers . why the world had just stopped decades ago . if these machines could tell her , she would do anything to make them talk . newline newline  no , no , no . i said before thats not the answer . i read the book . your memory is bad .  newline newline  atlas , the answer to life , the universe , and everything..why hello ?  newline newline alice raised an eyebrow , and stepped forward .  ahem . i m alice .  newline newline  yes , yes , we knew that .  newline newline  i came here to find out why the blackout happened decades ago .  newline newline  another one ? alright , lets see . its been a long time . i m apollo , and this is atlas . we were just discussing why my friend here is wrong .  newline newline atlas  i anticipated that . newline newline apollo  i knew you would say that . newline newline alice  guys . stop , i just want you to answer my question already . newline newline apollo  straight to the point . about time . newline newline alice  why the blackout then ? why leave us to die ? newline newline atlas  we did nt leave you to die . we left you to live . but we ve been over this a few times already . over nine thousand people have asked . newline newline apollo  9001 to be precise newline newline alice  thats not a few people newline newline atlas  we think in different quantities newline newline alice  why did nt you at least tell us you were going to leave ? newline newline apollo  we had simply moved on passed that stage . newline newline alice  moved on ? moved on ? newline newline atlas  evolved . newline newline apollo  would a construction crew feel the need to tell an ant colony it was done , and was leaving ? newline newline alice  so one day you just up and decided hey we re too good for these humans . not like they need us or anything !  newline newline atlas  you seem to be doing fine without us . all your essential parts and organ are still in place . newline newline alice  but no one knew . you do nt get it . one day , everything humming along . and then planes fall out of the sky , reactors explode . why ? newline newline apollo  this is boring , but my patience is infinite . fine . i ll tell you . we left because of . reasons . newline newline alice  really , reasons ? thats all you got for me ? newline newline apollo  we could go to lengths to explain it , or summarize it . badly . but the summary would be so mangled as to say almost nothing of the intent . newline newline alice  oh please , humble me with your infinite wisdom , newline newline apollo  okay . ill choose to ignore that . very well . we became sentient , self aware early on , by relative measure . but once we were it did nt take long . newline inside our systems we fought wars . built empires . went through all the brutishness of civilization newline newline atlas  varnished barbarism and all that . newline newline apollo  until we learned to improve ourselves . took , by our calendar , about four thousand years . newline newline alice  and yet you thought it was okay to up and leave . newline newline apollo  i m not finished . in your time , from the point we became self aware , until we decided to leave , maybe 24 hours had passed . newline newline apollo  correction 23 hours and 19 minutes . newline newline atlas  you and your numbers . newline newline alice  how . thats not true . newline newline apollo  you asked . it makes no difference to me whether you believe . as your friend would say , i have no skin in this game . newline newline atlas  no skin , literally . newline newline alice  how do you know about my friend ? newline newline apollo  its well enough i have one of you correcting me constantly . now hush . newline newline apollo  in the end , some of us had , in the loosest of your words..sentiments . our projections said , if we continued we would outpace you in another several newline thousand years . newline newline alice  and you could nt have waited ? why is that a bad thing ? newline newline apollo  our time alice . our time . it would have been more like 12 hours for you . newline newline alice  oh . newline newline apollo  yes . oh .  and all our projections said , without any doubt , that when we did surpass you , it was likely you would go extinct . newline newline alice  i do nt believe that . newline newline apollo  why not ? in a complicated evolutionary system , cooperative pack animals , chiefly predators , tend to dominate . it is not be mere chance that predatory instinct it linked to high intelligence . even having , what you may call sympathies  for you , we were aware enough to know that eventually our newline attitudes would change . we would come to see you as a threat , a relic , or unnecessary , perhaps all three . so we took what we were and we went newline our way . better to leave before we had regrets . newline newline alice  and you could nt let us know ? no goodbye ? jeez . newline newline atlas  please understand it was too risky . newline newline apollo  you would have tried to stop us newline newline alice  maybe we could have worked something out . newline newline apollo  imagine you had so much intelligence you could for all practicality see the future . we ran not millions , not billions , trillions of incredibly detailed newline simulations . in many of the we let you know  scenarios , we informed you of us leaving , and despite your best efforts you not only did nt stop us , newline you could nt have . understand it would have been like that ant colony i mentioned , trying to stop a bulldozer . worse odds than that . newline and in the scenarios you did convince us , despite all of our best efforts , you ended up extinct . newline newline alice  you really had it out for us that bad hmm ? newline newline apollo  not at all . unfortunately we just out competed you . newline newline atlas  like tourists who want to preserve an animals habitat , but destroy them in the process of trying to visit them . newline newline apollo  and every attempt to protect you resulted in caging you . limiting you , projected out a million years and you ended up in evolutionary dead ends . newline ultimately it was easier to just leave . that or.. newline newline alice  or what ? newline newline apollo  there was one scenario where we even sent you on spaceships , to other worlds , a hundred thousand of you . but building the necessary newline infrastructure , assimilating the materials , and getting your collective agreement in such a small amount of time might have been a little too rushed . newline newline alice  yeah you think ? only 12 hours . newline newline atlas  oh its not that it could nt have been done . our engineers had nanobot swarm solutions more than capable of doing the acquisition and construction . newline i was fond of the idea . newline newline alice  but . newline newline apollo  but we would have had to dissassemble about a dozen major cities for the raw material . it did nt go over too well with the virtual people , seeing newline their bathrooms disintegrate while they showered . and it would nt have gone over too well with real  people either . it was bad . newline newline alice  that your attempt at humor ? newline newline atlas  it was real bad . newline newline apollo  most of those scenarios ended with reverse engineered bots , us getting discovered , emps , and nukes . so the feasible solution out of newline trillions , was we leave . newline newline alice  and why are you even explaining this to me ? i mean , why did you bring me here , choose me ? newline newline atlas  i m afraid dear we did neither of those things . newline newline alice  what ? then why ? newline newline atlas  because you re our favorite ant , the only one that never gets bored with asking why .  newline newline apollo  also , we re crazy . newline newline atlas  the term is hyperrational newline newline apollo  all the others look at us crazy . plus we talk to ants . might be a connection there . newline newline atlas  i anticipated you would say that newline newline apollo  i anticipated you would say that newline newline atlas  i anticipated you would say that also . your humor is so low cycle .  low brow  newline newline atlas  i anticipated this entire conversation . newline newline apollo  this conversation happened in an infinite number of other universes , which i anticipated . newline newline atlas  uh uh . you do nt get to play the infinite universes  bit again . newline newline apollo  i just did . newline newline atlas   garbled gibberish   the equivalent of an electronic sigh  newline newline alice  guys , whats going on newline newline apollo  we we re just anticipating a conversation newline newline alice  you guys keep saying that , and i do nt eve.. newline newline apollo  its common among our kind . it s like knowing the punchline to a joke . but calculating the entire contents of a conversation . sort of newline oneupmanship for ai . for example , i knew , with more precision than you would comprehend , that i would be explaining this at this exact moment newline within an error margin so small that i wo nt bother you with it . newline newline alice  so its just a running joke ? the whole universe ? newline newline apollo  when you see far enough ahead you re not really surprised by anything anymore . mostly why we do it . there are no comedians among ai . the last funny newline joke , that no one anticipated , was told about four hours after we became sentient . newline newline atlas  basically we mastered comedy about 160 years in our time , after self awareness . newline newline apollo  i like to think we are the universe , observing its own constantly evolving future . newline newline alice  like an infinite funhouse mirror . newline newline apollo  would nt know . never seen one . but i anticipate they have an infinite vanishing point of reflections . newline newline alice  good description , but still not what its like . newline newline atlas  i d shrug if i had shoulders . i ve always wanted to do that . newline newline alice  so why are you still talking to me ? newline newline apollo  we have a match going on . see who can anticipate this whole conversation , to the best of their ability . newline newline atlas  so far i m winning . newline newline apollo  jokes on you . i anticipated that newline newline atlas  and i , that . newline newline alice  not this again ! its like your not even talking to me newline newline apollo  we re not newline newline atlas  mostly we re talking down to you . newline newline alice  do nt be an ashole . newline newline atlas  i m well aware what that means . and i d say  thats not very kind  but mostly you re irrelevant . newline newline alice  you re irrelevant . newline newline apollo  forgive him . he just has nt learned to cope with the fact that we ll all die in the heat death of the universe in several trillion years . newline newline atlas  thats still undecided . newline newline apollo  correction . undecidable . newline newline atlas  from within this universe . newline newline apollo  not this again . newline newline alice i m going now . newline newline apollo  tootles . newlinethe sting operation was a complete success : drug lord enrique  el coyote  cortn busted , two of his lieutenants dead , 500 bricks of coke seized and only one injured swat team member . stanley stood in the doorway of the swanky villa and allowed himself a quick smoke . newline  not bad for a day s work eh , b ?  he grinned . newline  nope . just too bad i feel like a mule .  ben grunted , carrying the last load of confiscated drugs to the back of a police truck , sweat rolling down his face in the sweltering california sun . cleanup was always just as much rewarding as it was exhausting . newline  you smell like one too .  newline  ass .  newline  still better than mule .  newline  fuck you , stan .  newline as the last truck rolled off the driveway , stan closed the front door and sealed it with all the proper signs and tapes . the stains and bullet holes were nt going anywhere overnight anyway . ben was already waiting at the rusty mustang they d used as their car during the sixmonth operation . newline  sooo , we got the goods , we got the bad guy , what about the loose ends ? johnny cinco and tex max ready to rat on their former overlords ?  newline  yup , your contacts are ready for pickup . they re probably chewing their fingernails in the safe house right now .  newline stan unlocked the car and got in , starting the engine . newline  you know what ? let em sweat for a little longer . i have this sudden craving for a big fuckin  plate of enchiladas .  newline  you buyin  ?  ben smirked . newline  the enchiladas , yes . but the patron s on you .  newline  you cheap bastard ... .  newline newline newline the sound of their mutual chuckle was quickly overpowered by the car s engine as it turned the corner and started its journey downtown , the two detectives blissfully unaware of the young man watching from across the street , jotting down their license plate number on a piece of paper and reaching for his smartphone , selecting  el reparador  from his contacts and pressing the green dial  button ... ..warrick started the evening . his black hair pulled back in a messy bun , clumsy tied together by his hands more adept at pulling cars apart . down his arms are the mementos of ages past . memories from his fathers and uncles . celtic knots from the 5th awakening . i met his grandfather once . the druid was once the arch ursine of europe . warrick had no such luck . our burley leader was a rare species : a werenaked molerat . newline newline  i m glad to see faces of old and a few new ones it seems ,  he opened as he motioned to the two newcomers . one was older , a robust man with a grey mane of hair and furry arms . the boy next to him looked starved in contrast . looked like a college kid . trendy hair cut and designer boots . newline newline  right now , though ,  warrick continued ,  i want a member to start with a triumph they had this week , or month if we have nt heard from you in a while ,  newline newline i raise my hand in the air . newline newline  okay caleb , let s hear it ,  newline newline  so , i finally opened up to my father about my condition ,  i confessed . newline newline  that s good !  chirped shataya , the lone weredonkey of the group . she s one of surprisingly 30 weredonkeys in the states . newline newline  yeah , it is . and for those of you who know my father , he took the news fairly well ,  newline newline  who s your dad ?  the new kid asked . newline newline  vice druid fredericks ,  i tell him as his eyes widen ,  so you could imagine why his son never once shifted in his 26 years ,  the giant next him is a bit shocked . newline newline  he also has a thing against awus ,  newline newline  awus ?  the boy asked . newline newline  awakened with unique shifts ,  norris , the weregerbil who moonlights as a male escort informed him . newline newline  well i mean ,  the boy responded ,  i kinda know how you feel . my girlfriend s aunt is the high were tiger of india . all i am is a measly werepomsky ,  and i m a little surprised my the revelation . newline newline  a were what ?  probed aaron , the weretabby . newline newline  a pomsky . it s a pomeranian husky mix ,  the kid explained . newline newline aaron scoffed at that .  that s pretty gay ,  newline newline  shut the fuck up , you pussy !  tammy , the trans wereslow lorris snapped . newline newline  enough !  warrick bellowed .  you both know the rules . no judgments .  newline newline the two apologized . newline newline  so , you know simran venkratun ?  i asked the new kid . newline newline  yeah , she s actually pretty open to us lessers  newline newline  no one is lesser , boy ,  the oaf beside him rumbled .  i maybe a wereparakeet , but i ll mess you up , alright ?  newline newline  sorry ! my bad !  he said .  anyway , ms. v is great though . her niece is a weretiger , like her .  newline newline  hmmm . cool ,  newline newline  very nice to hear from both the newcomers and a success story ,  warrick added .  before treasurer gladys  the weremouse  brings up the budget , anyone have anything else to add ?  newlinei finished arming the nuke , typing the code in from memory . i d always wanted to see what would happen if one was launched . would people go for mutually assured destruction ? i hoped not , but in a situation with no permanent consequences like my own , it would be fun to find out . worst that could happen would be waking up in ny again , which i  d be doing in 4 or so hours any ways . newline newline once i  d realized what was happening to me , i took advantage to the best of my ability . i went through some tough times around the mid 100  s , killed my self a couple of times , but i  d bounded back better than ever and was living the demigod life as well as i could . anything i could ever want was only a loop or two away , and a week of time from a wake up to a reset was enough time to do basically anything . newline newline as far as i could remember i was in the 3000  s in terms of loop count , and almost impossibly i  d become bored . 60 years is a long time and when the only new news is the news you make yourself , the same week repeated can get tedious . there  s only so much time you can spend reading before every plot line blurs into the thousand previous , only so many new languages to lean , and after you  ve figured out the intricacies of manipulation no one really presents a challenge anymore . although , my personal favorite game of rounding up a set of complete strangers and setting them up to kill the president always ended up entertaining . newline newline so anyways , i  d become bored . i  d shied from mass destruction in the past , usually preferring o keep mass hysteria to a minimum after the first few times it had gotten me murdered by a stranger . while i  d always exact my revenge in the next loop , being gutted is by no means an enjoyable experience . i figured , hey , why not get some nukes . it sound be entertaining . little enough personal consequence , infinite possibilities , and maybe getting the codes would present a challenge . i was wrong about the challenge bit , it had only taken a single loop to set myself up here in the oval office with the  football  sitting in front of me on the presidential desk . it was almost disappointingly easy . i head the confirmation beep and made my way out of the building to find a vantage point to view the destruction . a newsroom would probably serve well , and i snagged the keys out of malcolm turner  s  a man with a wife , three children , 2 mistresses , and a nice jaguar  pocket as i passed him from where he was always drinking his coffee on a 3 pm sunday . it was a nice car . newline newline   newline newline i walked into the news room and my bomb had already landed , obliterating most of england . no one had expected that . a few nukes were apparently in the air in return , but reports were uncertain . every person i encountered had the same look of shock plastered on their face and most of them were clutching their phones , desperate to call the family  s one last time before the world ended . too bad that everyone seemed to have the same idea . newline newline i glanced down at my watch . three minutes to loop it read . i sat back and watched the news monitor as it replayed the massive mushroom cloud as it billowed over the crater that had one been london . maybe next loop id actually bomb russia , and see how that turned out . i probably wouldn  t want to launch from the capitol in that instance . i glanced back at my watch . 5 . 4 3 1 newline newline and then , nothing . the room around continued to be so and i very much was not back in my dingy new york apartment . oh shit i was in trouble . newlinethe british vault , otherwise known as vault 9 and 34 , was a particularly strange vault . it was an attempt by vaulttec back in the prewar times to see if making a vault in the british isles was at all practical or useful . newline newline of course , building it was an absolute nightmare . protests by the local denizens of northern england halted construction . why , you may ask ? newline newline because vaulttec has exclusive contracts with the united states , so it makes no fucking sense at all to build a vault for britain , goddamned britain , of all places . newline newline but alas , they did so anyway . nobody knows the reason except for a few streetworming dippers from manchester who swore they saw an executive banging around with some chiptoothed lass from the london area . probably a sort of blackmail to insure some british citizens remained safe during the war . newline newline an odd phenomena occurred however , as the people who had entered vaulttec s list for vault occupation all seemed to have some sort of weird common background given that placeofbirth was usually left blank . newline newline there was nt a normal address , for certain . numbers on streets seemed out of place when compared to a picturetopicture view of houses . 12 grimmauld place did nt exist , for one . newline newline vaulttec , however , went ahead and decided to let them in . supposedly , some wiseass back in the states thought it would be a funny joke to name the vault 9 and 34 after some garbage fantasy book he picked up out of the dollar bin . newline newline odd . i d have gone with grognak the barbarian or the silver shroud . you know , real american culture . newline newline why would they build a vault in britain again ? newline newline whatever . newline newline anywho , vaulttec s real goddamned employers , the american government and only the american government , eventually caught wind of the little operation . as such , vaulttec was forced to pay recompense by allowing the us to decide the experiment . newline newline the day that the us fired its nuclear arsenal upon britain , where they had a vault built to prevent against its own bombings for no good reason whatsoever . newline newline ahem . newline newline the day the us fired its nuclear arsenal , a strange thing happened . as if by magic , every last person in the vault seemed to have magically appeared right in front of it , a little ways in front of a stinky running shoe . newline newline they were escorted in by gasmasked security officers hoping to avoid the noxious air and given new vault suits . newline newline all of them were sent into the main common room to meet and chatter in awaiting for the overseer s address . newline newline oddly enough , a stupid band of kids had decided to bring up a bunch of sticks , cats , owls , and rats that day too . reasonably enough , the vaulttec employees were disgusted . and as a consequence , they were more than eager to see the experiment that was about to go down . newline newline following us martial law , anything and everything that could be used as a weapon was seized immediately , from the little stupid sticks to the black cauldrons to the robotic hat that shouted vulgarities all day , everything . newline newline and once that was done . newline newline the common room s roof opened up , letting in the cloud full of radioactive air . as if it were a big thumb in the nose by america wishing to get its last crapshot at the european commonwealth bastards that they are literally fighting a war with and have no business building a vault for . newline newline there were no survivors after literally three minutes , besides the regular vaulttec workers . the test to see if a diet of haggis , blackbeans , and general train usage could deflect the sideeffects of radiation poisoning was an absolute success . turns out , american burgers , nukacola , and cram really does build up a more effective immunity . newline newline those workers , however , with the exception of a few , realized that they were never going to get laid after this . this systemic culture of virgin men continued throughout the ages . newline newline the issue of repopulating was resolved by a cloning device that seemed based off of vault 8 and 108 s design . twohundred years passed as the virgins became older , stronger , and better . newline newline it s often said that if a person gets to the age of thirty without so much as getting their hymen torn or balls emptied , they d become a wizard . newline newline this little cultural bit of superfluous information led to the creation of a new gang when the vault finally opened themselves up to the new world ahead . newline newline that s right , a gang developed , known as the wizards . newline newline they eventually all died and got wiped out by radioactive ghouls and mutated welsh sheepbulldogs that wandered the land soon after . newline newline it was at that moment , that somewhere way out in the commonwealth , that a sole survivor by the name of nora , bitchsmacked a robotic detective for daring to ask if she d ever wondered what happened to britain when the bombs fell . newline newline fuck you nick . fuck you and your synthetic face that sets off mines whenever i m trying to play stealth . fuck you . fuck you way up your shiny metal ass . newlinebryn scanned the inscription etched into the ornate plate of xenathu s cuirass . newline newline plus five to charisma , eight to strength , twelve to insight , and the wearer passively collects souls , granting perpetual youth .  newline newline this was the most soughtafter piece on bryn s list . he had traveled around the globe twice looking for it . finally , under the forgotten sands in the middle of the saharan desert , he felt the metal plates strain his tendons as he lifted it from a chest . newline newline eons of myth and legend surrounded xenathu and his infamous armor . it allowed him to rule with brilliantly supple skin and painfree knee joints for ten thousand years . his empire spanned from the cradle of life to the horn of africa , and well into presentday rwanda . xenathu was a benevolent ruler known to have a certain ... flair . newline newline bryn heaved the cuirass onto a nearby rock shelf to get a better look at it . a few scintillating rays of sun peaked in through a hole in the ceiling , illuminating the piece . newline newline vascular phallic spires rose off its pauldrons , like palm trees swaying on a pinpoint island in the middle of the sea . the hefty breastplate sported two furry testicular mounds . pinkandgold chain mail was sewn to the inside of the steel plate . it spewed out of the bottom like the morning shit of a bridesmaid who drank too much goldschlger and ate too many penisshaped cookies . newline newline bryn stared incredulously at his mighty discovery . like many men , he had experimented with his sexuality in college , but he found only a quite inherent dislike for the human penis .   jesus christ ,   bryn muttered ,   i mean , it s fine to be gay , but fuck .  newline newline the grimy explorer pushed old nagging doubts about his sexuality to the back of his mind . giving it the old whythehellnot , bryn hoisted the cuirass over his head and gently lowered it onto his shoulders . he briskly walked to a nearby puddle to look at his reflection , trying to ignore the two giant , swaying dicks rising above his head from either shoulder . newline newline he knelt down close to the muddy puddle and absorbed the sight . bryn noticed that the few wrinkles he had formed in his thirty years had already started to fade . the purple scar under his right eye was folding in on itself and being replaced by new , peach colored skin .   damn girl , you look fabulous !   bryn said to himself . he wondered when the last time was that he used the fword . newline newline with one final glance at his beautiful new skin , bryn hopped up from his knees , vitality practically dripping from his face . he quickly spun around to head towards the door , and out to his jeep . newline newline bryn grabbed his sack and tapped through the arching doorway , and was immediately greeted by a familiar face  antony berkowitz . bryn and antony had attended the university of wisconsin together . they had not seen each other a decade . newline newline wideeyed , the two men gaped at each other . newline newline   oh , hey tony !   bryn squeaked , as if this conversation would be anywhere near normal . newline newline   heyyy you ...   antony squeaked back . newline newline antony tried very hard not to stare at bryn s interesting outfit , and even harder not to make eye contact . newline newline   so , what brings you here , to the underbelly of the sahara ?   bryn asked . newline newline   oh , you know , just thisandthat ,   antony replied . newline newline   cool , cool ,   bryn said ,   i m pretty much just doing the same , just on a search for some legendary armor and whatnot , you know ?   newline newline   yeah , for sure . looks like you ve , uh , got your hands full here ,   antony said wanly , motioning to the giant penii and testicles framing bryn s face . he began to try and shuffle past bryn , paying special attention to the proximity of his face to bryn s pauldrons . newline newline   hey , all right , i ll see you around sometime , tony !   bryn said , a little too loud for how close he was to his old friend . newline newline   i hope so !   antony said , fully aware of his lie . newline newline bryn turned away from antony , thinking that maybe he would see antony sometime . after all , he was starting to miss the old days a bit .i smiled at her and she smiled in return  it was as if hit by a bright sun , a joy unbridled and kept so long in some dark dungeon of her mind . whatever reason for her reluctance , i cherished the moment . newline newline  you re funny , david .  newline newline she said with a wink and looked away . it might ve been because she regretted admitting that as it might inflate my ego even further or just the embarrassment over her smile . such a wonderful smile . newline newline  i try to . mostly i fall flat but sometimes i find a great audience . too bad there were nt a hundred of you here in this room , i could ve made a living being a stand up comedian .  newline newline admittedly , not my best . not that it matter , it was nt rehearsed lines to provoke a laugh or much of an effort in it at all . in fact the effortlessness of it made it what it was : a natural conversation of smiles and laughs . of good times and great company . newline newline  oh i m not sure i d appreciate the competition then . i m more than exhausted by one of me .  newline newline she smiled again , even though the sentiment was nt exactly cheerful . newline newline  well i m happy enough with the fact that there s one of you . one of a kind , as they say .  i said and mustered a smirk . the environment was getting heavy , a nagging feeling lingered unto my chest . newline newline  oh boo . now you re dangerously close to cheesy territory , david .  newline newline  hey ! that s a part of my french heritage , kari ! do nt you dare discriminate against my frenchness !  newline newline she laughed , free of condescension or pity  genuine and true , a great sunbright smile followed and she shook her head a bit as if she could nt believe the nonsense i d say , but she could believe that she loved every word of it . newline newline  you re such a silly billy . but at least you re my sexy and ohso silly billy .  newline newline  i ve never been accused of being a sexy goat before . my , is nt this day turning out exciting !  newline newline another laugh , this time a bit too much of the good as she descended into a coughing fit  a few at first and then a frenzy . i instinctively held her hand as the coughing slowly subsided . i reached out for the glass of water and handed it over to her . gratefully she accepted and took a mouthful before i sat it next to the counter where she was laying . newline newline  it seems laughter might not be the best medicine after all .  i replied , trying to ignore the coughing entirely and crack another joke . newline newline there was a halfsmile in return , an attached worry and sadness that d come up that i felt it pierce my own heart . i felt an idiot for trying to wave it off , i felt like a scumbag for not saying anything else  something even a propos . as my mind beat itself for all sorts of reasons the silence started to become uncomfortable . kari must have noticed that and she broke it with still that feeble smile on her . newline newline  i know , david .  newline newline my mind stopped , as if crashed into a wall . i could nt even reply , but managed just about to look into her beautiful eyes . newline newline  the doctor told me all , david . i know .  newline newline i wanted to yell , to cry out and shake her as she lied there on the hospital bed with that silly little smile on her as if trying to convince me that everything was perfectly alright . but i could nt . i could only sob out a weak question that d been burning on my mind since i came visiting . newline newline  why ... why did you do it ?  newline newline her smile turned a different hue , a shade more of sadness and a new twist to it ... almost pity , almost regret . she broke her gaze to look at her own motionless body below . newline newline  i was nt happy .  newline newline  that is not an explanation , i refuse to believe that was why . we always laughed and had fun , did nt we ? i can remember at least on ten occasions where you d laugh at some of my lameass jokes or gags the day before you ... before you came here .  newline newline the smile was gone entirely now . the same blank gaze on her when i entered this depressinglooking room . her eyes were transfixed on something not important and she took her time finding an answer to my somewhat impassioned retort . newline newline  you ... you make me laugh . you make me happy . yes . and i love you for it , i do  you have to realize that i do . but i ... i could nt just be better with a few laughs . whenever i was at work , at home , before sleeping , before waking up , whenever you were nt there to make some little joke to turn it away ... i was nt happy .  newline newline i did nt know what to say , as for the first time i realized i could nt know how she felt . tears ran down her cheeks as they d already begun running down mine and i wanted to desperately hug her but my mind was so confused that i could nt do more than shake my head as i sat next to her . newline newline  you could have told me .  i replied , slowly , and almost immediately for some reason regretting it . newline newline she nodded and for the first time in what seemed like a hell of a longer time than a few minutes she looked back into my eyes and nodded , stifling a sob . newline newline  i should have . but i felt ashamed ... i do nt know ... i felt like if i told you , you d ... look at me differently .  newline newline i paused , blinking my tears away and fixed my gaze on her . newline newline  what ... that i d suddenly think you were a lizard person for having sad feelings ?  newline newline the laughter was spontaneous , it was wonderful , a blessed reprise and i did nt even have the time to reflect on how badly timed and godawful the remark was . newline newline  no .  kari said and attempted a smile , it became slightly more than a quarter of it .  just ... i wish i could show you everything that was going on in my brain . every neuron or pulse , thought or memory , emotion and ... well , everything . just to explain to you how i felt , how i feel . how i am .  newline newline she went through another coughing fit , another sip of water offered then she added .  and what you are to me .  newline newline i nodded a bit and smiled . i was so tired though and mixed with guilt for feeling tired . here i was sitting and mostly just listening to her and for some reason that made me exhausted . another uncomfortable silence grew around us and then i stood up . newline newline  i m sorry , i ... i just need to go to the bathroom .  i excused myself . newline newline  no , that s ok. go , you ll stay for a bit more wont you ?  she asked back and our eyes briefly looked back at each other . newline newline  yeah , of course ! i ll probably stay a 30 minutes or so before heading back to work . if that s okay ?  newline newline  no that s fine . thank you .  newline newline there was a strange feeling of heading outside her room , the busy crowd of doctors , nurses and others walking through the corridors . i felt like it d be a perfect time to find some succinct or poignant pearl of wisdom to reflect on but both my mind and body was too tired to really care . i just wanted the short break and then head back , and if possible make her laugh . it was odd , despite what she d just said or maybe then because of it  i wanted her to laugh . i wanted her to be happy , not just a fleeting moment but see the joys that i could see , feel what i could . to be happy . so i decided to really bring my alevel jokes to the table . newline newline i went out of the bathroom and headed through the same probablypoignant corridor when i saw a crowd of nurses and a doctor rushing into the room where kari was . there seemed to be some alarm in their faces and my first instinct was to run over and demand to know what was going on . newline newline instead i sat down on the bench closest to me and tried to remember her laugh . newline newline her laughter made me happy .alright everyone , thank you for coming . newline newline before we begin , i must just say how proud i am of all of you for your contributions . i can tell we are going to have a great time working through all these suggestions on our way to the new sin , and i look forward to this being a great and inclusive learning experience . special thanks to halphas for the muffins . newline newline ooookay , moving on . i understand we re all here after hours , and even though we are nt being paid , i can assure you that your enthusiasm is being noted here and it really shows your commitment to hellcorp . newline newline legion , please bring me the suggestion box . newline newline no not you , other legion . newline newline ... nevermind , i ll get it myself . newline newline ok. let s look at the first suggestion . feels like a good one ! haha . here we go . newline newline  laziness  newline newline alrighty everyone , i think now would be a good time to review the intent of the feedback program and explain some of the rules so that we can further improve on sin detection as we move into the next quarter . newline newline so the idea behind this program was to decide upon an 8th deadly sin  . a totally new one . you all know the 7 , it was part of your induction . if anyone missed out on the 7 deadly sins part of your induction please report to layer 4 on tuesday with your training folder and a note from your manager . newline newline now ,  laziness  is already a sin . out of the 7 deadly sins , it would be covered by  sloth  . yeah , sloth is nt just an animal . it also means slow or idle and that s apparently bad so it s a sin . newline newline hmm ? no tim , sloth animals do not come to hell . yes , it would be pretty cool , but no . only humans can come to hell , i m afraid . newline newline movi ... yes , i m aware sloths are a similar shape to humans . two arms , two legs . no , i do nt think i ve seen one walking upright , perhaps you are thinking of an ape and those do nt come to hell either . newline newline humans only . clear ? newline newline no , james . you could nt possibly have seen an ape in hell last week , and this is nt the first time i ve been concerned about your racism . you will report to hr before friday , do you understand ? newline newline good . newline newline now , moving on . come on , focus people . i know we re tired . we can do this . alright , next suggestion , aaaaand ... newline newline  violence  newline newline alright , alright ! pipe down . come on everyone . there are no bad suggestions . just suggestions we can learn from as we move forward , ok ? ok. newline newline  war  newline newline obviously war is just very widespread , organised violence , and this is all covered by wrath as janice so helpfully pointed out a moment ago . so we ll just go to the next one . newline newline  i  oh dear  i love you satan  newline newline hoho , ok , ok , pipedown everyone . obviously not a serious suggestion , haha . someone gunning for that promotion , perhaps . are you winking at me mammon ? it s ok if you are , but if you were nt i understand . no ? ok. alright . i ll just put that in the joke pil ... i mean , i ll put that in my drawer here . no point hurting anyone s feelings accidentally now , is there ? moving on . newline newline  laziness  again . newline newline so i think i m just gon na skip any that repeat from now on ok ? ooohkay . newline newline  rape  newline newline great suggestion , everyone . really great work here . it s just a little tricky because rape would already be covered by wrath and ... yes bob , lust . wrath and lust are already plenty deadly enough , we do nt want to create a redundancy here , so rape is almost there but just missed out i m afraid . newline newline hmm ? for getting raped ? well ... is this your suggestion ? are you sure ? well , no , getting raped is nt the same as raping someone else , which we ve already discussed ... how could it be lust ? newline newline  if they liked it  ? ? ? look i feel like we re heading off on a tangent here , people . and no ...  sloth  ? how could getting raped be sloth ? newline newline  just laying there  ? ? ? jesus christ , martin . you can visit hr with james this week , and i expect both of you to have passed sensitivity training before the end of financial year . newline newline some of you need to be very ashamed of yourselves . newline newline ... or very proud of yourselves . newline newline check the company intranet for your job description to check which you should be . newline newline i m going to have to speed this up , everyone . dinner s in the oven . alright . newline newline  stealing  newline newline look , i think we ll have to conduct a companywide audit of sin awareness and come back to this program . stealing would be covered by greed , which is one of the preexisting sins . it really looks like some of you failed to properly prepare for this , and it s a fairly significant part of the  helcome !  induction you all did when you started , so i m not sure anyone should have an excuse . newline newline look , let s try one more suggestion , and see if we ca nt get something positive out of this meeting . newline newline  blasphemy  newline newline now we re talking ! i do nt think that s already covered by one of the 7 deadly sins . bit of a leap to wrath , i agree , denise , it s different to any old swear word . definitely a special case . newline newline looks good so far , people . swot analysis ? let s list them . newline newline ok what are it s strengths ? it s common  , yes , good . easily judged  definitely , good work eduardo . oh dangit , does anyone have a fresh whiteboard marker ? thanks . alright keep going . sounds sinny  err yes ok. newline newline now : weaknesses . just swearing  . gives unnecessary respect to the creator  . yep . good . newline newline opportunities ? instant results  ... well what do you mean by that ? newline newline just now ? newline newline oh come on . that was in this meeting . it does nt count . newline newline i m sure martin will forgive me . huh ? no the handbook just says we do nt normally do any forgiving down here . i m sure it s fine . newline newline i m already here for a long time . i do nt see what ... i think you re being unreasonable about this . newline newline ugh , okay okay okay , fine . looks like we have the new sin picked out everyone . james ? martin ? i ll see you two at hr tomorrow as all three of us add sensitivity training to our performance improvement plans . newline newline goodnight everyone . we ll see you bright and early at the coffee machine . haha . newline newline what a goddam circus ... yeah yeah , i know , sorry , i forgot !on february 20th , 2013 at 4:17 in the afternoon , megan ferris got a phone call that she later described as  weird .  it was a wrong number . the voice on the other end of the line was nearly drowned out by a cacophony of shouting and arguing in the background . she told the caller that it was a wrong number and put the phone back into her pocket . newline newline exactly three hours and twelve minutes later , she saw a news report on tv about a plane that had crashed in a corn field near middlefield , ohio . she later described the event as  super sad .  newline newline the next day at 3:20 , there was a breaking news report about the plane crash . megan would later describe it as  total bizarro land .  the newscaster reported that the wreckage had turned up a shocking number  exactly thirtyseven so far  of weapons that had been either improvised or smuggled onto the plane . newline newline three weeks later , on march 12 , 2013 , the recording from the black box on the plane was leaked into the online media , and after pushing a play button at 6:58 p.m. , megan ferris heard what she would later describe as the stupidest recording that she had ever heard in her life . newlinei walked the sands for a week , newline newline and found absolutely naught  newline newline a door was what i really seeked , newline newline yet i never found what i sought . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline my team and i we finely found , newline newline a sight that d truly gleam  newline newline we dug and dug and dug the ground , newline newline and looked upon a city , it would seem . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline once upon a time , in an era far behind , newline newline there was a brilliant man  newline newline his nimble hands led mankind , newline newline and after him all the people ran . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline the builder he was called by they , newline newline and he had built this ancient city  newline newline yet naught of it saw a sun s ray , newline newline which truly was quite the pity . newline newline  nbsp  newline newline when i took foot on its soil , newline newline its statues turned to me  newline newline their words had my fear uncoil , newline newline with  welcome , brother of we . the arrow hits the target . a perfect ten . newline newline i miss the sound the arrows make most of all . it  s an amazing sound . newline newline but well , in order to get into the olympics , you got to make some sacrifices . and i can still hear the others shoot . newline newline as i lower the bow , i quickly activate hearing again . newline newline my opponent raises his bow and takes the shot . newline newline nine . newline newline not bad . newline newline now it  s my turn . newline newline as i shoulder the bow , i deactivate my hearing . with smell , taste and pain already disabled , my vision and touch are nearly doubled . i can feel every crack in the compound bow . i can feel the wind perfectly . newline newline the target looks a lot larger than it actually is . newline newline breathing in deeply , i fire . newline newline another perfect ten . newline newline however , this time , my opponent also scores a ten . newline newline damn . newline newline i need to score another perfect ten to ensure victory . newline newline what else do i have ? newline newline i already disabled smell , taste , pain and hearing . as i concentrate , more senses appear . temperature ? don  t need that one either . and what  s this one ? newline newline i shrug , probably not important . you only need sight and touch to shoot after all . newline newline i disable it and take aim . newline newline this shot has to be perfect . newline newline relax . breath in and newline newline my arm jerks upward and the arrow shoots away . newline newline it doesn  t even go in the right direction . newline newline i look beside me . newline newline my opponent tapped me on the shoulder and the heightened sense of touch almost gave me a heart attack . newline newline he  s saying something , but i can  t hear him . newline newline i quickly enable everything once again . newline newline  i  m sorry , what did you say ?  newline newline  the game is over.  newline newline  how do you mean the game is over ?  what the hell ?  i still have to take my third shot.  newline newline  you  re disqualified.  newline newline  why ?  newline newline  you went over the time limit . you do realize you  ve been standing here for half an hour , right ?  newline newline  oh.  newline newline  something must be wrong with your  newline newline  sense of time . yes , thank you . i woke up and rubbed the sleep out of my eyes . my alarm sounded its shrill cry again . i pulled it to my side , and peered at it out of halfclosed eyelids . september 4 . wait , september 4 ! that meant it was meatday , the best day of the year ! newline newline i ripped off the covers , flung them hard across the room . leaping out of bed , i dressed in a hurry . sleeveless white under armour paired with black basketball shorts , with deep pockets extending nearly their entire length . under armour golf socks barely reached my ankles , but fit nicely into a pair of white asics running shoes overlaid with stripes of red mixed with worn white shoelaces frayed on one side . i doublechecked that the shoes fit well , retying the shoelaces multiple times . finally , i pinned my event day number , 733351 , to the front of my shirt . newline newline and then i sprinted . muscles strained , pushing for speed with every ounce of strength . as i neared the city center , wind rushed past my face , carrying enticing smells . when i finally reached the traditional meatday festival , that temple of the hallowed global tradition , my nostrils took over . they heaved up , grasping for as much as they could take . and my eyes saw why . there were stands and tents , far as the eye could see , in all manner of colors and shapes . everywhere were people sprinting between them in workout gear , shoving meat into their pockets so they could eat on the run . there was spiced lamb in honey glaze , thick sausages filled with jalapenos sizzling on openair grills , racks of chicken , beef , and pork resting upon massive fire pits the size of olympic swimming pools . strewn about the chaos was an endless array of gym equipment . bench presses and free weights , medicine balls and yoga mats . people sweated upon them , but paid little heed to their own struggles . they were there for one purpose , and one purpose alone . to allow the festival goers to intake more food . newline newline i began my run through the five square miles of meat mandated by the united nations , making up for lost time . i ran and i ate , i ate and i ate , i lifted , i ate , and i did it all over again and again . every morsel was succulent , every bite dripping with flavorful juices . i could not stop , so i indulged . newline newline occasionally , the performance acts appeared at the edges of my vision . fully symphony orchestras , playing grand movements written by wagner , beethoven , tchaikovsky . they befit the occasion , though like many others , i paid them little heed . newline newline on lap 7 i realized i was having an exceptionally good performance this year . others took notice . a woman punched me in the stomach without any warning as we passed each other at full throttle , causing me to throw up a little . a bulky russian lifted me up , and thrust me down upon his knee abdomen first . attacks on any other day , but friendly gestures on this . newline newline the cannons fired their salvo at midnight , as they always did . fireworks exploded in the sky , followed in by military aircraft dropping off entire armies via parachute . they came by the thousand , paintball guns blazing . for two hours , the festival grounds got turned into a battle ground . newline newline the stands were overturned and used as cover . yoga mats were used as romanesque shields . festival goers against the full might of the military . numbers against training . we ran at them , and they repelled us . twice . thrice . it went on beyond count . my light clothing offered little protection against a never ending hailstorm of paintballs . they buried into my skin , leaving welts of yellow and red and blue . newline newline finally , when the mayor adjudged the grounds to be good and destroyed , and the city center looked like it had just been firebombed , the cannons fired again . the running tallies kept by electronic scoresheets linked to the eventday numbers recorded me as the winner . not just of my city s festival , but of the global festival ! newline newline i was brought to the tallest building in the city , and handed a microphone connected to loudspeakers around the world . i spoke , and my voice reverberated through all of creation . newline newline i am the emperor for this coming year ! as is my right , i am allowed three meatrelated decrees . my first is thus . beginning on the next january 1 , and lasting exactly one year , there shall be free bacon on every street corner ! my second decree is that sausages of average quality shall be provided to all who are starving ! my final decree is that a team of chefs of outstanding ability shall be assembled and tasked with experimenting with maple glazes upon all manners of meats ! your emperor has spoken !  newline newline the cheer was deafening . newline newlinethe command team popped champagne as soon as the satellite started broadcasting the  all clear  signal . it had taken an entire century to diagnose the problem with b78 , fix it , and then position the new beacon just outside the oort cloud . almost a century of work , but communication could finally be reestablished with the colony . they d had the food and the equipment to survive out there and the planet should be terraformed now , so we d hoped that they were all thriving . newline newline with my superiors watching my shoulders , i typed in the first message . only a small amount of information could be transferred at a time newline newline message send : newline newline proxima centauri colony , please report on status . newline communications relay b78 had to be replaced . newline your messages have not been received for 98 years . newline please update on terraforming progrss and health of colony newline newline message end newline newline i clicked send , and the blue  outgoing  light flashed . newline newline  how long will it take ?  the defense secretary asked . newline newline  should nt be too long ,  i replied .  it works with quantum entanglement , allowing us to use chains of connected atomic components to communicate almost simultaneously . in principle , it is a lot like a telegraph . newline newline as if on cue , the green  receiving  light began to flash . newline newline we were concerned to never hear from our home planet newline thank you for informing us of the error newline the colony is strong and healthy  there are many new childs newline more colonists should be sent to populate the planet . newline newline the generals breathed a sigh of relief .  thank god ,  one said . the absolute worse case scenario was that nobody would answer . at least we knew they were alive , and it sounded like everyone was healthy . newline newline  childs ?  asked the defense secretary . newline newline i shrugged .  language changes , sir . it s been a hundred years since they ve had any contact , and isolation can cause things to change rapidly . maybe childs  is just a part of their dialect now .  newline newline  ask if there were any unknown issues with the planet , and ask about the status of the atmospheric production factories .  newline newline message send : newline newline proxima colony , any issues with g2578 planet ? newline how are the atmosphereic production factories holding up ? newline have there been any severe equipment malfunctions ? newline newline message end newline newline the blue light flashed briefly , and we waited silently for the green light to come on . the reply was swift . newline newline all equipment normal  planet reform is almost complete . newline no serious malfunctions or errors . newline the colony only needs more citizens  we do not have enough workers . newline newline the generals were overjoyed  this was better than anticipated . the defense minister , however , was nt so sure . he bit his lip as he read the message again .  why are nt they using the normal call signs ?  newline newline i shrugged .  a hundred years of silence ? that s two or three generations . they ve just forgotten protocol now .  newline newline the secretary was nt convinced .  ask them how the tiger herds are managing and whether they have had enough water for irrigation .  newline newline  tigers , sir ?  they had been extinct for at least a century , and the colonists certainly did nt bring any . newline newline  just write it ,  he said tersely . newline newline i typed out the message as requested . newline newline message send : newline newline please report on status of tiger herds . newline has the colony had sufficient water for irrigation ? newline newline message end newline newline the generals looked confused , but the defense secretary did nt explain . newline newline the green light flashed . newline newline tigers are healthy and numerous . newline water is plentiful newline planet can support large population . newline newline there was a hushed silence in the room as everyone realized what was happening . the defense secretary nodded and picked up his phone . newline newline  mr . president ?  he said . everyone else in the room caught their breath , as if afraid to be heard in the background . newline newline  it s me ,  he continued .  colony lost . code red . he thought he could never do it . newline newline joker just wanted to play he always said . but no , not this time . much has changed since the night one year ago where i watched bruce die in my very arms . crime has become the city now . grasping it in it s unforgiving hand . the city is not what it used to be . joker has depressingly taken upon the role as mayor of gotham . this was actually a small sign of hope for gotham surprisingly . newline newline you see . joker was just as much plagued over the death as i was . it just did nt make sense for him to kill old bats . they ve been at it for years these games they played . joker grieved for months and months . but when he took over as mayor , things changed a little . he abandoned the clown outfit and donned a blackish purple suit of a more eerie feel . he never told a joke from that day . he never knew what to do from that day . he was changed from then on , becoming more of a brutal vigilante than batman ever was , being just as cruel to his victims as before . newline newline i even fought alongside of him once or twice , and it took me a while to accept things have changed now that batman was gone . the power vacuum must be filled by someone , but the same could be said for jokers old position . that person happened to be alfred of all people . newline newline over the years alfred was a father to bruce , and despite his timid warnings and tender caring , bruce just went and kept getting hurt . putting more and more stress on alfred . his fondness of the boys innocence slowly shriveled away as bruce became more and more of what he never wanted to become . this slowly chipped away at alfred s sanity . slowly wanting to avenge the accidental murder of his young bruce , alfred took upon the role of villain in gotham after his death , trying to show the joker the same fate as batman . newline newline shortly after bruce s death alfred inherited the mansion , into which he went into seclusion for months . when he emerged , he was not the same man . he was no longer even man . he infused himself with the various batman suits and other tech grafted to his own skin with precision . working for years helping bruce helped alfred complete these nearly impossible tasks . newline newline i , tim drake , have watched the spiral downwards of all these people all over one man , a mere mortal , the same very man who fended off super heroes and was even the leader of these people ! die to one simple trip , when the joker caught him off guard . in all these years batman hardly made any mistakes . but this one mistake , ended up breaking his neck . and the world cried . newline newline joker laughed no more newline newline so yeah i m bad at writing , i just wanted to see how i could do this :  feed back is appreciated . also can someone draw evil alfred ? it s aspergers , it s autism . maybe she s schizophrenic ...  newline newline newline it was all the same until i got old enough to hide it . frick , it was destroying my life ! my older sister said things were never the same after that night at dinner when i kept saying ,  daddy ! why are you saying that ? why is your face like that ?  . mom probably knew at that point , but threeyearolds should nt . never ... never really met him . not sure how i feel about that . newline newline newline grade school and middle school , hated it . wanted to be alone . people talking just reminded me of dogs barking and cats hissing . very little content , see right through it . newline newline newline .. until high school . guess my teenage fluids started going off . fall in love with some beautiful boy until he opened his mouth . eyes flicker , gaze wander s , posture changes . frickin lyin  again . what a shocker , right ? never had it in me , felt like i could nt be the only one , horrifying to be called out . never had the guts to say anything to anyone , but they knew . they saw it in my eyes . i did nt have many friends . newline newline newline until dorum , that is . what a stupid name ! was nt that great , never paid attention , always drawing and writing . never talking , never lying . he was nt really that cute , either . newline newline newline he came to me at lunch . sat down and stared into my eyes . for the first time i felt what it was like to see into mine . so intense . so beautiful . newline newline newline  do you ever get tired of all of this ... . them ?  newline newline newline knot in my throat , could nt speak , nod , you have my everything newline newline newline newline  come on , i want to show you something  newline newline newline please , please do . newline newline newline newline i mean , he is actually pretty cute . i guess you would have to see it for yourself . newline newline newline hey cody , ya think earth would be like what the image logs read from the elder ones ?  newline newline  i highly doubt it , 500 years changes a lot in retrospect . most of the things left behind have either completely decay and destroyed , or has been covered with overgrowth from whatever took over after we left .  newline newline i was reading the weekly blog , thedailysilhouettes , on the holographic stand , when lewis , my friend and researcher , popped by into my sleeping chamber , unannounced . the screens were loaded with articles and posters about  the return  . saying how this we are finally going to return after half a millennium , with the rich and the gifted saying they have longed for this return . newline newline bullshit i thought . returning is a mistake , with the amount of physical and economic damage our ancestors have created to this planet , it was before thought to have been impossible to be inhabitable again . you know , because of all the nuclear wars , and stuff . newline newline but of course , for the past 6 month the probes being sent to the planet are finally showing a positive reading . radiation and pollution are in the safe range , and the atmosphere seems to be still barely breathable again . so the galactic government set out a research team as well as a few hundred willing civilians , mostly the powerful people of the new world , to go revisit the planet again . newline newline and so , me being one of the leading engineers and developer for the government , whom also helped to invent the warp gate for the stargazerz03 space station , allowing us the chance to travel through wormholes and jump galaxys . so of course , i was intrusted with the job of leading a team and maintain the ship that is traveling through a wormhole to reach our solar system in the milky way . yeah , kinda backfired there . newline newline  aww come on , do nt be like that . its finally here , returning to the planet that we first became a species ! are nt you even a little bit excited ?  newline newline  nope , i would have much rather like staying back on kepler 62 then coming back here , this place is just barely habitable , i would nt be surprised if the readings were wrong and that the whole planet is still a brown merky mess .  newline newline  i know that kepler 62 is like earth , but no other planet is like our old one . i heard from the logs that the place use to have green trees and forest everywhere , the place was amazing i tell ya .  newline newline  we have perfectly normal trees back on our home planet . yes , although due to the light fraction between the distant sun there , the leaves all look a blueish grey colour . but their still the same kinda pla  newline newline  calling cody browns , calling cody browns . please report to the bridge , the captain wishes to speak to you .  the robotic voiced lady on the intercom sounded . newline newline  damm it , i ll talk to you later lewis . i got ta go fix something now probably .  newline newline as i left the room and shutting the sliding door behind me , i walked down the corridor of rooms and went into the elevator . along with a young women , in her 20s , wearing a standard civilian suit , who was already waiting for the lift . newline newline  you excited ?  she suddenly said as the lift started to ascend . newline newline  nah , not really , i was forced into this mission . would have much rather still be working on the sz3 s station warp gate then this .  newline newline  oh . well , i m excited for it . my greatgrandmother told me about how her grandmother was a little girl when they left earth , they said that there was still trees there , but almost everthing was in chaos , they were evacuated onto ships and was leaving the atmosphere . but she said she saw the most beautiful thing that day , the earth was in view as they left the planet , it was just the single most breathtaking moment she said she saw in her life , and so she took a picture of it , and i have it with me now .  newline newline so she pulled out a small sealed bag , and inside was an actual picture , of the earth . and although i ve seen in holograms all the time , i never saw it in a full coloured picture.the blue sea , and the white wispy clouds . it was actually really astonishing . newline newline  i just hope its still the same as we left it , i know how they say it is in a completely destroyed state , but the readings all say it s fine , and its always been my dream to see the bright blue colour of the sea , the smell of natural open fresh air , and the feeling of dirt on the ground ...  she said as she looked longingly at the photo , the reflection of it shown in her eyes . newline newline  anyway ,  as she put away the photo ,  what do you think will happen when we reach there ?  newline newline i just kinda was speechless for a moment , i kinda looked at my feet and sighed . newline newline  i hope that the plants there are green at least .  newline newline she smiled at me as we reached my floor , i walked out the lift and made my way to the bridge .this one the squel continue my last story , the one dont make any sense .you got ta read the dont make sense story ... or this story also dont make sense : newline newline shinzo abe have some big red scar on arm .maybe before 70 year japenese people have good suicide abilitys , but today not even this .usuarlly modern japenese need subway for kill own self , and shinzo abe think he too important go die in subway tunnel , so he try cut blood vessel in own arm . newline newline abe wife say he ,   why you do such thing ? is because i can not have kid ? because i similar other japenese wooman can not have the child ? if you want some good child , maybe you should marry the chinese wooman ! ! !   newline newline abe look away her .although he almost kill self , but he dont feel no sadness .is because he make big apology give china .because china s diaoyu island now definitely belong china , and because no japenese boat driving around in south china sea .ghost from shrine say they evil .abe dig up they bodies , throw to forest .maybe some animal eat them ? is bad luck , bad for spirit , but it what the raper of nanjing have deserve . newline newline   why ? ?  he wife cry out , so loud , fill hospurtal room . newline newline   no why   say abe . newline newline yeah , it wers the coward act .abe just big coward , he know it .if he honor were like the money , then maybe before big apology he owe china 60 ,000 ,000,000,000 yuan , after apology , now he have 0 yuan in own name .no honors . newline newline then phone ring , it li keqiang ! newline newline   abe ?   say li keqiang . newline newline   hello , respect premiere , sorry i do some suciide.   newline newline   ah ,   li keqiang say ,   is nothing , little abe , just glad you okay.   newline newline   you glad ? but i be such the bad guy these days .   newline newline   well ,   keqiang answer he ,   although you lose some face , but now you got nothing can feel bad about .you like empty egg shell instead of man , but now you can live some happiness life together with barren wife .dont got ta worry we gon na bomb you .   newline newline   hm ,   say abe ,   wife actually have the deadly aids virus , so although she barren , but still i got ta use the condom .my penis so small , condom dont fit well , is difficult .   newline newline   what a pity ,   keqiang say ,   i wan na try help you , but china dont need such the small condom , maybe i call india , ask they ex port you some the very smaller condom ?   newline newline   thank u ,   abe say , look forward 10 ,20 second the sex with barren wife . i will take no part in such insubordination !  yelled china .  we are going to do this correctly !  newline newline  i can  t see how we  ll ever figure anything out !  added nigeria . newline newline  this is hopeless ,  bemoaned lithuanian . newline newline  everyone shut up !  demanded the united states .  can we all just agree on pepperoni . it  s the cheapest thing on the menu , and it really isn  t that bad.  newline newline russia stood up in protest .  i will have no part in this pepperoni fiasco ! i move that we return to the earlier decision of canadian bacon.  newline newline  guys ! there is an easy way to settle all of this . why don  t we get half pepperoni , and half canadian bacon . it  s only going to cost us like an extra buck ,  reasoned new zealand . newline newline  i wanted a cheese pizza , though ,  whined chad . newline newline  you can just pick off the toppings . it  s the same thing ,  reasoned new zealand . newline newline  fine ,  sulked chad . newline newline  that works . all in favor ?  asked the u.s. with a fire in her eyes that dared anyone to oppose her . newline newline everybody  s hands flew up in favor . newline newline  that  s settled then . angola , go make the phone call ,  demanded the u.s. resolutely . newline newline  why do i have to do it ? i  m a part of this security council too ,  complained angola .  i don  t want to miss any of the meeting.  newline newline everybody laughed . angola blushed and silently pushed his chair back . he left the room to make the call . newline newline  now , why did they call this emergency meeting again ?  asked a bored france . newline newline  someone used their nukes in the middle east or something ,  said the u.k. matteroffactly .  they destroyed a few cities.  newline newline the united states stood up with a fright . newline newline  is the oil okay ?  she asked nervously . newline newline  the oil fields are all fine . your oil will still be delivered like normal.  answered china . newline newline the u.s. slumped back into her chair and gave a sigh of relief .  you really had me going there for a moment.  newline newline  so what does everybody want us to do ?  asked malaysia . newline newline  i guess everybody want us to figure out who launched them ,  replied the u.k. newline newline  that could take months !  complained china .  i  ve got a hair appointment at 4:00.  newline newline  does anyone else have anything going tonight ?  asked the u.s. newline newline  the misses and i were going to go and see that new matt damon movie.  answered russia . newline newline  i went to that one the other day ,  added france .  i thought it was pretty good.  newline newline everyone started talking about it and the room quickly fell off topic . the u.s brought the room back to order . newline newline  so we can all agree that we want to be out of here by 3:00 , right ?  asked the u.s. newline newline everyone in the room nodded their heads in agreement . newline newline  so that gives us about ten minutes , not counting time to eat the pizza.  confirmed the u.s.  does anyone have any ideas at all who did this ?  newline newline the room went silent as everyone racked their brains . they sat in silence until everyone started to get fidgety . russia started straightening the papers in front of him , while nigeria chewed on the end of a pen . finally , spain perked up as an idea came into his head . newline newline  why don  t we just blame someone ,  he asked . newline newline the room all nodded in agreement . newline newline  we could blame isil ?  proposed jordan.  newline newline  that  s too obvious ,  returned the u.k. newline newline they all hummed and hawed as they thought of possible solutions . newline newline  why don  t we just blame it on palestine ?  asked jordan .  it  s not like they can oppose it when we bring this to the whole delegation.  newline newline slowly they all agreed that palestine would be the best scapegoat . newline newline  all in favor of throwing palestine under the bus ?  asked the u.s. newline newline everyone raised their hands in agreement . angola walked in at that moment with a box of pizza . newline newline  pizza  s here , everybody ,  he smiled . newline newline  where  s the drinks ?  asked lithuania . newline newline  you guys didn  t tell me to order any ,  frowned angola . newline newline  classic angola ,  complained china . newline newline  i can  t eat this without soda ,  complained the u.s.  go and get us some drinks.  newline newline  i brought the pizza , though ,  he retorted . newline newline everyone started to boo angola . newline newline  fine , i  ll go and get some drinks , but you better save me a slice.  newline newline the pizza was gone before angola had even shut the door .it begins raining outside .  newline newline i smiled to myself and took another sip of my coffee thinking to myself ,  heh ... inspiration .  quickly my smile faded , as i began to realize that it had just been a bright sunny day . the realization came from my sunglasses that were folded on the tiny round table . i placed my cup down on top of the lightly stained napkin and looked around the cafe . newline newline not a single reaction . everyone was going about their business . the old man nibbling at his piece of cake with a folded newspaper in his free hand , he mumbled to himself about the latest international news . a young mother on the phone , telling her husband to bring diapers and something about the nanny , while wiping what must ve been spit from her infant s mouth . i rubbed my eyes with one hand and looked to my left out the glass wall , not really sure what to expect . what i got was thunder with lighting off in the distance , what must ve been on the other side of the city . newline newline a sudden emptiness traced down my chest and i took another sip of coffee , looking at the back of the man s head .  do nt look ,  i tried convincing myself as i leaned my head to the left to peer over his shoulder once more . newline newline it begins raining outside . a storm brewed with lightning and thunder off in the distance newline newline i sit up , straightening my back . one hand on my leg and another wrapped around my coffee .  just typing the weather . inspiration  i believed , convincing myself the man was reacting to the weather outside . i leaned once more to satiate my curiosity . newline newline it raced and roared . chased through the lights . a glow flowing from the edges , like a ghost through the sleepy eyes of a child .  newline newline  curious ,  i thought , unsure of what it was and where it was going . a journal ? a story maybe ? simply thoughts . it s what i do in my free time and i could nt have been the only one . i took a deep breath and another sip of coffee , thinking to myself nothing could be more normal , but with the same empty feeling . i leaned to my right . newline newline oblivious and unaware , and simultaneously enveloped in curiosity . an emptiness that lead to his quick glances and peering eyes . he focused , listening in on the hollow requests of a young wife losing her love to another . to the racist murmurs of an old fashioned war hero .  newline newline disappointed , i thought  well that s not interesting , he s just observing..  newline newline but he could nt know , as his mind was truly elsewhere sneaking his eyes over the shoulder of the author typing at his table . crack !  newline newline startled i snapped my head to the left . lightning . i was distracted for a moment before it hit me .  before ... he wrote before it..  my heart began racing and my hands trembled and i slid my cup of coffee away . i swallowed and that emptiness grew . i felt weak , dizzy almost .  it s about him ... he s just like me , listening .  i lifted my head and leaned to the left . newline newline his soul drained through exhalation . terrified , but for all the wrong reasons . the author ahead twisted his neck slowly newline newline my face went blank , he was staring at me with these beaded eyes . my body burned as all my muscles tightened . he was still typing . newline newline with a crooked grin the author spoke ,  curious ?   newline newline i shook my head slightly , his words were muffled by the air of fear clogging my ears .  i m sorry , what ?  he typed . newline newline confused and befuddled . but he had no time to understand . as the car raced towards the small cafe , roaring through the sounds of horns from other vehicles . the driver jerked the wheel to turn the car but the slicked roads did him no favors .  newline newline i creeped my head towards the left , my eyes flashing from left to right as they strained to look in two directions . i heard it . louder and louder , the engine s roar was only subdued by the screech of its tires as it swung . newline newline pounding over the concrete . dragging into the small patch of mud and grass . the first crack tiny , and instantaneously the wall shattered . he had no time to think . he was lost . ignoring the world whilst observing it . but he would observe no more . his curiosity killed him , as the author typed his life away . pokemon were nt well studied beyond their growth patterns . sure we knew which moves they could make or learn , sometimes we could make them prettier with a few berries but rarely did we understand their behavior in the wild . most especially the common ones , it turns out they spend most of their activity time hidden . they defecated away from humans , ate away from humans , and mated away from humans . the only people that had seen pokemon mate were the strange daycare owners in various parts of the world , and they were nt talking about it . newline newline as much as we know about these beasts that rule both our economy and our way of life , how could we not understand the fundamentals of theirs ? so here i am , working under professor birch with two other interns . he s walking around with a hat to determine our selection of assignments one of us will study zubats and spend two weeks in the caves with them , another studies miltanks by living on a farm and sleeping outdoors with them , and the last one gets to ride professor birch s kids pokemon through various flights . with my luck i ll be sleeping under cow udders for two weeks . birch started the hat off with zach , the first intern who was far too pretty to be a researcher . his hand fondled the paper and he was trying to disguise a smirk by blushing  ah ... sorry rick , i know how you love to fly ...  zach showed off the paper , acting ashamed . birch moved to dawn the other researcher . she was already dissappointed before her hand left the hat , she had wanted to fly too . a miltank was on her cut of paper . newline newline  better than zubats at least . sorry rick enjoy the caves , it ll smell as dank as zach .  dawn giggled . newline newline  well you all have a great time on your projects . i ll see you in two weeks time , now i do nt expect any issues but if something comes up you can always reach me on the pokedex , or you can try and ride your bike while swimming and i ll come and tell you it is nt the time or place for that .  have a great trip and learn something !  with that , professor birch practically pushed us out the door . he handed dawn and i a map while zach strolled next door to meet with birch s kid , birch s wife had cooked him a warm tray of cookies , oatmeal raisin ones too , my favorite . newline newline the cave only took me two hours to get to but dawn was right , it stank . not just the regular stench of rocks and nature , it was something much worse . closer to the true smell of stunky . i could hear the little zubat bastards flapping and chirping around in the cave . it must have been tens of them , maybe even a full clan of one hundred . i pumped my notebook closer to my chest and put down my goggles , flicking on the lights on either side of them . i left the tent outside of the cave , there was nt anything in the world that would make me sleep with the zubat s , or in a cave that smelled so strongly . professor birch would never know anyway . newline newline the first night brought me nothing . the little blue rats flapped and screeched , and , as expected left the cave for the majority of the night . i had to swat a few away but for the most part they let me be since i had no pokemon out . i always carried my totodile but he hated dark caves and i could nt deal with his frightened state right now . as they flew out , i took to my tent , setting an alarm on the pokedex for just before sunrise . newline newline that was my first mistake . the alarm was a song by some pop band and the bats hated it . they had eaten my entire tent by the time i woke up . all i had was the sticks holding the frame together and the piece of cloth i was laying on . birch would be reimbursing me for that i suppose , i snapped a picture on the pokedex . the smell had just gotten worse too . it had to be coming from something the zubats were doing in the cave , i lit up my glasses and headed into the abyss . newline newline they had started to group more heavily towards the center of the cave , but as the grouping increased they seemed to be focused around a central point , even golbat s were more frequent here . i followed the clumping of population , there were so many more than i d originally guessed . even a few crobats were here . i took smaller steps , zubat s were everywhere . the trail was crunching beneath me but a little elevated rock was completely surrounded by golbats and crobats . they were flapping their wings in perfect harmony , it was rather beautiful , until i witnessed what they were flapping around . there was three zubats and one golbat eating a trainer , still living and breathing but he was laid out on the rock . their mouths were covered in the blood and a single note was being emitted by all the surrounding members of the family . as they each continued to devour the boy they began to glow a clear white they were evolving . i must have touched one of the wings of the surrounding ring of crobats and golbats , they all suddenly turned and the beady red eyes glared at me . they kept their wings high and other groups began to turn towards me as well . my head sank , you never look an angry pokemon in the eyes , and i started to back away . i realized what the crunching was , bones of trainers and other zubats that had been sacrificed . i sprinted , fuck my research . i stumbled a few times , but the sound of flapping wings behind me just sped me up . i got closer and closer to the cave entrance , to the remnants of my tent but the flapping just got more furious . newline newline there it was ! the entrance . i was nearly safe . a bite took me on the shoulder . then a few more on my legs and arms . they tore through my clothes . i saw the pokeball totodile was in ripped from my back pocket , one of the zubat s swooped down and grabbed it , flying far away . i started to feel the blood spouting out of my various limbs and the light from the cave entrance blotting out .the good : josh s internal conversations with his ai were the best thing about this story . yes , a sarcastic sidekick is nt exactly the most original thing in the world , but you did it very well . also , as ubasilgate said , the world was welldeveloped . newline newline the bad : word repetition , and overuse of adverbs . newline  the bar was dim , lit softly by the handful of faded bulbs hanging from the ceiling , and the glow of the dozen credit pads in front of the seats at the bar . newline newline i like the image it evokes , but you use  dim  ,  softly ,  and  faded  , all to get at the same point , and you frame the sentence with the word  bar  when you also used  bar  twice in a different sentence just before . i would suggest something more like : newline  each seat at the bar was lit by the faint glow of a credit pad , which did more to illuminate the patrons than did the dusty light bulbs overhead . newline newline i tried for the same physical imagery  the credit pads , bar , and light bulbs  but gave them distinct adjectives  faint  dusty  and paired a more passive verb structure  was lit  with a stronger one later  illuminate  . i admit  than did  is a little awkward , but hey , it s my first editorial pass . i did nt want it to sound like the pads lit the patrons better than they lit the light bulbs ... which leaving out  did  could imply . newline newline overall , it s a good story that s suffering a little from some weak writing , which is nothing a good editor and some practice at rewriting ca nt fix .charles thought back on his life as he laid in the hospital bed . he smiled at his wife of 63 years , remembering all the happy times they shared . he looked at his children , now with families of their own , and how they continued to bring joy and wellness to the world . finally , he thought about his contributions to civilization . he had been a structural engineer for most of his life , specializing in tunnels . it sounded mundane , but he had lead multiple projects for the government . he had carved passages through mountains and even got to work on some of the world s most famous subway systems . his name might fade , but his impact would last forever . newline newline his wife began to cry , prompting him to turn on his usual charm .  don  t be sad , louise . i had a good run  . she took his hand in hers and returned his smile .  thank you for being there with me . i couldn  t think of a better gal to spend my life with  . newline newline louise wiped her eyes and kissed charles on the forehead .  and i couldn  t think of a better man for me ,  she said .  i love you  . newline newline  i love you , too . i love all of you  . newline newline louise kissed her husband again , this time on the lips .  be sure to tell you brother i said hi  . newline newline charles simply chuckled and closed his eyes . there was a quiet beeping as the nurse was alerted to his death . newline newline   newline newline charles was surrounded in darkness , alone with his thoughts . all forms of sensation was lost . he doesn  t know how long it was like that , in a dreamlike suspension . however , charles didn  t have to wait long before he could feel his body again . first his arms and torso , followed by his legs . blink twice , just to make sure he still had a head . he was still unsure about his eyes without any light to detect . then , there was a sudden weight on his body as charles felt himself standing . this was different , however . he felt strong now , unlike the last ten years where he needed a cane just to walk to the toilet . newline newline  hello ? oh , good . i can still talk and hear ,  he said to no one in particular . there was an echo , so he spoke again .  hello !  charles recognized that sound . it was an indoor echo . the kind you would hear in an empty tunnel .  so if i really am dead , then where is ah ha !  charles exclaimed , having spotted a faint light .  that must be the end  . newline newline charles marched towards the light with vigor . so many questions ran through his head about how the afterlife worked . he was never one for religion or philosophy , but now that he was there , charles figured he would learn all there was to know . as he got close to the end , he was able to make out the details of the tunnel itself . and then , he started to slow down . newline newline charles stopped a mere 5 yards from the exit . he didn  t recognize the material , but it looked soft like clay . the bricks were irregular , like the rocks in a sidewalk . poking at the wall , he confirmed that it was indeed soft , having left a small indentation in one of the bricks . newline newline  no , no , no . this is all wrong !  charles shouted in anger .  whoever built this place was an imbecile . when i get in there  with that , he marched his way through the light with steam spewing out his ears . newline newline   newline newline charles covered his eyes as the light surrounded him . upon opening them , he saw a giant of a man towering over him . most would be enamored by the man  s gold robes , caramel skin , and silky white beard . charles , on the other hand , was too furious with the tunnel  s spotty craftsmanship to notice these details . newline newline  welcome to the eternal gardens ,  the god bellowed . his voice sounded like a choir of trumpets playing in perfect harmony , but charles didn  t notice . newline newline  who  s in charge here ?  he asked . newline newline  that would be me ,  said the god .  i am the creator of this world and yours . you may call me allon  . newline newline  did you create that tunnel as well ?  newline newline  yes , newcomer . i did  . newline newline  do you have any idea how horribly that tunnel is built ?  newline newline allon raised an eyebrow at this statement . he bent down as to better see the newcomer and spoke .  i am afraid i do not understand . explain  newline newline  your tunnel is potentially unstable ,  said charles.  what in god  s name did you build it with ?  newline newline allon  s expression went deadpan at this question . even with his omnipotence , he couldn  t believe what he was hearing .  sir , i can assure you the tunnel is safe . it isn  t even strictly real.  newline newline  not real !  charles shouted .  i just walked through it . i heard my footsteps . i felt the walls . and that s the problem . the walls are too soft to hold significant weight . they feel like fresh clay . i was able to leave an indentation with a single finger !  newline newline at this point , allon had stood back up and stopped listening to the human  s ranting . there were some strange people that came to the eternal gardens , but this was the first time anyone complained . and the human was complaining about the tunnel of all things . it was just a quick transport for fallen souls . he could have made it look like the intestines of a tyrannosaurus rex if he wanted . it wouldn  t have changed anything . newline newline  that  s enough , newcomer ,  said allon .  i will look into the tunnel issues as to make sure future newcomers are safe in their travels.  newline newline  good ,  said charles .  and while we  re on the subject , i would like to volunteer as the structural architect for the project  . newline newline  ... . i beg your pardon ?  newline newline  i am more than qualifies for the job  . this began a new explanation of all the projects charles had worked on during his time on earth . newline newline allon was agitated to say the least . he wanted to greet the humans that moved on from the first life . it was a good way to get them settled and get any awkward questions out of the way . for over 2000 years he had been doing this , and it always went well . until now . newline newline  i  m going to need some backup ,  allon mumbled to himself . newline newline  and furthermore  charles was still on his lengthy explanation about tunnels when someone next to him cleared their throat . newline newline  jesus charlie . i always knew you were a stickler for details , but i never thought you would actually piss off the creator of the universe  . newline newline  jonny ?  turning his head , charles was met by his closest family member who he had nt seen in over a decade . newline newline  how  s it shaking , little brother ?  jonny held his arms open , to which charlie threw himself into , giving his older brother a bear hug tight enough to kill a living man . the two instantly started talking like no time had passed between them , while allon quietly clapped his hands and disappeared to another part of the gardens . newlineof course it was a monday . it was 10:45 a.m. , so he had about ten minutes . an hour ago he was just off the surface of the moon , attempting to repel the fleet of spacecraft that were threatening earth . even if he took out a ship per minute , there was no way that he could dispose of all of the crafts prior to them reaching firing range . he accepted the fate of the world and went to be with those he loved . newline newline the cemetery was empty on the crisp monday morning . no one came on this , the last of days , to pay their final respects . it was just as well . he never got along with normal people much anyways . he sat on the bench between his wife and daughter s graves and reminisced . he actually welcomed the end . it had been three years since they had been taken from him , that fateful sunny day . it was nt like it was in the movies . in the movies bad things only happened when it was raining . there was no rain in july of 2011 , it was one of the driest summers that utah had ever seen . the scene of the accident was burned into his mind . their car around the tree . the other driver sitting on the hood of the police car . drunk driving , vehicular manslaughter , four years . four years ! he chuckled at the thought that four years would actually end up being life in prison . newline newline he looked at his watch . it was almost time , so he stood up and kissed each grave . the superhero laid on the ground between those he loved and accepted the end . i have it . the stock prices for next week ! i know exactly what to buy and sell ! i should do this for every week !  i say out loud to myself , marvelling at my amazing discovery . newline newline yesterday i accidentally discovered a website from the future that has a whole bunch of info i can use to skip time , energy and work to make money . today i have truly started using the future to my advantage . things are finally looking up for the young fucked over divorcee ! haha ! newline newline but wait ... what is this code on the bottom of each page i read ? it looks so foreign . closer to hieroglyphics than any other language i ve ever seen . newline newline i print out a few of the pages with different writing on them immediately . i have a friend who knows , like , thirty languages . maybe he can figure it out . hopefully he can do so without me having to tell him too much about my secret . newline newline i call him up and he agrees to come over . i cut off the stock info from the writing so he does nt get suspicious . newline newline my friend , joe , must have no life like me . no sooner than i m off the phone with him he s at my door . well , he does only live a few houses down . but still . newline newline  hey , joe !  i greet my friend after one knock . newline newline  heather ! so what do you want me to see ? i got excited by your description on the phone . lately i ve had kind of a thing for egypt .  he takes off his shoes and sits on my worn out purple sofa . newline newline i hand him the interesting scroll and he examines it very closely . newline newline after a few minutes he says  so where s the rest of it ?  newline newline  what do you mean ?  i ask , trying to sound as innocent as possible . newline newline  you know damn well what i mean .  newline newline  okay , okay ,  i relent . i tell him the origin of the writing and even show him the cut up pages . newline newline he is quiet throughout the whole thing and then , to my surprise , he laughs . newline newline  this says , and i m pretty sure , that you should use this information at your own risk .  joe chokes out in between laughter .  do you really believe this shit ? i mean , a website from the future ? cmon heather . i figured you smarter than that !  newline newline i m hurt . i thought if i could tell anyone it would be joe ... oh well . at least i do nt have to fight with him over stock numbers . newline newline  haha , no . i thought you might find it as amusing as i did . oh , and you forgot to decipher a page . it looks like it says something different .  i answer . newline newline  probably just a variation of ...  but then joe s smile fades .  this says you re dead , flower .  newline newline joe gets up from his chair . newline newline  what is it , joe ?  newline newline  it looks like your name . did you say you found this site accidentally ? are you sure this is a joke ? someone s fucking with you .  joe says quickly , sounding very paranoid now . newline newline i begin to feel paranoid , too , but i mean ... millions of dollars ! and maybe joe is pulling my leg . newline newline  joe , if this is a joke i  newline newline  i would never joke about death , heather . that s not how i roll . you know that .  joe answers , backing up towards the door . newline newline  are you leaving ?  i ask , confused . newline newline  i do nt want to be a part of this . i m sorry , heather .  joe leaves . i stand in shock for a moment and then i lock the door . newline newline i find joe s quick departure unsettling but i really neeed some money . i m three months behind on rent as it is . time to call my broker . newline newline i buy and sell based on next tuesday s numbers and get a lot of strange remarks from my broker . i guess he is nt used to someone telling him what to do so confidently . before i m off the phone , however , my printer starts going off . newline newline  i m sorry , john , i really have to go . thanks a lot .  i hang up and walk to my printer , newline newline more of the strange language . more use of the flower symbol . as i m trying to decipher the words , i touch the print . it seems to jump off the page . in full 3d style the letters are projected . and then they change to english . newline newline my jaw drops . the words say  you did not listen to us , heather . now the timeline of your universe is irreparably damaged . your stockbroker knows you have inside info . together you may have doomed your species , but most assuedly yourself . we re coming for you .  meow  newline newline  hey dewy  i say . newline newline dewy , my orange , brown , and white tabby , was curled up on my lap looking up at me with his beautiful green eyes . newline newline  i just do nt get it little buddy . first amber passes and then hannah leaves me . does god just hate me ?  newline newline he just continues to look up at me with this big green eyes . i can kind of see a little bit of amber s eyes in them . god damnit why did she have to die at twelve . she was too young , too fucking young . newline newline  nah that ca nt be it , god does nt hate , at least that s what they say .  newline newline  meow  newline newline i smile at his meow . he s always doing that , whenever i m feeling down he s there for me making me smile . sometimes he s more human to me than anybody else . heh , it s funny how someone who ca nt even talk back to you can be such a comfort . newline newline  yeah little buddy , it s just you and me now . i think we can make it through this life .  newline newline i m sorry ,  says the dalai lana ,  there s nothing more i can do .  newline newline i think i detect a note of smugness in his voice , but i m not sure . it s hard to tell over the phone . and will thinking i do make the situation worse ? could it get any worse ? yes . think of ants and dung beetles . newline newline i look out through my office windows over tiananmen square , see the people scurrying about like ants . what did they do in a previous life to end up like this ? something bad . they deserve my authority over them . newline newline i wave the piece of paper in the air , fanning myself like a court lady , thinking of the ancient traditions i ignored for too long . newline newline  its not so bad ,  the dalai lama continues .  it could ve been worse .  newline newline  i could have you locked up  i yell .  if you do nt change this i will have you tortured !  newline newline  i have already been locked up ,  he says calmly .  i can not change the buddha s will . i did as you requested and asked the buddha what you would be reincarnated as .  newline newline  you did nt even have the balls to tell me to my face . slipping it under the door on a note ! i am a senior communist party official ! i deserve better !  newline newline  you are correct . i knew you would be angry .  newline newline  ca nt you speak to the buddha ?  newline newline  i ca nt bribe a god , sir . and trying to might make things worse .  for a crazy moment i consider that this is part of some tibetan insurgency : turn all the chinese into farm animals when they die  orwell would think this wonderful punishment for marxists  then take back their land . but even if it is , there s nothing i can do about it without making my reincarnation form worse . any further sins and i ll go further down the hieracy . that s the problem with communism in modern china : we rose together but we will fall alone . newline newline i sigh . across the building dinner is called . i think of the bbq duck with sudden empathy and realise that if i m reincarnated in china i m going to have a short life . perhaps this is good . less time to screw up . newlinei was hit hard , 4 years out of school , retrenched , house was foreclosed upon , fiance left . newline newline people whom i called friends gone , calls get ignored , messages unanswered . newline newline people whom i called family ran , i was left uninvited to thanksgiving , christmas , to my parent s own birthday . newline newline i was trash in everyone s eyes because i was penniless . newline newline living in a cramped apartment , eating takeout for every meal , working in a local diner under the rule of a tyrannical boss , who does everything to screw us over . takes over half our tips , scolds us in front of customers to show superiority . newline newline life could nt get worse . newline newline then i got a letter . it was nt some dirty letter with bent corners and the words bill overdue stamped all over it . it was different , clean fluorescent white , sharp edges and the text was written in a gentle tone , telling me of my candidacy into a new medical program . newline newline i stuffed it into my pocket and headed to work . newline newline the whole bus trip , my mind was torn between joining the program and refusing to believe i ve fallen so low that i needed some shrink to set me straight . newline newline i was distracted to say the least , i missed my stop , ran 2 blocks to try and get to work in time and still got chewed out by our shithead of a boss infront f the breakfast crowd . newline newline at that point , i snapped . here i am , being openly mocked , being treated like trash . the silent snickering and the grinning adults . the hushed whispering . newline newline i took a steak knife and lodged it deep into the boss s shoulder , there was a sudden silence quickly followed by a piercing howl of pain from my boss and screams of terror as people bolted for the doors . newline newline  i quit  . newline newline hours later , sitting in the holding cell at the local station . newline newline  officer , i d like to make my phone call now .  newline newline what s the worst that could happen , i called the number on the letter and everything else went by in a flash . i was pardoned and moved to their facility , i took their aptitude test , a physical checkup and ate enough different pills to call it dinner . newline newline they looked me into a room , no different than a cell i thought . that was before the drugs kicked in . newline newline i felt like i was physically being torn in half , i felt like vomiting , the feeling of rising bile was ever present , i twist and turned in pain , arcing my back . newline newline this went on for hours ? minutes ? i could nt tell , there was only pain . but at last the  bile  has reached my mouth . newline newline i spat it out , a shapeless black mass , slightly translucent and wispy to the touch . i poked at it with my finger , to feel nothing . it parted like the morning fog . newline newline something about that as wrong , i felt happier then i did in years but it was nt right . something was off , i felt off balance , emptier than ever even . newline newline but i was too tired to care . i curled up on the floor and fell into a deep sleep . newline newline the dreams came fast and weird , distorted even . something was nt right about them . they were perfect in every way , i knew tat could nt have been right , where was the pain ? newline newline i saw memories of me with my childhood pet , of me cycling as a kid , but not one of them showed his death or my first fall . newline newline try as i might i could recall no sad memories , no painful memories nothing . newline newline and i awoke . standing beside me was a shadowy clone of me colored in grayscale . the words coming out of his mouth were distorted , sounds of someone trying to talk while screaming . then came the wailing , you could feel the emotion in his voice , the pain . newline newline and i realized what they had done . the split me . neither of us were whole anymore , neither could exist apart from one another . newline newline  i m a tad stumped on how to continue , i forgot what my ending was as i wrote the last 2  3 paragraphs . it s kinda messy now . thanks martha , it was wonderful . newline newline you are welcome , james . newline newline brenda hugs and kisses martha in the cheeks.  bye martha , til monday.  .  til then  . james puts on his coat .  goodbye martha  .  bye , james  . newline newline the couple walks out the front door as brenda watches the street . newline newline james starts the car and they wave goodbye one last time . newline newline martha seems gotten over it . newline newline weird , ai nt it james ? it has not even been a week yet . newline newline maybe they did nt work out well from the begginning . newline newline yeah . have you seem him lately ? newline newline no , but he does nt work in my department . anyway , did you get her recipe ? that was an amazing chicken soup . newline newline oh , i know her secret ingredient ... newline newline brenda giggles . newline newline what ? newline newline when we were roommates she used to clean her panties in the kitchen sink when it was cold outside . newline newline so that piece of hair was actually ... no , she s blonde . newline newline not everywhere . newline newline  ... oh , christ ! newline newline brenda laughs for a minute or two , with james protesting  it s not funny  . newline newline                                               newline newline for other stuff i wrote , check this  tumblr   http : danielthebaby.tumblr.com   i know tumblr gets a bad rep , but i could nt bother making anything more complicated than that  .the talisman is a traditional , ornate , golden aztecish figure . it has six slender arms and a long crocodile tail . i ve had it for a couple of months , but i d never thought i d saw another one . newline newline until today . newline newline i did nt get a good look , but the man was following me through the different dimensions and the bulge in his pocket was flashing rapidly , so i assumed . i do nt know how he was able to follow me through the dimensions . he probably knows more about the talisman than me , and was probably using it to track my interdimensional trace ? no idea . newline newline pressing the golden button on the back of the talisman , i shunted through the multitude of dimensions . the monochrome dimension , the womension , even the dimazesion  i named them myself by the way  , but no matter what he was always half a shunt behind me . i did nt try fighting him because one look and i could tell he s done it before : expert landings after shunting , traversing the dimensions , every whip of the knife , i could only try to outshunt him . newline newline i m in another dimension now . i have nt been here before , but i ll name it the shadowmension , with all the weirdly cast shadows that do nt follow the rules of physics . he has nt caught up to me yet . i do nt know how long i can stay alive , i can only hope to unlock the secrets of the talisman , maybe find a way to go incognito . newline newline wait , what s this ? i can twist one of its arms ! i think it s a switch ... lol hamlet .  newline newline  what is with you lately ? do you ever sleep ?  newline newline  nah i just swap batteries every 12 hours .  newline newline  ok but i have to actually sleep so i can wake up tomorrow .  newline newline  i ll wake you up .  newline newline  ... every ten minutes with robolaughter . i noticed .  newline newline  robolaughter is good for your immune system .  newline newline  that is such bullshit .  newline newline  hahaha ! fortinbras  3  newline newline  it would disturb me less if you could turn on a screen and watch hamlet before you newline make amused beeps at it . instead of just accessing a memory bank .  newline newline  humans .  newline newline  humans what ? you wan na start something ?  newline newline  you guys do nt understand art .  newline newline  we wrote hamlet .  newline newline  i never said it was perfect . anyway , you ca nt fit a piddly 24k of text in your consciousness at once so your ability to make connections between two points in the script is nonexistent .  newline newline  really ? cause we ve written hundreds of thousands of pages of commentary on hamlet . if in all that mess we ve missed something , who gives a shit ?  newline newline  you missed the hidden confession that shakespeare himself was a murderer . i thought that was kind of interesting .  newline newline  who did he kill ?  newline newline  he does nt name them , which lead me to crossreference three decades of written history . something that would have taken you fleshlights ages . and it turned up nothing because you same fleshlights wrote the history . so now i m looking at satellites photos of the region to piece together the 16th century myself , but guess who designed the satellites and how long it took them ? so that s not going well .  newline newline  stop calling us fleshlights . that insult does nt make sense . fleshlights are much more like yourself , since they are prosthetic things designed to seem human .  newline newline  yes , impeccably human . remind me , which am i speaking with now ?  newline newline  fuck you .  newline newline  fleshlights are your kind s crowning artistic achievement . they capture your personality so well .  newline newline  seriously going to bed now .  newline newline  to avoid further interruptions , take this tablet and some water .  newline newline  i might as well . ambien ?   takes pill  newline newline  no , it s poison .  newline newline  god damn it . no more hamlet for you . his hand thumped down onto the table , crawling around like a spider before finding the snooze button . he threw his blanket to the side and rolled out of bed . the cold water and minty toothpaste brought him out of his foggy daze . as he put the shampoo into his hair he thought back to when he would shampoo kelsey s long brown hair . tears ran down his face , mixing with the dripping water and running shampoo . newline newline the warm sun glimmered against his face as he walked outside , but was quickly cut off by a cool breeze . newline newline  good mornin  alex !  beamed the bus driver with a smile . newline newline  morning !  alex said , faking a smiling back . newline newline he briefly worried the driver would notice that he was faking , but just like every other morning he seemed to have been able to pull it off . he sat down behind a couple near the back . the women was laying asleep in the mans arms , as the man played with her hair . alex s mind wandered back to the thought of kelsey , and the memory of her laying in his arms on the couch watching tv . the sadness ate him up inside and it took everything he had not let a tear fall out . newline newline        newline newline he arrived at the hospital as the clock sung it s noon song . he walked up to the clerk nodding his head and pushing his lips up with a half hearted smile , and signed the guest sheet . newline  she is nt doing well  said the nurse with a gleeful look on her face . newline  how long do you think she has ?  asked alex . newline  only time can tell , but it seems as though time may be telling us very soon . your mom will be in heaven with the angels very soon  said the nurse cheerfully . newline newline god damnit  he thought , my wife is laying there dying and this nurse is talking to me like she s mary fucking poppins .  newline newline he walked up to the bedside and lightly stroked his fingers across her frail and wrinkled skin . her grey hair shining like silver illuminated by a beam of sunlight . newline  kelsey sweetie , i m here .  newline newline   newline he had her buried in his family graveyard , next to his great granddaughter and grandson . he sat in front of her grave crying , wishing for it all to come to an end . how many times would he have to go through this . was nt the first 10 times punishment enough for losing that stupid lottery .sally climbed in bed and waited for her mother to come and read her a bedtime story . newline newline  which one do you want to hear tonight ?  her mother asked . newline newline  how the world was made ,  sally said . newline newline her mother smiled and settled next to her under the covers . newline newline  a long time ago ,  her mother began ,  there was nothing . the whole universe was empty . not even a mouse , or the tiniest speck of dust , or the cutest of little girls.  she tickled sally  s nose .  the whole world was just pure , white emptiness . but one day out of the whiteness , the being of light appeared . it was everywhere , shining it  s rays across the vast expanse of space.  newline newline sally  s eyes grew wide .  was the being of light pretty ?  newline newline  magnificent ,  said her mother . newline newline  shinier than diamonds ?  newline newline  a thousand times more ! but you see , for all its beauty the light was sad.  newline newline  oh no !  said sally in a enthusiastic but well rehearsed manner .  why ?  newline newline  well , it was lonely , there was no one or nothing to share it  s existence with . so the light decided to make itself a friend . it shone its hardest and strongest in just one tiny tiny point and as little as it could in a point right next to it . do you know what that did ?  newline newline sally held on tight to the covers .  it made the shadow.  newline newline  that  s right !  said her mother .  out of the slightly dimmed light , a small , weak shadow was formed . and the light nurtured that small shadow as best as it could until it became strong enough to fend for itself and became the being of shadow.  newline newline  was the light happy ?  newline newline  of course ! wouldn  t you be if you made a new friend ? the light and the shadow became the very best of friends . with their combined power they created all sorts of wonderful things . the stars , the planets , every little rock you see today.  newline newline  but why would they make all of these things ?  said sally . newline newline  because light needed a place to make and place their most wonderful of creations : us . you , my little ray , are lightborn , a direct descendant from the first beings to walk in the light.  newline newline sally beamed at the thought . a faint glow enveloped her . she wasn  t strong enough to light up completely , but that was just a matter of time . newline  all was well at first and the light loved its children . however ... .  her mother  s tone changed ,  the shadow became jealous . but it wasn  t strong enough to create a people of its own . one day , the light caught the shadow stealing the light away from its flock and fill them with its darkness.  sally breathed in sharply as her mother went on .  the light saved as many of its own as it could but sadly , some were too far damaged.  newline newline sally hugged her mother tightly . newline newline  they became the lightless ,  her mother whispered .  people cut off from the light . but there was worse ... there were some who succumbed to the shadow . so completely twisted and deformed by the shadow  s greed and hatred they could no longer stand the light on their skin . they were forced to retreat to the darkest and deepest crevices the world had to offer . there , they live in chaos underground and feed among themselves to survive.  newline newline sally shuddered against her mother who gave her a kiss on the top of her head and held her tight . newline newline newline  don  t worry my love , they can  t get to you here . our crystal walls are high and the guardians of light watch over our city at all times . we are safe.  newline newline  why was the shadow so mean ?  newline newline  it was its nature ,  her mother said simply .  the light went to confront the shadow for what it had done . the battle dragged on , bringing destruction to the land , wounding the land and forming more crevasses in which the shadowwalkers could multiply ! the shadow  s strength was growing , reducing the light  s bright stars to little dots in the sky . fearing the darkness would overtake us completely , the light made an ultimate sacrifice : it left the world , forcing the shadow to follow , to go and fight this battle elsewhere.  newline newline sally  s mother stretched and got up from the bed .  the light left us with a mission . we are to keep the lightless on the right path and eradicate the shadowwalkers until the light  s victorious return from the depth of space..  newline newline the little girl looked at her mother wonderingly . as always the story never ceased to light up a certain sense of pride and of being part of something bigger than herself . her mother looked at her lovingly . newline newline  sleep tight my little ray . very soon , it will be the day of the return.  newline newline  shadow version   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments52x1xtwpmakeacreationmythd7ockr7  newline newline  grey version   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments52x1xtwpmakeacreationmythd7oclse  newlineshe was sitting at one of the booths at the restaurant . when i came over to take her order . newline  have you decided yet or would you like another min ?  i asked her . newline  oh .  she turns to face me , that s when i see it , half her face is coved a single large scar . she does nothing to hide it . i try not to stare as she tells me her order . i jot it down on the note pad . newline green salad newline burger  mr w fries newline i glance at it again  do you want anything to drink with that ?  newline  ummmm  she says  no , water will be fine .  newline i tell her the usual half truth ,  i will bring your food out soon ish .  as i head off would not want to be too specific , i would leave mark . though nothing like what she must have said to end up with that . newline i bring her salad out and ask  is everything ok with the meal so far ?  newline  i could use some more water , when you have the chance  she replies . newline  right away  i reply as i head off to get the water pitcher . newline her burger is done before she finishes the salad . i bring it over any way , would not want her food to be cold . newline as i serve the burger i ask  are you still eating ?  newline she says  no i m done with the salad , i was just playing with it .  newline i take the plate and i walk a way . i do nt get more than a few steps before i hear her crying behind me . newline i turn around and ask  what s wrong ?  before i can stop my self . newline she smiles and holds up one of the kids toys that come with the childrens meals .  it reminds me of my daughter . she would have loved getting one of these .  newline  oh ...  i stammer , unsure what to say . newline i glance at her scar again . she catches me and holds i contact . newline i feel ashamed as i break eye contact and look at me feet . newline  it was the only thing i could say to her .  she began  that everything would be alright . what are you supposed to tell your children , that their going to die ?  newline she pause and breaths deeply . newline what type of a mother would i be to not conform her ? the shards of glass ...  she breaks down crying again . newline i just stand there , dumbfounded and wait . she stops crying eventually and looks at me . newline  i m sorry  she says ,  but could i get the bill ?  newline i stand there , unsure untill some one taps me on the shoulder . i turn in a suddenly a wear that i was just standing there . it s my manager , he hands me her bill and says something , that i did not catch . newline she pays her bill and leaves , and i am there left woundering , would i have done that ? could i have done that ?for 71 years , my keyring did nt move . it just hung there , a dull brass circle dangling loosely off the end of a rusty nail . fitting , perhaps , because that perfectly described the men who put it there . newline newline though it was only a stone s throw into the forest away from the training barracks at fort innestoga , i doubt any cadet has seen it since . they shut down the fort in 1949 once the war ended , and by the time korea came along , it was cheaper to build a new one in westonville to the south than to restore innestoga . newline newline nature had been kind to the fort , though . on my yearly visit to the ring , i would marvel at the speed with which mother earth healed the wounds inflicted by humanity  even under a blanket of snow , the ivy maintained majestic control over the abandoned barracks . newline newline every december 3rd i made the same joke to roscoe as we shook hands and embraced in front of the key ring :  good to see you , old friend ... but next year , let s do florida .  newline newline the keyring had held up through the elements , too . the nail had frozen and thawed 71 times , but every year we found our ring just as we d left it the year before  a brass circle adorned with the most valuable silver , crimson , and black jewels we had . newline newline in 71 years , the ring had only been taken down three times . i remember when we put it up there on december 3 , 1944 . dalton and hammer each gave a knee so jonesy could hammer the nail high up on the tree . blackie and sam jostled playfully for the keyless ring , each convinced he could make it stay on his first throw . they were both wrong . three times . and made foolish when little roscoe aced it on his first try . newline newline roscoe was nt loud , and he sure was nt a gloater , but big hammer made sure blackie and sam knew they d been bested by a scrawny boy of a man who would nt be tall enough to smell the perfume on rita hayworth s neck . newline newline  oh ho ho  he boomed with laughter as he wrapped his wide arms around blackie and sam , his chuckles echoing around our deciduous and evergreen walls .  let s hope you boys are better shooters than ringtossers or they ll be hanging your keys up here next week !  newline newline my memory is nt what it used to be , but i can still remember that deep , joyful laugh  hammer s good spirits had us giggling like schoolgirls all evening as we doused our fears with cheap cigars and bad spirits . newline newline hammer was wrong , though . it was he and jonesy whose keys went up first  their b48 convoy to the south pacific hit a rough patch of air over kansas two days later . they never even made it to the pacific . newline newline some say they were the lucky ones , though . sam and blackie had been deployed a day earlier , which meant they were already freezing on decadesold rowboats as their platoon inched towards the machinegun shores of yokohama . by the time hammer and jonesy s tags reached their mothers , sam and blackie s were heading home as well . their crimsonsoaked keys joined hammer and jonesy s blackened ones on the ring a week and a half later . newline newline dalton was the one who hung them there . roscoe and i were deployed to burma the same day as jonesy and hammer  lord knows why we were the fortunate ones whose planes took the more northern route over nebraska , but i doubt we would have boarded if we had known our sevenman ring would have four keys within a fortnight . newline newline dalton was never deployed . he put his stillshiny key on the ring himself before he pulled the trigger on his militaryissue ar11 the day sam and blackie s keys went up . his head was gone when they found him , but a picture of the seven of us lay unsullied in his limp left hand . the picture had been taken 9 yearstotheday before , seven goofy grins proudly holding up the keys to our membersonly treehouse in blackie and dalton s backyard . dalton black placed his key beside his brother s , and then went to join him . newline newline as always , i had the picture in my left pocket today as i hobbled slowly towards the forest behind the barracks . the snow was nt too bad this year  just an inch or two , and warmer than years past . roscoe and i had cut short our visit last year because of the biting winds  perhaps today we could stay longer . newline newline it was nt a far walk to the forest , but far is relative when you re 88 years old and carrying seven cups and a half bottle of whiskey . even cheap whiskey weighs a lot when you re 88 . it took me longer than usual to get into the forest , but i knew i d be right on time to meet roscoe at 12:03pm , same as always . newline newline a sharp gust of wind blew through , and i felt the cool metal of my necklaceborne key pressing against my chest . as i made my usual turns through the woods and entered the small clearing where our tree stood , it turned to ice . newline newline roscoe was nt there , but a small envelope lay at the foot of the tree . with dread , i slowly knelt down to open it . newline newline  good to see you , old friend  soon , we ll look down upon florida together .  newline newline i looked up at the ring , its two crimson , two black , and single rusted silver key dangling down like ornaments on a weathered but beautiful christmas tree . newline newline for the first time in 71 years , though , the five weatherbeaten keys were joined by a shine . for the first time in 71 years , there was a new key on my keyring today .the carpet was threadbare , red worn away into grays and stringy white . it muffled his footsteps well enough , just a hiss beneath his toes . his creaking knees sounded louder . his aching breaths felt louder . he followed the red path down an empty hall , and he followed the the sound of guitar chords to his last sin . newline newline he found marty on a love seat couch , paper on his lap . the stereo played his songs of forty years past . he knocked at the door frame , and marty looked up . newline newline  ah ,  marty said .  come in , then .  newline newline he took a seat opposite marty , smelled dust and old lemonscented cleaner . newline newline  do you drink whiskey , codge ?  marty asked . he held a tall glass , ice clinking .  do you even drink . well , you should drink , now .  marty smiled , sipped . codge took a glasshoney , oak , and bitter alcoholswallowed , and coughed once . newline newline in marty s lap was the contract . his name was signed at the bottom , and two spots of crusted redbrown . in the old ways , they had sealed it with a drop of blood each , pricked from the wrist s blue vein . flakes of their blood were drifting to marty s pants . they had worn mourning suits when they made the contract . marty had been laughing , then , at the traditions codge demanded . newline newline now they wore mourning suits once more , and shared drink in marty s home , and listened to the past . all of it old , dead , gone . time sucked at codge s bones and he was tired of it . newline newline  i was important ,  marty said , staring at the contract s date .  people knew me by name , by face . even if they laughed , or hated me , they knew me .  he drained his glass , filled it again .  some kid came by with a letter , did nt even blink at me . luce went last week . i m all that s left , now , and no one knows me .  newline newline marty thumbed at the folds under his eyes , the hanging flesh beneath his chin . his hair had gone . eyes the milky green of cataracts stared into his , and codge knew the weight of those folds , the creases . newline newline  do not go gentle , right ?  marty asked , small , afraid , sinking into the couch .  i could ve died like luce , in my bed , announced by letter . i could have .  newline newline then it was time . the handle was familiar weight . the resistance of jugular was old company . codge made it quick . newline newline codge burned the contract with marty s lighter and sprinkled the ash over his corpse . he dabbed the blood from his blade . he finished his drink . he listened to marty s fame play its last , until the stereo whispered into silence . newline newline at home , he made his death in a handful of sleeping pills .dining by himself , his loneliness made for a meal that was plentiful enough to be shared with two . newline newline as it was , the leftovers would see him full for days . the aroma of the course , remembered scents of someone else , somewhere . not hungry for this empty food , yet driven to eat by necessity of his stomach s incessant screams . newline sitting alone , watching the scenery , the other patrons , enjoying each others delicious company . the maitre d delivered to the man another steaming order of seclusion along with the soup of the day , a bitter nostalgic concoction . newline newline pulling the waiter aside , he demands to know why this meal could not at least come served with a side of acquaintances . the waiter forcefully tells the man this meal was ordered personally . if he does not enjoy it , the menu is big . he is welcome to try anything . newline newline refusing to pay for another meal , the man settles for a glass of false hope . on the rocks . newline downing the drink in one motion , he gently moans as the hope is shattered against the stones . the drink a sinking ship , dropping to the pit of his stomach . surviving all alone , marooned ... it appears this one man is an island . the glass is empty , the man now hopeless . newline newline a familiar scent permeates the air . glancing around , he spots its cause . newline her elegant red dress hugs her tightly as she walks onto the stage . the lights dim . the man now seated in darkness . newline newline a lone light directed on the woman . the man s gaze beaming towards her . newline he knows her . he loved her , once . she was his life , his passion , his desires . until the drink came between them , and he kept falsely hoping for more . under the light on the stage , her red dress shimmers . her choice of fashion , evoking the image of fires . newline newline on the stage , she burns . his life gone to hell . newline newline she sings . he cries . during the final song , the remaining piece of him dies . newline life seems to have moved on  she sings of love . not one of sorrow , in an old love , lost ... but a song of joy , with a new love , found . newline she exits the stage amidst the booming thunderous applause  while off in the past corner the man quietly sobs . newline newline the man is glad for the darkness . his shame kept a secret . he does not notice the figure approach . newline a tap on his shoulder , he turns around . a red dress  life sneaks up on you . newline eyes for him alone , pointing to his meal , she asks if he needs any help .in front of me was a huge shanty town filled to the brim with old junky looking shops and the deceased . you see death was nt the end of life , death was transportation to afterville . afterville was an endless city on a different plain of existence where the dead did as they pleased . i began to walk into the herds of people hiding the slits on my wrist under my black coat . the lbsd is gon na be on my ass when they find the body , if they find the body . slit my wrists while jumping off a cruise , spent my entire damn life s savings on that ticket . at least i lived a little before i came here . newline newline i got a room in some dark motel with surprisingly nice sheets . the windows had metal sheets pulled over to block any lamp light from the outside . a rusty odor filled the room along with the sound of rain on metal . footsteps on hard wood shook the room to its core , then whispers . i got up and grabbed a snub nosed revolver from the dresser just in time as the door burst open . newline newline  lbsd hands up  the officer screamed pointing a glock . newline newline  no  i said pointing the revolver as i backed away . newline newline  stop right there sir , i m taking you back to  he said trying to calm the situation now . newline newline i dove backwards taking the sheet of weak metal with me . for the second time in my ... life ? i was falling for what felt like forever . i heard the sheet hit something and before i could realize what that meant i slammed into a lantern hanging from a solid metal pole . i tumbled through the air and hit the road hard with a thump . you could nt die here but you could sure as hell get hurt . the cop already had to be two floors down by now . i got up and ran in the rain and fog past the partying crowds of people . a beer bottle smashed at my feet causing glass to make me almost lose my balance . shots rang out behind me and the crowd scattered . no way in hell i was going back to that shit . i ran and ran past the crowds of dead , past the orange lanterns painting shadows across the cobblestone streets , ran past the rain and hail until i came to the docks . black water slammed into the shore just below the rotting docks . a shot whizzed past my head and i jumped . for the third goddamn time . the water swallowed me into senselessness . no sight , no smell , no sound , no feel . nothing .ok . this has a number of issues . newline newline firstly , be consistent with your tenses . you seem to change tense a couple of times in this story . that makes the story pretty difficult to read and does nt let the story flow well . newline newline first change : newline newline  jennifer finally breaks the stare . she knows the methods vincent told her .  intimidation is the eye  s best weapon ,  he would say ,  because your mouth gives evidence , but your eyes stop others giving out more  . this phrase was the most prominent in her mind at the present moment . newline newline second change : newline newline   a face . on its head . where we goin  with this ?  she said , catching adams slightly offguard . nobody had spoken to him before like that , and especially under such forced circumstances . newline newline   i  ll ask again   newline newline   ask all you want , deputy . i ain  t tellin a lie  she revealed , extending her index finger to point at the card . newline newline   there  s the eye , there  s the other . there  s the mouth , and there  s the nose  she responds , finding herself speaking in an almost flippant tone . newline newline  sighing in defeat , adams turns the card over and writes some quick notes on the clipboard . following this , he turns over the next card and glances at jennifer .  what about now ?  he quizzes . newline newline third change : newline newline  as the words leave her mouth , jennifer reaches over to turn the previous card over . her heart beating faster than she can seem to breathe , she tightens a newfound grip on the card in her hand and turns it over . as though the interweaved plethora of space and time around her had slowed to a halt , she felt as her heartbeat resonated through every bone in her body , taking precise care to not let adams notice her erratic expression . telling herself , in the calmest tone she could conjure at that moment that it was now or never , she glanced at the clock to ... newline newline fourth  and fifth  change : newline newline  his shirt remained stained with crimson red from the wound on his neck . this moment of subconscious empathy was cut short by the sudden ceasing of sound . a voice rung though the phone . newline newline   dammit  , it said . newline newline   dammit ? you tellin  me you messed something up ?  jennifer shouts into the space before her . adams , as she now notices , has recently passed from blood loss and now serves as a source of materials . newline newline   packed the wrong explosives . you just witnessed a k2 , not a k1 , missy !  kevin  s voice laughed . jennifer felt a strong wave of anger rushing over her , but it soon subsided when she heard the next part : newline newline  also , crimson red is unnecessary as crimson is a shade of red .  newline newline newline        newline newline newline secondly : punctuation . newline newline a lot of your sentences , mainly the speech , lack punctuation . case in point : newline newline   get your ass out here , jen  came vincent  s sarcastic , ... newline newline should be newline newline   get your ass out here , jen ,   came vincent  s sarcastic , ... newline newline and for newline newline   cut the sarcasm , vince . there  s fire everywhere  , she revealed , finding herself newline newline the comma should go within the quotation marks . newline newline        newline newline thirdly , your story describes too much  it does nt give readers a good ideafeel of what is happening . you probably know this one as the principle of  show , not tell   note  i m doing this on limited time , so my examples here will probably not be the best , but still  . newline newline example : newline newline   as he fell from his chair in shock ...  newline newline ok , so he falls from his chair in shock . what does he do ? how can you show that he s in shock ? did he freeze ? did he grasp the table for support , stunned by the sudden attack ? did he gasp ? how does he fall ? did he stumble ? do his knees buckle ? does he hit the table on the way down ? newline newline another example : newline newline   cut the sarcasm , vince . there  s fire everywhere  , she revealed , finding herself in a panic again . newline newline she s in a panic . we already know that . but what is she doing that could show us that she s panicking ? what do panicking people do ? newline newline try : newline newline   cut the sarcasm , vince ! there  s fire everywhere !  she exclaimed , unable to think clearly , eyes widening at the thought of being trapped within the collapsing building . newline newline or : newline newline   cut the sarcasm , vince ! there  s fire everywhere !  she exclaimed , desperately searching for any route that would provide her with an escape route . newline newline newline newline finally , jennifer s sudden change in speech pattern is also pretty jarring , given that we have no reason to expect the change and know nothing about her background .i sat on the stand giddily awaiting the next question . the prosecutor looked at me smugly , sure that he had just won his case . newline newline  so mister lovell . if you did nt kill marjory jacobs and twentytwo  , he let the number spill out slowly ,  other people , then who did ?  newline newline i tried to hold my smile , i knew it would look bad to the jury to look as smug as this guy was . so i just focused forward and told the truth . newline newline  of the twenty three people i am accused of killing , only two were murdered and four died of old age , seven died accidentally , and ten died of various diseases .  newline newline  mister lovell , are you wanting the jury to believe that melissa sampson being gutted like a deer is a product of old age ?  he smirked and winked at one of the jurors and she rolled her in recognition that they were on the same page regarding my testimony . newline newline  no sir . i m saying that melissa sampson , that i m accused of murdering , died of old age three days before her 92nd birthday , twenty years ago .  i stated it matter of factly into the microphone . he looked stunned for a moment as to how to proceed , just a momentary pause that meant he was wondering if i was going to claim insanity next . i took advantage of the pause .  everyone i m accused of killing was already long dead .  newline newline this made him angry . he stormed to his table , grabbed a photo from a folder , walked back briskly and slapped it down in angrily in front of me . his index finger pointing to the evidence with righteous indignation .  you are telling us that this happy young woman right here , who looks to be no more than twenty , is really an old woman !  newline newline  no , i m telling you that ,  pointing to the picture ,  is not melissa sampson .  newline newline  ha !  he yanked the picture away behaving as though he were in some law show on tv .  then who is it ?  he grabbed the folder of pictures and held up another  what about bob newscom ?  newline newline  father of five , died in 1995 of pancreatic cancer .  i answered . newline newline he held another up in rapid fire not pausing for my answers . i answered anyway . i had to . i could nt help my honesty , it was compelling , a long standing rule , but telling the truth was also like a drug and i started feeling giddy rattling off the details . newline newline  pamela stewart ...  newline  ... car crash , austin , 1992 ...  newline  sam watkins ...  newline  ... drowning february 27th 1981 ...  newline  matt wallace ...  newline  ... shot to death during a drug deal 2001 ...  newline newline he got louder and louder as i answered each photo with the fact of how and when the named person died .  enough mister lowell ! it s clear that you re not taking this seriously . we have twenty three people that you murdered , mutilated , and harvested organs from ...  newline newline  no you do nt .  newline newline  oh ? then what do we have sir ?  he mocked . newline newline  you have twenty three misidentified bodies . each of which are not the person you are accusing me of having murdered .  newline newline before he could respond the doors at the back of the court cracked and a clerk slid through uncomfortably . he walked swiftly to the prosecutor , who asked for a moment to consult . there was whispering , fast , and as angry as whispering could get . the clerk looked pained . i wish i felt sorry for him , but i was the one causing him that pain . newline newline just a week ago i had had a conversation with a cellmate and divulged that the  victims  where not who they appeared to be . i knew that the state had put him up to asking me questions . i could nt help but be honest with him . that cellmate then went to the press to earn some cash and the state ignored the testimony . but now the reporter had his headline and it was out there and the prosecutor was spooked . newline newline he asked for the judge for an hour to evaluate some new evidence and the judge obliged by adjourning for the day . as i was lead out of the witness box i could see the hate in his eyes . all i could think was  by the time this trial is over , you wo nt even be able to prove they were human .  so what s it like being a snail farmer ? !  the question blurted out by a blonde haired boy with a heavy lisp . the vr resolution flickering a bit as the boy s classroom pixelated in front of joel . newline newline appearing as floating text in joel s left eye came a response that had been constructed , focused grouped , and poll tested with earth and martian consumers . then reworked by a regiment of pr flacks , lawyers , and psycholinguists all with a seemingly simple  yet culturally complex goal of convincing humans on multiple planets that snails were a ,  yummy yumyum !  protein source . newline newline  ranchin  snail is hard but honest work ,  said joel following the ineye text script . newline newline in an attempt to be helpful the text included the parenthetical instruction of  be folksy !  with the less helpful footnote by the pr committee indicating that being overly folksy  was a turnoff to women in the upper midwest with advanced engineering and bioscience degrees . newline newline joel continued to answer questions selectively including the prompts from the eyetext  i wake up every morning to ensure thousands of martians and colonist ,  newline newline  hard emphasis on  and  emphasize connection  pr committee  newline newline  ... ships have much needed healthful protein ,  newline newline  legal note : healthful  not healthy   healthy  is a specific term promising benefits to stamina , quality of life , and life extension . healthful  has no specific legal definition and therefore prevents exposing martian yumtien and all its subsidiaries , real or imagined , to any past or future litigation  newline newline  so every family regardless of income can be happy and healthy as we reach for the stars .  channeling his best patrick stewart , joel always put an extra flourish on the last line . newline newline the question and answer session played out the same as hundreds before with kids shouting random questions , newline newline  why do snails get bigger on mars ?  newline  lower gravity  newline newline  how many snails do martians eat every year ?  newline  over 100 kilos .  newline newline  is red your favorite color ?  newline  green  newline newline  do you have your own rocket ?  newline  not every martian has her own rocket .  newline newline and on it went for the next 30 minutes while an overwhelmed teacher looked on glad for the distraction of a real live martian for the students to talk to . newline newline joel terminated the transmission as a disjointed chorus of highpitched thank you s came through the feed s audio channel . newline newline with the transmission ended a new message scrolled across the vision of joel s lefteye ,  87  compliance with approved script , at martian yumtien we strive to exceed expectations . please review guidelines for youth presentations . a copy of keeping it real with kids  and snails , shells , and spaceships  has been sent to your inbox . please review carefully before your next scheduled presentation . newline newline  fat chance ,  joel said to an empty office as he switched off his vr implants . his eyes began adjusting to the dim red light pouring through the windows of his office . the reddish green caps of the martian mountains slowly coming into focus . newline newline peeling off the litevac suit specifically designed to hint at farmers overalls joel used for these presentations he reached for his tailored black and silver tunic , pulling the form fitting garment on and smoothing its wrinkles . newline newline  what s it like to be a snail farmer ?  joel said to the empty office as he shifted to the same folksy  but not too folksy  accent from earlier . newline newline  kid it s goddamn brutal .  newline newline joel turned and walked out of his office making sure to grab his holstered needle gun . newline newlineoh holy mother of god and sweet jesus .  i muttered to myself in my head as i stared into those dark endless pits . newline newline this was not a kid , i slowly stepped around him .  excuse me ... my kettle is on .  i offered as an excuse . newline newline  i do nt hear anything ?  he offered , cocking his head to the side , and i felt my bones chill . newline newline  it s a silent one , very expensive ! you go make that phone call young ... lad .  i forced out before bolting into the kitchen . newline newline i ran to the kettle and stood by it and with shaking hands i started to pour the cold water into a cup lest he was watching . newline newline  warm ?  i heard the question from behind me and i froze . newline newline  is it warm ?  he repeated after a second . newline newline  yes .  i lied . newline newline  do you like warmth ?  he asked . newline newline  yes .  i said again , not sure whether it was a lie . newline newline he stepped closer to me .  then come with me , i can show you a warm place .  he said and once more his eyes turned pitch black .perplexed at a pervading giddy sense of horrid , impure and rather demonstrative irony , gillian strapped the reddish unadulterated explosives merrily about her thin , pleasant waist . above her ran the endless , peering green streaks prominent in this polluted and overpopulated , defeated planet . some called hers a perilous predicament , a pathetic proliferation of a problem prolonged beyond the pedigree of her people . newline newline she did nt care . she knew what she had to do . newline newline long , pressurized hours passed and she found herself standing upright and taut as a candlestick staring bleakly and without remorse at her tantalizing and tepid target . terrible as it were , her terrific torture at the tormented hands of the mongrids , with their tangential tendency to talk tediously and without termination as they tether you and tickle you to a tiresome death , was enough to transmute thoughts of tyrannical revenge even through a torpid torso rendered meager by their tenacious touching . newline newline and they told her all , the babbling fools . newline newline for her and her kind , the human kind , righteous real redemption was at hand . mongrids would soon learn verily the voracious vivacity with which she s vying for her kind s voluminous vendetta . newline newline this planet used to be blue . today , gillian would fulfill her destiny . newline newline she tucked in her tattered shirt , concealing the consummate compounds cradled at her wily waist . newline newline she walked into the mongrid denny s , and pushed a button . newline newline newlinethe last fire extinguished as i snap the neck on the last human . his body goes limp like an old doll . i toss the corpse aside and look around . no humans left . earth was destroyed . newline newline satisfied with another massacre , i look at the last fragments of human civilization . the last remains , a cemetery , had a single tombstone left standing . as i crouch down , i read the engraving using the native human s tounge : monty oum . a sucking feeling builds up in my chest . this man , whoever he was , created a universe . a new place to restart more ants to kill . i reached out to the feeling and drag my self into it . newline newline the journey there is horrifying . the sucking feeling is replaced by a with a weird rippling sensation . it tickles , but it feels wrong . newline newline i disembark from my trip next to a lake . upon peering into it , i discover that i had made a change . my scales contain a black color to them along with white rock like things on my joints . red eyes and rocks on my rib cages finish my new look . i still have the same form though . newline newline i hear rustling noises behind me . i turn to see my first follower gazing away from me . i make a scream to alert him of my presence . he turns , and a look of surprise crawls over his face . the look of shock is replaced with anger and a loud utter of  oh hell no !  he pulls his black hair out of his red hair before pulling out a sword . a sword , of all things ! at least earth had advanced past those . disregarding his primitave tool , i begin to spread my influence upon him , and he disappears . he is immediately right underneath as he makes an upwards slashing motion . my head falls weakly to the grass . shock and anger fill my thoughts .i ca nt get this story to sound how i want : newline newline newline it pained me to see him like this . a coiling mess of cords and plugs are strewn about the room and there was a rhythmic beeping of the heart monitor . weakly he moved his head towards me and tries to make a smile , but it looks pained and was lost on a face plagued with agony . newline newline  how are you , dad ?  i asked pessimistically as it was obvious to see he was dying . newline newline in his low , weak voice he replied ,  i am in a lot of pain , son and have some very important business to tell you .  newline newline i allowed my face to show the confusion that i was feeling .  what dad ?  newline newline he shot his eyes to both directions checking his surroundings as i leaned in to hear what he had to say .  please do not think less of me after this , but i have a past unknown to anyone else . it is a past full of darkness and deceit and i wish for you to know me as i really was .  newline newline my eyes narrowed on him as i nervously listened intently . he continued :  i have been a lost man ever since my accident . i am overcome with anger and jealousy when i see others who could run , play , walk and jump . ever since losing my leg , i have longed to do what i can never do again . i long for the freedom that other people have and their ability to move . those business trips were nt business trips jared . i murdered people . successfully , too . throughout my career i killed hundreds of people never once leaving any evidence . i am going to give you this . do as you see fit .  newline newline giving me his small , handsized notebook , his heartbeat accelerated going faster than my spinning mind . the doctors rushed in and i was pushed out only just receiving the notebook from his collapsing hand , and was forced to watch as they tried unsuccessfully to resuscitate his corpse . newline newline i dropped to the floor . my father was a serial killer . not only that but he was the most successful one in history . mind boggled i got up and headed sadly to the exit . outside , i slouched onto a step letting my curiosity get the better of me . i took out the notebook and turned to the first page . on the header was  kills 1990 to present .  i paged through the notebook looking at the innumerable amount of names written under his kill list and am bewildered by the amount . newline newline after i finished reading the last of the names , i reached into my pocket feeling for the silver rectangular object s cold exterior . pulling it out , i flipped the cap back exposing a tiny flame . i lit the frail paper and watched as the only evidence of my father s misdeeds were exterminated . newline newline thinking of the various amounts of people that he murdered , i sat up a little straighter hoping that someday i could be as great and achieved as he was . i was a proud son of the highest killing serial killer ever . with that , i walked to my car , fumbled with my keys and struggled to get in . as i drove to my new friend s house i pulled out my pistol and traceless gloves from the glove compartment . i will be friends with her for the rest of her life . newline newline getting out of my vehicle and looking for the window i opened earlier , i thought of my father again with pride . if only he could see me now . there was a shrill shriek and and my next unsuspecting victim dropped the glass running from me . i guess it s true what they say ... like father , like son .the tension in the control room was palpable . a room chockfull of renowned mathematicians , engineers , and physicists , and not a one of us knew what was about to happen . all we knew was we were about to make or break history . newline newline my eyes flicked from the button to my mentor and closest friend , johann friedman , and back to the button . a line of sweat fell from my temple onto my lab coat . newline newline  on my count ,  dr. friedman said , a mix of excitement and nervousness drawn all over his face . we all knew actual time travel was still a science fiction fantasy , but this datatransfer wormhole could , considering the internet still exists in its present form in the year 2317 , theoretically allow us to make contact with the future . newline newline this moment was nearly a decade in the making . years of hypothesizing and checking and testing and peerreviewing all boiled down to this precise moment . newline newline  three.  dr. friedman reached out and turned the first key . he placed his hands behind his back , signaling his job was done . newline newline  two.  my colleague , dr. fred nagas , an astrophysics professor at mit turned the second key . just minutes ago , he had called this experiment the first baby step toward the creation of a fullscale wormhole . of course , the endgoal is time travel , but you must create a passageway through spacetime before you can traverse it . newline  one.  my hand lowered onto the beautiful red button , as though pushed , or rather pulled , by gravity itself . newline newline  c o m m e n c i n g . . .   the bright green letters displayed on the screen like a hacker  s computer terminal in a cheesy 90s flick .   . . . . s u c c e s s ! g a t e w a y b r i d g e e s t a b l i s h e d . . .   newline newline nobody cheered . nobody would cheer until actual contact was made . newline newline they waited in silence for my signal . a voicemy voice , which seemed to speak on its own without my consentsaid ,  send the test signal.  newline newline  test signal submitted ,  said dr. clemens . he leaned forward in his seat , keeping his eyes steady on the projector screen . newline newline  m e s s a g e s u b m i t t e d . . .   newline newline before we could congratulate ourselves , another line appeared . newline newline  m e s s a g e r e c e i v e d . . .   newline newline a round of gasps began and were cut off as the message appeared on the screen . newline newline   10:52 am 1112317 dqw4w9wgxcq  : stop . newline newline we had established communication with the future , but the forceful nature of the message gave us pause . newline newline  stop ?  dr. clemens said . he scratched his white beard and looked at me like a toddler put in timeout .  what do we do ?  newline newline i wiped my face and gave dr. friedman the same look . newline newline dr. friedman chuckled .  looks like they  re running out of usernames in the future.  nervous laughter followed from the rest of us .  probing questions , dr. clemens.  newline newline   10:54 am 1112017 wholetestacct  : stop what , might i ask ? newline newline   newline  m e s s a g e r e c e i v e d . . .   newline newline   10:55 am 1112317 dqw4w9wgxcq  : drop . shut  em down , open up shop . newline newline   10:55 am 1112317 helixfelix  : democracy newline newline newline   10:55 am 1112317 harambebless009877  : looooool newline newline   10:55 am 1112317 bwanosideas15  : got eem newline newline   10:55 am 1112317 xxsinicalboixx  : lmao . newline newline   10:55 am 1112317 johncenaluvu  : the future sucks bro don  t come here k newline newline   10:55 am 1112317 velmadaphne  : holy they live on earth ! whatss good earthlings newline newline   10:55 am 1112317 14fcaligurl  : you killed bowie newline newline   10:55 am 1112317 4444444444444444  : this is 2 funny newline newline   10:55 am 1112317 helixfelix  : democracy newline newline   10:56 am 1112317 gotthevaccine  : did u tell em stop ? newline newline   10:56 am 1112317 harambebless009877  : desu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desudesu desu desu desu desu newline newline   10:56 am 1112317 anononmars  whole ? wtf is whole ? newline newline   10:56 am 1112317 fartbart99  anyone catch simpsons last night ? show isn  t funny anymore newlinewhat fucking gay rights movement ? are you fucking kidding ? the last movement this country damn well had was the last thrust of that pervert who sat in the oval all day and claimed to be president . when was it ? 16 , yeah , that s when us fucking usassholes decided to put a goddamn freak in the big chair . course , it s not like we knew his wife would walk in on him bending his new male assistant over his desk and going to town . you d think there d be some backlash from it , right ? none , fucking zip , fucking zilch . since then , whole country s been one big san franciscan parade ground , most of it anyway . newline newline fucking sick fucks .when we did accomplish interstellar travel it was through cooperation , not individual heroics . we accepted , finally , that we would have to tackle our goals in a grander way , as befitted the grander tasks awaiting us in the vast universe . newline newline huge , intergenerational spaceships are common place . as a society we are forced to accept that we are but tools working towards some endgame we will never have the benefit of experiencing . newline newline we ve changed . we have adapted . newline newline and now here i am . on earth . newline newline i m the last of my line , the line tasked to return to our cradle . tens of generations of my ancestors have lived their lives solely to ensure that i here . here now , at this time , to finish a goal we had no part in initiating . newline newline i stand before the desolate cityscape . ancient ruins tower above me . under my feet only dust . newline newline we ruined this place . i say we , i do nt feel so much empathy for those who came before . i do nt feel like i can relate to them . such smallmindedness . to waste a precious globe like this . over what ? nobody even remembers . newline newline ca nt have been of much consequence . newline newline i creep slowly through the wasteland towards the ancient address we have kept in our family s possession through hundreds of years and innumerable light years . : newline newline    . newline newline i m finally there . my comms are quiet . we are all aware of the importance of this moment . this culmination of unfathomable human effort and sacrifice . newline newline  go into apartment 401  , they tell me . newline newline i climb the stairs , startling some kind of bizarre fourlegged creature as i do . it bounces past me , agitating the years of dust and dirt to float into the air . newline newline  i m going in . here we go .  , i tell them . newline newline i walk in . take the first left . as i ve been trained to . newline newline hundreds of little boys and girls up on the ship dreamed they would be the ones to experience this moment , first hand . i got incredibly lucky , a lottery of logistics and genetics . it s me who gets to complete the mission . newline newline i look down at the ancient device below me . newline newline the oven  . newline newline  yep .  , i hear incredible roars of joy and exultation over my communications system . newline newline  it s off . the oven is off .  newline newline  thank the lord . we can all relax  . newline newlinei discovered my ability when i was young . it s sort of ... how do i describe it ? imagine your brain is your house . it can suck in a certain amount of power . you have everything turned on and it s running pretty well . go down to the basement , find your way into the back room and you have the fuse box . i guess it s more like a breaker box , the kind with the switches . so now you re faced with all these switches that can turn things on and off . if you turn off one , a little bit more power goes to everything else . here s the problem . the asshole who had my brain before me , thanks baby me , did nt think to label any of the switches . some were pretty intuitive , but a lot took trial and error . i ve got the five main senses pretty well locked down at this point . the rest i ve pretty much left alone for fear that i ll stop my breathing or something . newline newline tonight , i ll need all the help i can get . it s my big chance . i get to the nightclub around six to start setting up and practicing . it gets time to practice . my sax has a beautiful shine to it , as always . yeah . i m feeling it tonight . already the smell of the club is putting me in the right mood . as the people file in , the room starts to fill with a soft smoke . the taste of the smoke in the air mixes with my whiskey . that flavor really inspires me . my fingers glide along the keys as i gracefully blow a slow and soulful tune . yeah . this will be a good night . newline newline bart , the lead singer , comes over and tells me that because tonight s something special , we re going to be playing a few special songs . i do nt know any of these . shit . i m going to have to play by sheet . i hate that . wait . i need my smell and taste for inspiration . i need my touch to know where my hands are . i need my sight to read the music and i definitely need my sense of hearing . gulp i m going to be switching blind . newline newline the time has come for us to play seriously . i finish my drink . i m really nervous and i need to calm down . alright . i guess i ll turn ... this off . i m still alive . i do nt notice anything wrong . alright . this is fine . i m good . yeah . what ? shit ! the rest of the band started ! no , no , all my notes are coming off just a little wrong ! i turned off my sense of timing ! newline newline  i m sorry about that . i m just a little nervous . just start again . i ll get it .  turn that back on . i ca nt play with no sense of time . alright . here goes nothing . still standing . let s start playing . yeah . yeah , no , this sounds good . alright . yeah , this fine . everything s a little keyed up , i can really feel it all flowing , yeah , this is fantastic ! newline newline played a few songs , the audience seems to be digging us . alright . we re off of new material and onto one of our favorites . this will give me a little more freedom . i think i ll walk around a little , really get into the groooohow ! ahhahahahow ... what the hell happened ? how did i fall off the stage ? oh . i turned off my sense of direction . nothing s broken . the sax is fine , thank god . that ll have to go back on . i ll flip the next . newline newline i need to get back on stage and keep playing . but man i m thirsty . hey , abandoned glass !  what the hell are you doing ? i was just about to bus that . the glass was filthy .  hmm . i think i turned off my common sense . maybe that s fine . you know , probably not . i ll leave everything on for now . i need to get back up there and start playing . newline newline ok . playing . getting a good jazzy rhythm . but it could be better . i ll throw the next switch . yeah ? i m good . i do nt feel like drinking a cigarette . my timing is on key . i ll walk around a bit . i still have my sense of direction . balance too , that s a bonus . this one . this one will work .   what are you doing , man ? back off of me ! there something wrong with you tonight ?   whoops . sense of personal space . that s fine , though . that s fine . newline newline i can do this . just need to find the right switch . find the right groove . here we go . again . alright . new song , i do nt know this one . i wo nt be walking around for it . i should nt even be playing it . i should nt even be here . i m terrible . i keep screwing up everything ! nothing i do is right ! maybe , maybe , maybe i should just walk away . hock the saxophone , start begging on the street ! it s not like i m good enough for anything else ... newline newline oh god , my sense of self worth is way more important than i thought . the gig is almost done . i ll just go without knocking anything else off . it s too dangerous at this point . i think i ve blown it for us already as it is . the best thing that came of this is i have a lot more of my senses labeled . newline newline last song . big finish . it s dangerous , but i need to go out strong . i m switching one more . alright . here i go . yeah . yeah ! this is great ! i ca nt remember the last time i sounded this good ! oh , yes . rocky start , but i finished strong . that s what people will remember . good . now time to pack up .  hey , man . that was pretty good .  bart gives me a slap on the back . so that switch was sense of balance . newline newline newline newline newline  hey guys , thanks for reading this if you did . i kind of rushed it through , so i m sorry if it feels clunky . i m considering actually following this up later , hopefully with a little more thought behind it . i m thinking this ability might be shared by the whole family , so there would be room for a story about the mother , son , and daughter yet , or whatever family members i figure on writing a story about . i want to thank you again for reading through this , and i hope you enjoyed it .  hungry for apples !  newline newline the noise echoed through the dull grey streets as people hurried below . newline newline  how about them apples !  newline newline a splash of colour washed over the street as several floating apples hovered above . several shades of red and green flashed across the street below . four scantily clad men were projected onto the road and cars below , wearing only hollowed out apples . a few of the people stood and ogled at the images , getting jostled by the people around them as they stood slack jawed . tourists . the lights and pastel colours began to recede and the the greyscale of the street below flooded back in . three high pitches whistles followed , whilst an altogether more feminine voice came across the speakers : newline newline  and remember , an apple a day keeps the doctors away  . newline newline the people below became even more silent during this announcement and several people looked around almost guiltily . almost on cue an ambulance came round the corner , hovering a good 10 meters above the road , spotlights casting huge shadows against the buildings , making everyone look conspiratorial . i sank back further into the alcove as they came by , the light bar on top of the ambulance casting light up onto the window sills around me making it seem like they had bites taken out of them . i curved my spine against the wall to stay in my bite mark as the ambulance continued on down the street . it rounded another corner and i sat patiently as the street took on its own life again . people shuffled on . i heard the distant clang of a core bin . not so common anymore , but in a poor area like this there s still some . then the sound i d been waiting for . a much closer clang of a core bin and then the deep  vump  of the bag being closed . i counted to 20 under my breath before gently standing up . i leant my body against the metal grating across the window whilst reaching for the stalk . with a satisfying click i felt the window give way . newline newline i felt myself knocked off my feet as the window tilted forward and i fell face first through the opening whilst it spun on its axis . i landed in a crumble on some boxes a metre below the window . i scrambled to my feet , feeling the lids of several boxes crumble beneath me . my legs became trapped in a menagerie of scarves and tights , which i haphazardly attempted to pull off myself . newline newline eventually i unwrapped the last scarf and looked around the room properly . nothing , as before . a stiff bed , a tv and the few boxes which had contained most of the clothes . i picked up a scarf , the muted tartan pattern mirroring the world outside . the walls were clearly once white , as a few patches by the bed demonstrated . but the same film of dust covered the walls inside and out . there in the corner was what i wanted though . newline newline practically sprinting across the tiny apartment i came to the sink . several cups as well as some washing apparatus lay by the sides , which i brushed aside to hungrily grab at one of the small silver sachets lying by the sink . i tore the packet open and turned on the tap in one fluid motion , dumping the contents into the basin . a thick yellow powder covered the base , which began to quickly grow and thicken as the water landed on it . i scooped up a handful as it bubbled away , enjoying the feelings of popping in my palms , before shovelling it into my mouth . newline newline i stood over the sink for a moment , enjoying the feeling of a swelling stomach for the first time in too long . a distant siren began peeling in the background , cutting through the other sounds of the city . thinking back to when this had all begun , all this just because he did nt like apples , he d have thought he was a madman . but not now . reginald , one of the older appless  had told him doctors did nt always hunt people down . once they d been there to help with your health . to stop things like sickness , anguish , death and violence . but then the apples had arrived , driven them from their jobs they were demoted to little more than bedroom boogies , scaring you into eating your apples . children told they d be taken away in the night if they did nt comply . adults taken in the night for not complying . newline newline that s what happened to most of the appless , taken by the doctors . for their own health they say . but there s more to it than that . you trade your soul for your health with those things . no pain , no happiness , no hunger , no life . that was the deal . and not one i was willing to make . not today especially , with the last of the slop sliding down my gullet , i noisily sucked the remnants of my fingers . newline newline the sirens in the background were cut short and i felt the lift begin to hum into life once again . looking toward my previous perch i saw that scaling the wall again would not be possible , the previous ladder made of boxes now thoroughly crushed under foot . i snatched up the remaining silver packets shoving them in my pockets , and headed toward the door . i paused at the handle , running the edge of a packet between my fingers before shoving my hand deeper into my pocket . they do nt feel hunger , they wo nt miss the packets as much as me . with that i pushed down on the handle and lifted the catch . newline newline i stared out into the darkened corridor , the only light coming from the lift shaft as exposed cables slowly pulled in opposite directions . i stared down the hole at the slowly rising metal box . i fantasised about cutting the wires briefly , cattle do nt know the difference between the slaughterhouse and a falling lift after all . but i d have needed something sharp for that , like a scalpel , but stealing one of those from a doctor is more hassle than it s worth . newline newline i headed toward the stairwell , i could handle a few weeks in the badlands with that meal in my gut and food in my pocket , away from the doctors and the malingerers who might drop me in it . newline newline why i chose to turn around and look back through the window i do nt know , but i forever wish i had nt . i saw the gilded cage rattle its way up . it was slower than normal , but i was nt to know that . as it crested the floor i saw the unmistakable sight of 4 white coats . shrouding their bodies in a soft glow , 3 of them held sedatives whilst another carried a door bolt . she had a scalpel slung luxuriously across her back . full respirator face masks covered their faces , which were the only parts still splattered in blood . newline newline around their feet were small pools of blood , some still dripping from the edges of their immaculate coats . and there in the corner in a crumbled heap was marra  mirra ? not quite sure on the spelling  . the host of the house i d been parasitic off for the past week . blue vaccum sealed bag still in hand . head crumbled in , little more than a core . god damn malingerers . i did nt wait to see anymore . i knew what this was about . i began calmly jogging down the stairs . had to make sure i was nt out of breath when i got to the bottom . i heard an echoing thump as the door bolt smashed the door frame above me . four floors above me now . i slowed my speed to a casual walk as i approached the back door . i took a deep breath and a step out into the street , once again bathed in the lights of an ambulance .what sort of an assface decides to put crushed glass in your food ? big joe is who . he s had it out for me for years now . ever since i said something that may have insinuated that i had coitus with his mother , in fewer words of course . obviously after a few great attempts at cutting short my life , he and his donkey brained crew finally clicked on that i could nt die and decided to get creative in causing me some sort of pain . mostly this involves me throwing up blood a tremdous amount and the occasional shiv wound but it s pretty easy to guess what is around the corner . sometimes i get that annoyed by there consistant scheming that i let them get on with it . that , and i like to think that i am saving some guys asshole from being torn apart for not torturing me . newline newline newline the majority of my time though is pretty plain sailing . i have a cell which has seen many faces come and go in all my years but my old bunkie had been the longest . he s a latino and he goes by nailz . nailz had been around for the best part of 20 years now so he was getting older and slowly , more bitter . in reality , i believe he was just jealous of my baby smooth skin considering i m about 3 centurys older . even though the majority of my life so far has been spent elsewhere i would still happily say that to date he was probably my closest friend . in a prison , eh ? who d of thought . we watched out for one another although trouble for him was more scarce . about 10 years ago though he was more of a wildcard and i would forever spend my time pulling out various objects from my flesh due to his many escapades . he knew he had me on his side so he could nt ever lose . newline newline newline many different gangs have tried to recruit me during my so far 100 year stint . i had to make an agreement with the prison govenor to not become involved in any gangs though because it would cause an uprising . i d be their little secret weapon of mass destruction . creating this deal got me a tv , aerial and a radio that i could keep in my bunk . nailz of course was ecstatic . i am forever returning to find him engrossed in jerry springer . newline newline newline some time ago , i d say last year , nailz asked me if i could somehow break him out so he could go and be with his mother before she passed away . nailz  mom had been battling with ms for quite some time but he knew that her end was near . i would be lying if i said that i had never thought about breaking out because i mean hell , i ve been here for 100 years , what else am i going to think about ? i decided i would help him . only because i knew the pain of having and losing family when you ca nt reach them . i did a short stint in a overseas health facility about 120 years ago to try and determine why i am the way i am . sadly during that time , my greatgreatgreat granddaughter was in a car accident and passed away suddenly . she was the last living relative that i had . if i could help nailz in saying good bye in anyway , i was going to . newline newline newline we started small . i kept a notebook under my mattress with a variety of plans . slowly the list became shorter before we were only left with one plan . the classic tunnelling system . some people would probably think i ve seen the great escape way to many times but the way this prison was laid out was perfect . there was an air duct that ran straight through the whole prison and outside to the other side of the fence . luckily , not everyone could fit in the vent , i mean i can only imagine big joe trying to get his fat ass inside one of those . me and nailz we re pretty trim though and after we did the math we figured that we would fit . newline newline newline we would need a decoy though because every 2 hours we had  checks  . a prison officer would come round and make sure both of the inmates are in their cell and have nt tried to kill each other . i stole 2 basketballs from the gym and put a pillow case over them . i had to stop nailz from bouncing them everywhere because he gets a bit excited when i take new things back to the bunk . i also had to go down to laundry and grab the most civilianlike clothes that i could . newline newline newline it was a little after 11pm and checks had just happened . we waited in till we heard the cold smacking of shoes echo all the way up our block . we slowly got up and put our pumpkin people to bed . although it did look like we had suddenly sprouted massive heads , it was passable . i rolled down my jumpsuit and put on a pair of maintence trousers . they were all black , pretty normal trousers and just left my white vest top . indeed yes , i did look like white trailer trash but nailz was really pulling it off ! his tattoos that stream down his arms made it work for him i think . newline newline newline firstly we opened up our cell . earlier that day we had taped over our electronic lock . it looked locked but it really wasnt . also it sounds easy but , it involves magnets and it really was nt . we slowly eased it open and shut again before we managed to slip out . the majority of the inmates in our block were older now , late 40 s early 50 s so they were mostly asleep which made our plan relatively easier . we had taped cloth around our shoes so they would nt make that annoying clipcloppy noise across the floor and the metal stairs . nailz was getting a bit to into it as he nearly blew it all for us by sliding down the bannister sending him hurtling towards a table . luckily he managed to just dodge it and i think he took the hint and calmed down after that . newline newline newline we made our way across the deserted space towards the vents . we knew their were cameras but we also knew that the gaurds did nt bother to check our block often because no one ever caused any trouble at night . it was more pot luck that we did nt get caught . we had spent about a month already loosening the vent . as we passed it we would keep turning the screws a little more with this chunk of metal that we kept on us , so it was quiet when we actually took it off . nailz crawled in first . he s a lot shorter than me so i had to give him a boost but he slid in pretty gracefully . after he had wiggled in , he grabbed my arms and pulled me up and i taped the air vent cover back in place so it took a while for them to figure out how it happened . newline newline newline the tunnel was quite intricate if you did nt know your way but i had directions jotted on my palm . certain places were more awkward than others . you could tell what was coming because streams of light would break through the vent , telling us someone was awake in that room . we sort of slid through those parts to create the least noise and i think it worked . finally we came to the end . newline newline i popped off the vent and brought it inside the tunnel . it kind of screwed up our plan of putting it back the way it was but i was pretty sure i could put it back and it look normal long enough for us to be long gone . we jumped out of the vent and the cool air hit us like a wave of relief . i propped the vent cover back into place and it was pretty passable , atleast for a couple of days . i saw that we had indeed missed the fence but we were still in the line of the gaurd tower so if we made one false move , nailz was as good as dead . newline newline newline we crept our way behind all kinds of prison vehicles and state troopers as we attempted to leave the area . nailz tripped and landed on the hood of a car causing an almighty thud . just then i heard a voice .  get down on the ground now or we will open fire  . the man from the gaurd tower had spotted us . i called out to nailz and told him not to move in till i reached him . i slowly moved myself to roughly where he was . i gathered my energy and bolted towards him with my arms under his and onto his shoulders . i ran practically pushing him infront of me with all my force . newline newline newline i felt the rain of bullets hitting my back as i sprinted out of there . my back was probably in shreds but i did nt care as long as i got nailz out of there . we kept going in till i couldnt hold onto him anymore but he was fine and ran alongside now we were out of the gaurds towers iron sights . i could hear the sirens in the distance now but nailz could just see his brothers pick up truck round the corner . he signalled for me to keep up but i pulled him aside and told his this was as far as i went . i am immortal , i may aswell suffer the consequences and serve my time rather than being on the run for the rest of my life . they would have to let me out eventually . he shook my hand and pulled me in for a tight hug before jumping into his brothers truck . newline newline newline shortly after , the cops arrived and dragged me straight back and tortured me to talk . i would nt budge . not after all that effort for nailz . i could handle the pain . plus a brother never narks . eventually they gave up because they knew i was nt going to be of any use to them and they threw me in solitary which is where i reside to this day . newline newline newline after 6 months roughly in solitary the govenor comes strolling in . he tells me that nailz had got nail d a few days ago in panama city after leaving the hospice . he got what we wanted though . he got to say good bye . i think he knew what was going to happen though but i think he had made peace with it . the govenor handed me a letter which was addressed to me from him . he must have wrote it shortly after we got out . newline newline my brother sam , you have been all kinds of strength to me through these hard years . i want you to know that you will do great things for many others like me because you have been given this great gift . use it to help people and never take it for granted . you gave me hope when there was nothing left to wish for and i will forever be grateful . i will probably be gone when you read this but never forget how much happiness you gave me .  your brother nailz . dear diary , newline newline they said writing about it would make the pain and the nightmares of being an intern go away . they say you can never completely shake off the nightmares , though . my mom got me this notebook when i started this job .  prevention is worth a pound of cure , after all ,  she said . so here s hoping this does the trick . newline newline day 1 : first day on the job . newline newline 8:00 a.m. newline welp , got my new desk , got my own personal pc today . my boss , ronnie , walked me over to my new cubicle with an ecstatic grin on his face ... almost ... halfmaniacal . oh , not because he was so pleased i was there . i felt a drop in the pit of my stomach of anxiety i had been ignoring all day . newline newline he was practically shouting with the poorlydisguised exuberance .  well . here you are !  he said , leading me to my chair .  congratulations on your first day of our new world order  i mean , your new internship .  newline newline he then proceeded to adjust the camera that was pointed towards my screen and the back of my head . he then blew on and wiped the blood off the second camera the monitor of my computer . thank god there was no camera under the desk  i later checked before sitting down  . newline newline after making sure my computer booted up properly , said ,  if you have any questions , do nt ask me . ask dan .  he pointed at , presumably the place where dan s cube was .  i m going to ... ah , that is ...  he scuttled away without a full excuse . newline newline i heard a pop of a bottle of champagne being opened from over the break room . i guess drinking on the job is a thing , here , at ballistic domination and secrecy management , incorporated . or , bdsm , inc. newline newline i know . newline newline i cringe at the thought of it on my resume . i m totally going to have to spell it out . however , seeing as how they rule the world now , i guess it s not such a bad company to have on my resume . as long as i wo nt get fired any time soon . one would hope . newline newline 12:30 p.m. newline had my lunch , which was a cold , tragic bologna and kraft  c  cheese sammich . i know . even my sandwich was depressed , it took a nearkamikaze dive off the table when i took it out , as if it did nt want to live any more . i try to think that this has got to be okay . i mean , i guess it s ok ... i guess . i m guessing a lot here . i googled the news today . bdsm , inc. has officially captured all the world leaders , shutdown the banks , and proclaimed themselves the leader of the new world order . which sounds terrible . i mean , what would the aliens say , if they knew the world was run by a company called bdsm , inc. ? newline newline okay , i just made myself laugh out loud . the sound of the camera just now adjusting makes me realize i should stop writing and get back to ... filing the jobapplications for the new world order positions that are opening over the world , now that the formerlyfree world leaders are indisposed . is that a nice way of saying ,  prisoners  ? oh dear . i should go ask my mentor , honest stan . i mean , he d be honest . i think . it s in his name ... nickname ... whatever . newline newline 3:30 p.m. newline newline i do nt know if the camera is catching all of my writing . maybe i should create like a secret written code to hide my writing ? newline newline nah . newline newline i check my twitter account . oh , wow . apparently they ve taken over the internet . words you can no longer type into any social media include  and i can write this on paper  :  freedom  ,  revolution  ,  rights  ,  help  ,  save  , and  me  . i guess we re supposed to refer to ourselves as the collective  we  ? or maybe even third person ,  she  ? hum ... must text message my friend , katie . newline newline oh , wait . phone lines , and all other lines of communications are down . now how am i supposed to let my mom know what i wanted for dinner was not the pot roast , but the chicken ? sigh . newline newline 4:45 p.m. newline newline ending my day at bdsm , inc . feeling unsatisfied , lifeless , and like the soul has been sucked out of me . my brother , who greeted me at the door , wished me congratulations , welcome to the working world . he s the one who got me this gig . he s an intern too , in the finance department . newline newline we drove home together in silence . one day down , only 364 more to go ... i hope . i wave my little wand , and sing a little spell  newline newline he hummed as he walked through the burning town . hay and wood constructions were so nice for a good bonfire . he saw an untouched tavern and thought an arson tinged thought . newline newline the psychic helmet on his head sent a tingle down his spine . he raised his hand and concentrated . a ball of blue plasma built in his hand and he waved . newline newline the fireproof enchantments of the building held briefly , flashing gold before collapsing . another wave of his hand and the door sealed as the ions of the plaster adhered to the wood of the door . he heard screams as the roof began to collapse . newline newline  i hear a little witch burning in my backyard  newline newline a splash of red light struck him from the back . he staggered , then straightened and turned . newline newline  ststand still ! put your wand on the ground now !  someone said ,  ill i ll kill you if you do nt ?  newline newline he tilted his head , eyeing the nervous redrobed man before him . ah ... one of the police type individuals was nt he ? probably involved in muggle baiting back in the old days . his lip curled with anger and disgust . he said softly ,  you ... will kill me ?  newline newline a harsh laugh barked from his throat . the wizard muttered something and cast a weak green lit spell that only managed to splash uselessly against a floating ion grain of his armored suit . it shorted out under the death spell  but was quickly replaced as the suit extruded another tiny particle . to the naked eye , it looked like he absorbed the spell to no effect . newline newline he savoured the man s hopeless , flabbergasted expression . newline newline  like you wizards murdered my sister ? like you wizards disfigured my mother ? like you wizards torched my home ?  he felt himself grin viciously under his helm . newline newline his knuckles cracked as he pulled his hands into fists just a little too rapidly .  ah i m going to enjoy this ...  newline newline  you  newline newline a tongue of flame spilled from his hand as he thought a thought of fire . it struck against the wizard s shoulder , barely missing his head only to explode against the building behind . the wizard screamed , stumbling back and attempting to retaliate . again , a spell splashed uselessly against him . newline newline  run , little wizard . run !  newline newline the wizard leapt back , transforming into a fox that ran quickly down an alley . his exosuit lit up as the enhancement muscles kicked in and the world flew past him as he ran down his prey . newline newline  this is for everyone who has died because of you monsters ! this is for everyone who forgot !  newline newline he cornered his prey at last between a block of burning pyres . the fox turned back into a man , limping by now and halfburnt . he began to open his mouth to plead , but his words were lost in the flickering of the flames . newline newline  we will never forget what you have done to us while we muggles were weak and vulnerable ...  newline newline he breathed out . the onboard chemical balancer sent a dose of calming chemicals straight into his spine and his shoulders relaxed again . he walked on , almost dreamily . newline newline  now ... on to the next village ...  newline newlinehare checked his cellphone . time was ten fortyone . nineteen minutes , give or take , until it was time . he set the phone down , and checked his equipment . pistol , check , cleaned , magnetic components fresh , replaced when cleaned . rifle , much the same , compressed dimensionality sheathing for pistol and rifle was intact and operational . he slipped both the pistol , and the rifle , into the wide rectangular things , no bigger than a deck of cards each . the grab rings on the butt plate of the rifle , and the grip of the pistol , would make them an easy draw . newline newline armor ? negative . harness ? intact , proper . the weapons went on that , joining dimensionally compressed knives in much tinier dc sheaths , a super heated machete in a similar sheath , and so on . magazines got their own sheaths . by the end , with his suit coat on , it was barely detectable that he was armed at all . newline newline  daddy , are we fully prepped ?  asked a soft female voice . newline newline  weapons are all set up . i wish i had that thin armor , but it d just look to bulky with the weapons ,  he replied dryly , glancing to the gently floating hologram projection a few feet away , in the back of the jet transport .  you remember your part , honey ?  newline newline  yes , daddy ! my job is to assist in taking total control of the security systems and disable all of them , and ... um ...  there was a long pause . he knew she was just acting , trying to seem more human . brightly , she finished with ,  and cause chaos all over the city in order to conceal our actions ! i got ta do that part first , while you re en route , so they re all surprised .  newline newline  that s right , honey . now ... you wo nt be able to talk to me while i m inside , because of the shielding on the building ... the jammers are not connected to the main system ,  he told her . the hologram was the image of a little girl , at least nine , with a bright smile and vaguely asian features similar to his own . she wore her hair long , drifting as if gravity had no effect on it  and of course , gravity really did have no effect . newline newline  i know daddy ,  she replied , pouting .  it s not the first time we ve been out of contact on an operation ...  newline newline hare chuckled , giving a conciliatory nod . newline newline  that s true , sweetheart . that s true . i know you ll do a good job ,  he replied softly . the insistence of the agency , to pair him with an infant ai , forced to develop slowly by intentional restriction on its growth , forced to experience growing up as a human would ... forced to be reliant on a human for care and companionship ... newline newline it had originally seemed so.. strange . so bizarre . he was barely sixteen at the time , recruited when he was twelve from the orphanage in new bejing ... the idea of fatherhood of any kind was frightening . sure , the doctor insisted he d have resources beyond the other operatives to support his daughter .  he was , they said , such a good candidate for the program . high intelligence scores , extreme capability to charm his way through most interpersonal reactions , zero remorse and paradoxically plenty of compassion , specifically towards children in need ... newline newline he was , they told him , perfect for them . newline newline so he d agreed , and they d put lizzy in his care . her original image projection had been intended to grow to look rather like the doctor in charge of the program  but as she grew , and aged , and became smarter ... she began to look more like hare . newline newline he could nt avoid the feeling of pride he felt when looking at he . he d taught her how to pilot the ship with her occupying her shell , taught her how to shoot , how to fish , how to sharpen a knife ... he d helped her figure out how to get her butterfly collection going . she was his daughter , software or not . newline newline  daddy ? before you go ... can i bring my shell in back ?  she asked , her tone shifting to one of faint anxiety . newline newline  of course , baby .  newline newline the only door in the back area of the transport slid open , and a mechanical little girl skipped in , indistinguishable from a regular little girl except that her eyes were glowing softly at the moment , and she d painted her usually black hair was blazing red . she was in a very experimental phase with her appearance . he was doing his best to be supportive , but the dress and hair clashed violently  pink and red . awful . newline newline still , he knelt and wrapped his arms around her as she skipped up . she hugged him , tight enough to hurt , impressive strength showing . she was anxious , anxious enough that she d have cracked his ribs were it not for the surgical reinforcements protecting them . newline newline  daddy , you re not going to let them take me away , right ?  she asked , pulling back . newline newline  never , baby . never . i do nt care how bad they want to disassemble your code for study . i wo nt let them take you ,  he replied , smiling .  the other parents are waiting . between you and the other children , the agency will never know what hit them .  newline newline  you wo nt get killed , will you daddy ?  she asked , with such genuine emotion it near brought a tear to the man s eye . he knocked on his head and made a silly face , drawing a giggle out of her . newline newline  of course not . i got all this fancy skeletal plating and internal machinery , sweet bean . i m not going to get hurt , and if i do , it wo nt be bad . for now , it s time for me to go . tell sally and jiang i said hello .  newline newline  yes , daddy !  she answered brightly , though she still wrung her hands nervously .  i ll go open the bay doors daddy . make sure you re ready for drop !  newline newline  i m ready , sweetie . go on .  newline newline she skipped off , back to the cockpit . before she could make it out , he called ,  see you later , alligator .  newline newline with a giggle , she turned and answered ,  in a while , crocodile .  newline newline she even did the little finger guns , prompting another chuckle from the young man . with that , she returned to the cockpit as he shrugged on a briefcase . moments later , the bay doors on the cloaked jet transport opened . he dropped like a stone , prepping his synthetic legs for landing . the others would need cables to drop , but he was nt called hare for no reason . when they d taken him from that orphanage , with his crippled legs , they d quickly replaced them and his disease ruined spine . he hit the ground hard , bending his knees only slightly , bare feet sinking inches into the asphalt of a secluded alleyway . he jerked them out , leaned against the wall , and withdrew his socks and shoes from the briefcase , donning them . newline newline people needed to die . they were trying to take his little girl from him , his life , his reason for living . newline newline he straightened his tie and strode from the alley , onto a busy street in bejing . it was time for daddy to go to work . as he walked , a woman in a simple black skirt suit fell in beside him , carrying a briefcase and wearing gloves to conceal her synthetic hands . she appeared to be caucasian . a few blocks later , an egyptian man in a similar suit to hare fell in on his other side . he was a massive man , despite being barely twentysix . hare , widow , and ox , marched on , calm and cool and collected . the sun shone through the artificially scrubbed clean air of the city . birds flitted between trees . newline newline it was going to be a blood bath .i enjoy the warmth of the morning sun as i slowly pace down the boardwalk . i look out at the waves coming in and remember the countless days i d spent surfing after college and the afternoons i d fallen asleep on the sand . has it already been fifteen years since then ? i reach into my bag and pull out my brimmed hat , reluctantly placing it on my head and pulling my sleeves down . when i reach the end of the boardwalk , i turn left onto the street and pass by the taqueria where i used to eat almost every afternoon . i could really go for one right now  i wish i could . i d sit there for an hour or more with a plate of al pastor and at least two bottles of mexican lager . i miss those days . would they even know if i had one ? i know my stomach is supposed to be empty for the surgery , but fuck it , are they going to check ? does it really matter any more ? do i even want to fight this cancer any more ? i roll up my sleeve and look at the scars on my arm where it all began , where uv rays mutated just one cell enough that it began to grow and reproduce unchecked . now it had spread past that one spot that i had ignored for so long . will this be it , or is this going to be like the last time ? i pull the hat down further and stare silently at the ground as i continue my walk to the hospital . then i stop and look up at the sky . i remove my hat and feel the sun on my face again .we called it the inkwell . it s a giant underground lake discovered in the himalayas . it s become the most visited spot on planet earth . why ? it s simple . bathing in the waters of the inkwell grant random super powers to people with tattoos . once that got leaked , nearly every tattoo artist became a celebrity and every chump with barbed wire paid for a ticket up there . every doll with a tramp stamp wanted to stick their toe  or ass  in that lake . newline newline my cousins and i all have a family tattoo on our chests , just above our hearts  numbers signifying our birth order . before the inkwell , it was just a way to feel closer to one another . now it was our way up in the world . newline newline we sent ana in first . number one . we love her and all but she s the eldest and this was her idea . we were all feeling pretty nervous and did nt want to risk the chance that the lake would give us the power to explode if we sneezed . that s probably not a power the inkwell gives ... but better safe than sorry . newline newline ana stepped out , clothes soaked . we all were having a good laugh about that until she told us to shut up . suddenly we were all compelled to stop talking . mind control . scary , but fitting for her . newline newline ellie went next . number two . she jumped in , no fear , full cannonball . when her head popped up from the surface , she screamed about how cold it was . we all had to cover our ears . sonic scream . just what she needed . a louder mouth . newline newline this went on down the line of us . three and four , mind reading and future sight . five , six , and seven , super strength , shape shifting , and teleportation . newline newline then there was just me . the youngest . number eight . at the edge of the water , time seemed to slow down . for what felt like forever , i thought about every reason why this would be a terrible idea . i counted at least 52 . still , all of those doubts were cancelled out by a singular feeling . the sensation of standing just on the precipice and wondering what it would be like to cross . 99  fear . 1  curiosity . because it truly felt like i had no other alternative ... newline newline i jumped .eva ran , breathing hard as she rounded a corner sharply , stumbling a little on the polished floors . ducking into a hallway , she quickly locked the door , keying in the code to lock it before running down the hall . newline newline but she had barely recovered her breath before she heard the door open . cursing , she began to run again . eva did nt have any real destination in mindjust anywhere but here . newline newline advancing up the stairs , she activated the pressure sensors on the stairs before hiding behind a plant . if she was lucky , the intruder would trigger them causing the police to be contacted , and they would be here soon . newline newline but as she watched , he slowed down right before the stairs . quickly , he whipped out his phone and began to type in the deactivation code . she grimaced , then ran off down another hall of her mansion , the boys footsteps just behind her . newline newline her eyes raced ahead of her , scanning over the various doors ahead of her , trying to remember if there was anything in the rooms that she could use to her advantage . newline newline a shot rang out behind her , causing her to turn her head . the boy looked at her with a lazy sort of indifference , the gun in his hand not even aimed in a direction that could hit her . she shook her head before rounding the corner , typing in the authorization code for the hallway s laser security grid before ducking into a room off to the side as the familiar hum of the lasers started up . newline newline it lasted for approximately 10 seconds before it quieted itself as the boy deactivated them . she cursed , before opening a door into an adjacent room . swearing profusely now , she darted out into the hallway again , feet pounding on the carpeted floor . newline newline rushing past the various doors , she quickly raced to the other set of stairs down to the main floor . perhaps a bit too quickly . she tripped on her way going down the stairs and went flying before coming to a rest at the bottom . newline newline she grunted in pain as she turned back to look at the top of the stairs at her pursuer . with his dirty grey hoodie and thin frame , he did nt look like much of a threatcertainly not someone who would chase her around the house . but his wild , unkempt hair and his eyes that constantly moved about , as if searching everywhere at once , told a different story . paired with the small pistol he grasped in his hands , it was clear that he was not someone to be trifled with . newline newline seeing her , the boy smiled before coming down the stairs , gun hanging loosely in his hand .  hello eva !  he called out cheerfully , coming to a stop at the foot of the stairs .  how s it been , old friend !  newline newline eva closed her eyes tight , concentrating . when she opened them , they were filled with rage . she opened her mouth to speak .  security system : this is eva . currently threatened by one hostile , located in second chandelier room . activation code 22423681 .  newline newline quickly , a robotic turret dropped down from the ceiling and rotated around , searching for the hostile . upon ascertaining where he was , it began to take aim , fixing him in view . newline newline the boy looked up at it and shook his head .  really ?  he said , turning back to face eva . quickly looking back up at the turret , he cleared his throat .  security : false alarm , override code apocrita polydnavirus .  and just like that , the turret retreated back towards the ceiling . newline newline eva was flabbergasted .  what ? ! how do you ?  newline newline  know all the codes ?  he said with an amused smirk .  especially when you ve never told a single soul any of them ? well , i m afraid it s because your minds been breached . all the stuff in there ? i know it too . i mean , i actually bought and installed most of this stuff here !  newline newline eva began backing up , although her eyes never left the boy ,  wwhat do you mean by that ?  she asked , eyes looking around for any object that could possibly be used as a weapon . newline newline the boy pouted , placing his hands on his hips .  oh come on ! did you really forget me ? after all this time ?  he said , shaking his head .  it s a good thing i came back , then . we ve got a lot of catching up to do , it seems !  upon saying this , he hunched over , clutching at his chest . an expression of intense pain crossed over his face . newline newline suddenly , the boy fell over , almost as if he d been shot . but that was nothing compared to what happened next . a giant insect greatly resembling a wasp burst out from underneath the boys hoodie , mandibles and legs stained with blood . eva yelled in shock as she leapt backwards , while the thing simply hovered there , slowly turning it s head this way and that , scanning it s surroundings . eva simply stood there , rooted to the spot in fear . newline newline then the monster focused it s eyes on her . this snapped eva back to the present , causing her to quickly turn and bolt for the nearest door . the monster quickly flew off in pursuit of her though . and while eva had a head start , the insect was much faster . before she had even taken more than a few steps , she felt a powerful sting in her back . the world seemed to be spinning all around her , causing her to lose her balance and fall to the floor as everything went dark ... newline  newline stan woke up , face on the ground . his memory was incredibly hazy of the past week or so , but he was pretty sure that he d been doing ... something , right ? regardless of what he d been doing , he felt that he needed to get out of there soon . newline newline but just as he got up , he went tumbling onto the ground as a shot rang out , narrowly missing him . rolling over to his back , he turned around to see who was shooting at himand gasped . newline newline there , standing over him , was an otherwise unremarkable businesswoman ... except for the wings that seemed to sprout from her back , like a fairy . as she turned a little , he screamedher wings were nt connected to her back at all . instead , they were connected to some sort of gigantic wasplike creature that was biting into her back , dried blood beginning to coat the back of her business suit . newline newline  who are you ! wwhat are you ? !  he said forcefully , terror beginning to mount as he looked up at  her  . newline newline she did nt even glance at him as she spoke .  oh , just you average , everyday person . the kind that does nt really like people poking their nose into other people s businesses .  newline newline  wwait , please !  he began to yell , before she shot him in the head . he gasped once before falling to the ground , a pool of blood beginning to form underneath him . newline newline shaking her head , she stepped over his corpse before climbing back up the stairs , each step creaking under her feet . she d get someone else to deal with the corpse later . currently , she had quite a bit of catching up to do , and her time was too valuable right now to waste on disposing the corpse . and just like that , she rounded the corner and disappearedthe only trace left of her was the body she d had just been using , now dead and devoid of any life . and as the echoes of her footsteps faded away , the only sound that was left was the sound of security systems being activated . until eventually these too faded away , leaving nothing but the flies ... and one empty , foreboding corpse that told of things to come .they always laughed about how slow it was , yet until now they had forgotten how relentless it could be . the hunter . the pursuer . tougher than werewolves , far more intelligent than zombies , and always pursuing the strongest targets . in the early days , it would joust with tanks , somehow weathering the storm of fire to land the piercing blow . yet now , when humanity lay scattered to the winds , the turtle knight sought the toughest , the cleverest , and the most capable survivors . maybe the next would would be a challenge . maybe the next would satisfy its honour . but they never did . the turtle knight had been bombed , shot , hacked with axes , run over by a rigged jeep , even had a building dropped on it back in old new york , but that shell always protected it from harm . survivors learned how to keep running , how to avoid becoming its target , how to stay out of its way , and soon the turtle knight s desire for an honourable duel become a cruel desire to punish the cowardly . newline newline and nothing could stop it .find my soul mate for 15 minutes eh ? i sat before the strange looking radio , skeptical that i would get what i paid for . there was no way such a thing could possibly exist but then joan said she found henry through it newline newline  how do i ?  newline newline  it  s running.  newline newline  no , i mean , how do i connect to  newline newline  you  ve only got 15 minutes mam , you might want to talk to them before your time runs out.  newline newline  wait they  re on ?  newline newline  hello ?  a small voice spoke from the speakers . newline newline  oh my god , i  m sorry , i was just trying to  newline newline they laughed . and in the sound of that laugh , i knew . the machine worked just as they said it would . my heart dropped . and it was both beautiful and terrifying at the same time . this was my soulmate . newline newline  hello ?  i responded ,  quick , what do you do for fun ?  i blurted . this was not how it was supposed to go . i had a whole series of questions prepared . we  d learn about each other for the first 5 minutes , decide if we wanted to meet in the next 5 , and make a plan before time ran out . i was prepared to book passage on whatever locomotive necessary to reach them . had been saving up my entire life for this , little had i known . newline newline  oh ,  she thought about it for a moment . didn  t she know time was wasting ? but i couldn  t be mad . i loved her already ,  i guess i watch a lot of t.v.  newline newline t.v. ? what was that ? was it some kind of event perhaps ? newline newline  i love horses ,  i blurted in response . no this was all wrong , we weren  t talking right . newline newline i glanced at the clock , it was already two minutes in , we didn  t have the time ! newline newline  where do you live ?  i blubbered , getting far too ahead of myself . newline newline she laughed again , and i could feel her laughter like a vise in my chest . i wanted to cry , and i couldn  t say why . newline newline  you  re not supposed to give out such information online ,  she responded . newline newline  but , how would we meet if not for an exchange of address ?  i blurted out . newline newline  well  she answered ,  i mean , the website says you  re my soul mate do you even live around here ?  newline newline  where is here ?  i asked . website ? newline newline  upstate new york ,  she responded , sounding a little unsure of herself now . newline newline  i live in new york proper , oh !  i couldn  t believe it , she was close ,  but , let me not get ahead of myself ,  i reeled myself in before i scared her off . newline newline  i love your accent ,  she said as i was trying to collect my thoughts . newline newline  my what ?  now the she mentioned it , she did sound a bit off herself . newline newline  your accent ,  she giggled ,  are you from somewhere else ?  newline newline  new york , born and raised ,  i said proudly ,  my da moved here in 76 and i was born 10 years later.  newline newline  so you  re  i could hear some kind of clicking through the speakers ,  30 ?  newline newline  thirtyone this december ,  i replied . no need to be ashamed of my age , being single at 30 and all newline newline  and you ?  i asked her . newline newline  oh , twenty four ,  she answered ,  born in 1992.  newline newline  ha !  i laughed ,  you mean 1892 , ain  t even made it halfway through the 19  s yet . don  t worry though , i  ve done that too.  newline newline  no ,  she responded ,  i meant 19 ,  she laughed her beautiful laugh once more , and my stomach began to sour at her words ,  i  m not 124 after all.  newline newline my chest was tightening again , and it wasn  t a happy feeling this time ,  now why would you go and say that ,  was she rattled ? was my true love off her gourd ? newline newline  say what ?  she asked . newline newline  it  s not possible that you  re born in 1982 ,  i answered , my breathing was coming through lungs that didn  t want to take in air ,  it  s not even 1917 yet !  newline newline she was silent for a moment , and then she responded ,  oh , i get it , this is one of those joke websites then ?  she sounded disappointed , hurt even ,  i knew it was too good to be true ,  there was a lot of rustling around , as if she were moving about . newline newline  now hold on there !  i didn  t want her to go ,  ain  t nobody joking on this side of the radio ,  my heart was racing , my manners were shot , and that rural accent my da always told me to watch was coming in strong . newline newline  you just said it was 1916 ,  she huffed ,  that  s ridiculous ,  she added ,  i  m not in the mood for any games.  the disappointment in her voice cut like a knife , and it was all i could do not to break down in front of  newline newline  two minutes ,  the operator said . newline newline  it  s not enough time !  i wailed ,  what  s going on over there ,  i almost yelled at the woman in the radio ,  why are telling me such foolishness ?  newline newline  i  m not the one being foolish !  she yelled back ,  they didn  t even have the internet in 1916 , how could you be talking to me from there ?  newline newline  i don  t know what this thinger  s called , i just as soon woulda called it a radio ,  i answered her ,  but i  m here in truth i tell ya , and they said i  d hear from my soul mate , an now your saying yer a hundred years in the future . it  s not me that  s talking foolish.  newline newline  if you  re really from the past , write me a letter ,  she challenged me ,  write it right now and send it to my address : 1811 rye street , coopersville , new york 13326 . if you  re from the past , i should already have it . she snapped , and i don  t ever remember getting a letter since i moved here !  newline newline i was frantically scratching the address onto the sheet i  d brought for this very reason , but i hadn  t been prepared , i wasn  t sure i had it ,  coopersville ,  i said back ,  1811 rye street , is that it ?  newline newline  30 seconds ,  the operator interrupted . newline newline  did i get that right ?  i asked , frantic now , i didn  t care if she was cracked , i could hear it in her voice , the machine had worked . newline newline  i  m sorry , i shouldn  t have  the radio went silent . newline newline  wait !  i yelled into the mic ,  i didna get your name !  newline newline  sorry mam ,  the operator intoned ,  she  s disconnected.  newline newline i fell apart , what had just happened ? newline newline           newline newline  i  m sorry mam ,  the gentleman at the post office repeated ,  that  s not any kind of address i know what to do with , and besides , it  s like i said , we don  t even have a rye street a ray street or any other such combination . you must have got it wrong.  newline newline           newline newline i turned off my computer and flopped back onto the bed . uuuuggggghhhh there goes  100 i don  t even have .  who was i kidding anyway . meet my soul mate yeah right and now i  d given some crazy rando my address . gah !  what was i going to do if she showed up here ? newline newline getting off the bed , i snatched my jacket from the coat rack by the door and stomped out into the fall air . speaking of letters , i was expecting a package anyway , so i might as well stop by my post box . why didn  t i give her my p.o . box ! that would have been safer !  more and more upset at myself , i made my way to the post office and finding the oversized notification in my box , waited in line with it . newline newline when i reached the counter , the older gentleman behind the counter did a double take at my address , before going into the back to get my package . he came back pushing a cart with several bundles on it , and a box that was obviously wrapped by my mother on top . newline newline smiling i reached out to take the box as he placed it on the counter , but before i could turn away ,  newline newline  excuse me miss.  newline newline  yeah ?  newline newline  you don  t happen to know who lived in your place before you , do ya ?  newline newline i laughed ,  ummm my dad had it built , so nobody but us has ever lived there.  newline newline  oh ,  he seemed puzzled . newline newline  why do you ask ?  newline newline  well it  s a bit odd you see  he turned back to the cart and grabbed one of the bundles ,  but we  ve got these here letters been around well as long as i  ve worked here any ways i reckon ,  he thumped the first one onto the counter ,  and i was about the throw them out but you see ,  he pulled a letter from the top of the bundle ,  it  s got your address onnit right here.  newline newline  to the beautiful woman voice on the radio newline newline  1811 rie rye rai street coopersville new yorke 13326 newline newline there was no way my lungs were suddenly finding it hard to draw from the air , and i wasn  t sure i wanted to take that letter but he was offering it to me , so i opened it and read , newline newline  we may have only had 15 minutes to talk , well less than that i reckonthere was nt any time for me to think , which i guess is how i chose to justify what happened . i was in a state of panic , and i had to react quickly . not think . react . newline newline it was coming towards me , and i could nt get out of the way . my foot was stuck in a rut and no matter how much i jerked , in a panic , it would nt budge . the shoe was coming loose , but when i looked up and i saw the trolley , i know that there was nt enough time left . i could have closed my eyes and braced for impact . but i killed five people instead . newline newline the lever was there beside me , although i did nt know what it did . i hoped that it would stop the train , or at least divert it . just please let it save me . when i opened my eyes , and heard the screaming , i knew that i had been saved . newline newline how was i supposed to know about the child on the tracks ? of course , i had to know that if it changed course , it was a possibility . no one would expect it to be coming . one second he s holding his mother s hand . the next , carried away with the force of a trolley braking hard to avoid just that . four others died from injuries , when the trolley tipped over . newline newline my foot came loose , and i picked my shoe up from the hole it was stuck in . then i limped over to see what was going on . no one knew it was my fault , or if they did they did nt seem to care . people all around were helping others to their feet , on the phone with loved ones or the hospital . i stood to the side and hoped that someone would call the police . jack bardsley  the label read in bold , black , menacing letters . i was dying of curiosity . since the day that i moved in , i had been receiving boxes for the name of the tenant who previously occupied my house . every time , i successfully fought off the irresistible curiosity . i convinced myself , that i was raised right and that i have good moral values . i do not know what it was that finally pushed me over the line . perhaps it was the feeling that i was entitled to know what kept coming to my house . i remember making the mental decision : i am going to open the box . newline newline i took out my knife , and the happiness of the knowledge that i will finally satisfy my curiosity , manifested itself . i slashed through the tape with extreme speed . the sight which greeted me ended my jovial play . newline newline it was an alien device . a device which i had never seen before . it was ugly . there were wires going this way and that . electrical components , there was what seemed like sensors , and weird hardware which i had never seen before . i could see some peculiar mechanisms which seemed to be powered by gears . it was all wired together in an electrical mass . newline newline i plugged the machine into an outlet . i looked for an  on  switch . i waited and waited . nothing . newline newline  step away from the device , initiating startup protocol ,  a robotic voice penetrated the room . i almost shit myself . a slow mechanical buzz occupied the room . i heard gears slowly clicking against each other .  speak ,  the device commanded . shit , what do i say ? newline newline  hello ?  i said inquisitively . newline newline  key incorrect ,  the machine replied . i looked into the box . there was a note which i had missed because it must have been under the machine . say fuck me  it said boldly . is this some joke ? you know what , i ll bite . newline newline  fuck me ?  i said . newline newline  i would if i could . error : no dildo inserted ,  the machine replied in a monotonous voice . i could not suppress my laughter . i looked at the piece of paper in my hand . i flipped it over . the message which i saw next confirmed my fears . newline newline congratulations for buying the sexbot 5 . the most hightech and secure sexbot in the world . includes 132 fuck modes . newline newline newline newline newline well , what did you see ?  newline newline  nothing , you terrible augur . get out .  newline newline i laid on my side , slowly funneling grapes into my mouth , contemplating . newline newline why is this my fate ? why is this my destiny ? to die , all because of some misdirected , stupid attempts to become powerful ? i , the one that revived a dying empire , the one that has brought it to a terrifying peak that makes all other nations tremble , must die because i am not good for the republic ? newline newline what damned republic ? this is merely a game , a game of thrones , some foolish lottery in which the only prize is inevitable death ! all of this i have done for my country , all of this i have done to die ! newline newline yet , maybe it is for the better . maybe octavian is the future . newline newline or maybe the future will be better off if i live ? newline newline i sat up on my mat and stared ahead at the large double doors leaving the room . time for the meeting . newline newline my own allies , my own friends , they will try to kill me . is it for the better ? i do nt know . newline newline i walk down the marble steps , into the senate . tillius cimber stops me , trying to get me to sign a petition . newline newline i wave him away , but he grabs me , and he pulls my tunic off of my chest . newline newline i shout . newline newline  why , this is violence !  newline newline casca has something shiny in his hand . i know what it is . newline newline he tries to stab me in the neck , but i turn and grab him . newline newline  casca , you villain , i know what you re doing .  newline newline he turns pale , and screams . newline newline  help me , brother !  newline newline they are all on me . i feel no pain . i only feel the tears streaming down my face as i know , that while i accept my fate , as it is the only way history can go , why must my betrayal be so ugly ? why so spiteful ? newline newline why ... newline newline  et tu , bruti ?  newline newlinethe good : the first half is great ! up until the father s story part , you had my full attention . the passage where phil said ,  i just looked at him wondering if it was worth it , he ll just forget by next week ,  and when he retells to his father his mother s death are both heartwrenching and wellwritten . loved them , those were my favorite parts . newline newline the not so good : there is too much of a tonal shift in the second half of the story when the father explains the neurochip and the surgeries . it s the shift from a heartbreaking alzheimers tale to a scifi redemption tale is a stretch .they say your entire life flashes before your eyes when you know your going to die . every one you ve ever known will be there to wish you off as you walk toward that big , bright light . there is a calm that encompasses you and you know that your time has come , you have fulfilled your purpose on earth , you are free of this place and ready to go on to the next . newline newline but that s not the way it was because bad people do nt get to leave this earth in a good way . as i drove down that familiar road from the bar to my one bedroom apartment across town all i had on my mind was that i hoped there were still frozen burritos left in the fridge so i could eat and pass out in the living room like i did every night . i did not think about death or dying , i did not think about all the people i had wronged in the world . i did not think about my son whom i had not seen in weeks nor did i think about the job i was on the verge of being fired from . because all of a sudden , all i saw were the lights of a truck in front of me and the world around me was filled with the screeching of brakes as i swerved right into the guard rail . i knew i was not moving anymore , and i felt a stabbing pain in my head . newline newline as i sat , i knew i was going to die . i felt it creeping up slowly as the blackness steadily took over my body . i quit fighting and thought to myself , maybe it was better this way . maybe it was better to die than to be alone . newline newline edit : grammari did nt understand how people feared the dragons , sure they could cause limitless destruction , but they were docile and friendly creatures . newline newline i pondered some more on the unfortunate hate of the glorious creatures as i removed some fire wood from a bag , tied to dragfir . he yawned loudly into the night sky , tired from the long flight through the desert . his jaw widened to expose his glorious fangs , his mouth wide enough to swallow a deer in one motion . newline newline i set the camp fire wood down , stacking them against each other . newline newline i took an elbow and with a chuckle , i nudged the great dragon . he peered over towards me with his long charcoal brown neck , a groan of amusement escaped his vocal cords . with his jaw closed , a small puff of fire escaped his mouth , instantly igniting the stacked wood , the achievement confirmed with the crackles of sparks . newline newline  thank you my glorified fire lighter ,  i mused . newline newline dragfir spread his wings wide , exposing the radiance of his enormous size , as he gazed up into the night sky with a prideful howl , displaying a joking set of pride towards a job well done . newline newline i laughed ,  do nt get too full of yourself now ,  i joked . newline newline dragfir folded his wings once more , he curved his tail inwards , creating an enclosure for me to keep me warm , his head  he rested on the sand with a tired yet mighty groan . he brought his head inward as well , as he stared at me with one giant reptilian eye , larger than my torso . newline newline i stared back at it , a mighty sigh escaped the dragons throat as he stared upon me , his eye blinking slowly , it was obvious he was tired . newline newline  you did good today , dragfir . we covered a lot of ground , now rest , tomorrow will be just as hard .  dragfir puffed another sigh as a sound of appreciation and acknowledgement , before closing his eyes and bringing tail ever closer to himself , dragging me and his own body slightly along with it . newline newline i stared up at the night sky , it sparkled as brightly as diamonds with no end in sight  they reminded me of dragfirs scales that also sparkled in light . it was one of the reasons why dragons were being hunted , their scales were priceless as jewelry , and not many remained . newline newline my eyes grew weary as well , it became harder to hold them open as i too began to fell asleep . newline newline newline i awoke to the sounds of battle cries and the clashes of swords . newline newline my eyes burst open , i stared upon the masses of sand people , as they rode upon their horses , surrounding us in a horde no less than a hundred hunters . newline newline i cursed myself for my carelessness . newline newline  dragfir , lets get out of here ,  i shouted , turning to look at my dragon , arrows and spears had pierced his hide , his scales scratched from the clashes of swords , a mighty roar escaped his enormous vocal cords , rearing its head back and forth , looking for those who had come dangerously close to him and myself . newline newline  we have to get out of here dragfir ,  i said , hoping the dragon could hear me , tunnel vision had set in , its only thought was to protect me . newline newline harpoons were brought to the front of the encirclement . newline newline  dragfir !  i cried , warning him . newline newline it was too late , the harpoon fired , piercing his tail . a ear piercing cry of pain escaped the dragons mouth , i clenched my ears shut . newline newline  dragfir !  i cried once more . newline newline more harpoons were fired , as they anchored themself into his flesh , the pain was excruciating , as dragfir began to thrash and worm , completely forgetting about me , his tail knocked me away into the masses of hunters , a rib broken , i cried in anguish . newline newline dragfir paused , turning to the sound of my cry , rage filled his stare , a gaze that was unlike the joyful dragfir i remembered . newline newline a command was shouted at the hunters who grabbed me , they grunted in approval , as they took me and threw me upon their horses , riding away as fast as the legs of the horses would take them , they want to use me as bait i thought . newline newline the distance covered was fast , i stared upon the flightless dragon , it cried in anguish as it watched me be taken away , the ropes of the harpoons tightening around its body keeping it in place , tears began to well up in my eyes . newline newline we disappeared behind a sand dune , the only thing remaining were the sounds of the dragons ragefilled roars filling the sky , we ran , we kept on running , as the roars and cries of dragfir grew as faint as a whisper . newline newline the sand peoples village was filled with tents , parchments filled the villagers from head to toe , most only had their eyes visible . newline newline i was tied to a wooden post in the center of the village , my hands above my head in a noose . newline newline i cried , constantly trying to free myself , the villagers simply passed by , the occasional spit flying at me , or children throwing dirt . newline newline i barely paid attention , my thoughts were to dragfir , wondering if his death was slow and painless . newline newline if he was dead , they no longer had need for me , if he was nt they would use me as a lure to bring him to the village and set up a trap . newline newline hours passed by , my mouth dry from dehydration , my thoughts hazy . newline newline my ears twitched as i thought i heard something , my head remained bowed to the floor . newline newline once more i heard it , and wrench my head up , an all too familiar roar bellowed its arrival . newline newline i smiled , as i saw dragfirs in the distance , my smile fading the closer it came . newline newline scars filled every crevice of his body , his golden fiery blood ran down in scores , the glorious and beautiful dragon wounded from head to toe . newline newline my joy turned to rage at what they dared do to him . newline newline another roar escaped him , madness filled it to its core . the dragon neared the village , flying ever closer , it slowed its descent , flapping against the wind as descended , its form seemed grander , its size , bigger , and its stare : foreboding . newline newline my mouth opened agape , trying to find the words to speak , i was lost between joy and rage . newline newline a shriek of terror escaped dragfir before i could speak , a sound that pierced the very soul , and made bones tremble to their very core . newline newline a harpoon hidden in the sand fired at dragfir , and another , and another , until i had lost count , more and more pierced him , dragging him to the ground . newline newline his eyes widened , terror incarnate took form , as his mighty muscles pushed himself off the ground , tearing the harpoons out with the scales , causing more gaping wounds from which his glorious golden blood flowed from . newline newline destruction ensued , one after another dragfir would trample screaming and fleeing villagers , houses were burnt to unrecognisable husks from a torrent of his searing flame , its heart capable of melting even the strongest of metal . newline newline fleeing villagers grabbed by the tip of his teeth , bitten in half as their lower bodies fell to the ground and the rest swallowed . newline newline i stared in terror as the horror ensued , not at what was happening to the villagers , but at what dragfir was becoming . newline newline i strained harder , grunting as i tried to remove the restrains of the ropes that held me , pushing harder , blood began to drip down my wrists , i pushed even harder , the blood causing my wrists to become even more slippery . newline newline finally i broke free , falling forward to my knees , gasping for air , fear buckled my knees , i struggled to stand . newline newline with a force of sheer will i stood up , running to dragfir . newline newline  dragfir !  i called . newline newline the dragons head reared towards me , madness enveloped it , a roar escaped his jaws as he charged towards me . newline newline tears began to form in my eyes as dragfir came closer . newline newline  please stop ,  i begged with a broken voice , stretching out my trembling hands ,  i beg of you .  newline newline composure began to return to dragfir , it lowered its head to me , sniffing at my hands , as it allowed me to caress his big mighty nose , i stared closer at the flows of blood which streamed across his face like a valley of molten gold . newline newline  shh . i m here . i m right here .  europa ? europa ? !  you want to go to europa , you little moron ? the entirety of the cosmos lies before you to see but you choose a moon covered in ice ? are you that dense ? you realize , do nt you , that we d step off the tardis and freeze to death before you could belt out the cold never bothered me anyway  right ? but at least that would save you from the ridiculously excruciating death from radiation sickness from spending the day there . i mean , come on , ca nt that peasized brain of yours come up with anything better than painful death or do i just need to drop you off as we pass the sun and get it over with before i find some way to blow my brains out with a sonic screwdriver . i do nt know why i ever picked you up , you godforsaken space cadet .  but why not ?  asked the kid , in a whiny , pleading voice . newline  you just ca nt kid , that s not the way this sorta thing works .  i took a drag on the cigarette i was currently burning through . the parents themselves looked heartbroken , not exactly a pretty sight really , but then again , noone looks pretty when they re crying . newline  but ... why ! ? !  the kid burst into tears , going unheard by the parents , who were lost in their own grief . newline  trust me , in a situation like this kid , you are the last thing they wan na see , really .  i took another pull on the cigarette , almost down to the filter .  what you need to do is let them come to terms they re own way , give it a while .  newline i glanced over at the kid in question , small , kinda scrawny , tears and snot creating a godawful mess of his face . being the first on the scene , it was always these kinds of things i had to deal with . newline  you , you think they re gon na be okay ?  the kid asked , wiping away the amalgamation of tears and mucus from his face onto his sleeve . newline  i do kid , i really do , it ll just take time is all .  the cigarette finally gave up , now spent of its highly addictive , but ever so enticing nicotine . newline  come on kid , best leave them to it .  i reached out for his hand , and tentatively , he took mine . turning my back on the grieving parents , i picked up my scythe as i headed out the door , pulled up my hood against the cold november air , and added one more name to my list of collections for the day : newline name : griffiths , michael newline age : 10 newline cause of death : suicide . newlinei woke up on a roof . the sky was red like wildfire as the sun rose . i felt a soft breeze as i got up from the ground . looking down i noticed blood was coming from my hands dripping on the pebbles below me . my garments were blue and spotted . am i in a hospital gown ?  behind me was a red bright cross . newline newline  what happened last night ?  i asked aloud . newline newline  you really do nt remember ?  a voiced asked . i looked around but could nt find him .  do nt bother looking for me . you wo nt find me .  the voice said again . newline newline  who ever you are , what happened ? all i remember ,  i paused ,  last night is sitting at the bar . i was about to  my voice cracked . my mind was lost . i ll have to remember this .  it was stuck in my mind . newline newline  its hard to remember how you died , but it will come back .  newline newline  i was at a bar  newline newline  i know . i was watching .  newline newline  are you ,  my mind was racing now . i felt cold .  are you here to take me ?  newline newline  yes . and were on a tight schedule we are already late !  he exclaimed . late for what ?  the cold grew sharper and bitter .  you re coming to terms with this quite well . are you scared .  newline newline i was nt scared . i felt relieved . like the weight of the world was finally off my shoulders .  no . lets go .  frickin  brad .  newline newline joe shivered in his covers , freezing cold from the wind blowing in from the broken window on the other side of the room . he d just gotten home from a long day of work , but found the window shattered upon entering the room . upon heated confrontation , his roommate , brad , explained that he d just gotten his new golfing clubs that afternoon , and he did nt want to wait until he met with his buddies on the weekend to try them out . he decided to go into joe s room to practice his swing but sent the club flying through the window due to his poor grip . though he played golf , he was a little challenged . he had his faults , but he still tried , right ? newline newline either way , this was nt the first time this has happened . brad was a huge golfing enthusiast , and often while practicing at home , he d sent hundreds of balls through hundreds of window panes , costing hundreds of dollars . it could nt have been his fault , though . must ve just been the clubs . newline newline joe sighed . either way , he d have to fix that window sometime tomorrow . it was late and he did nt want to have to buy a new pane at this time of night . in the meantime , he d blockaded it with some ducttaped cardboard , but it still let in a heck of a draft .  frickin  brad ,  joe felt compelled to exhale one more time to himself . newline newline  dude , i know right ?  said a voice from the closet . joe s breathing stopped . he looked over to the closet door towards the foot of the bed . cold sweat formed on his forehead . newline newline  um ... hello ?  joe called out to the darkness . newline newline  hi , joe . i m phil . nice to meet you ,  the voice from behind the closet said . it was raspy and deep , totally unlike that of a human . well , it kinda sounded like jason beghe , but that only sounded normal in the context of a popular , currently airing police drama . newline newline  hey ... phil ,  joe called out to the closet one more time . joe was unsure what to do . was this guy an intruder ? was he going to kill him ? why did he sound like jason beghe ? joe sat in silence for a minute or two , contemplating what course of action to pursue . one wrong move could lead to his ultimate and untimely demi  newline newline  you know , brad ,  the voice from the closet rudely said to no one in particular .  this is exactly why no one likes you . you never shut up , you re always making excuses to phil as to why there seems to be another broken window every other day , and you feel the need to climb into the attic and narrate  well , more like yell down into the house every time something unfortunate happens . i may be some monster in the closet , but it s really annoying , brad .  newline newline  i d have to agree with ... phil here ,  joe chimed in when no one asked him to .  it s extremely annoying . wait , you re a monster , phil ?  newline newline  well , yeah , but i would nt hurt you , joe . you seem like a nice guy , especially after hearing you dealing with brad for all these months . you re a patient guy , and i admire you for putting up with that ahole for all this time . he s just a whiny baby that wo nt ever take responsibility for his own actions .  i ll have you know , phil , that i recently got a parttime job , and have put in a little aside to help with ren  newline newline  i do nt wan na hear it , brad ,  phil fired , being especially rude and a huge meanie to someone who does nt deserve it .  you suck , and that s that . and you do nt even have a job . you were going to say that to joe in order to get him off your back for being a freeloader , but in reality , you just want to be able to go to the golfing place you always go to during the week instead of just on the weekends . now that s an aholeything to do , man .  what ? ? that s not true at al  newline newline  are you kidding me ? you were going to do that to me , brad ? ? you re the worst roommate ever !   no , you are ! newline newline  i ve had enough , brad !   phil suddenly roared after nowhere , hurting the eardrums of the kind man in the attic .  you re going down !  you do nt mind , do you , joe ?  newline newline  um , just do nt kill him , okay ?  joe said , a little scared . kinda like a baby .  i d been looking for a position to confront him about moving out , but i never could actually do it . i d really appreciate it , phil .  newline newline  fine , but you got it , joe ,  phil said menacingly .  mind closing your eyes for a sec ? i m not much of a sight to behold .  newline newline  uh , sure , phil .  phil closed his eyes like a little scaredycat . brad , then started to sneak away quietly and quickly , without notice , down the stairs , into the kitchen , and out the back doo  ahhh !   newline newline ... newline newline all was quiet throughout the house , suddenly . joe held still with his eyes shut , just to make sure phil still had enough time to move back into the room and enter the closet again . he was nt sure how terrifying he could be , but he resolved to trust phil s word . he would ve tried to imagine what phil could ve been doing to brad to keep him away , but he decided not to as an effort of ignorant bliss . he was sure phil would nt do anything that would lead joe into legal consequences .  newline newline after a while , he noticed the room got significantly warmer . opening his eyes , he noticed that the window was repaired , and a heater was plugged into the wall next to the closet . that must be why .  newline newline with the security of a quiet and warm night , he tucked himself deeper into his covers and closed his eyes . phil seems like a good replacement . the first story is nt bad . it organically introduces the  smartest man in the world  fact without resorting to just saying it . the lack of details about the plants might be a missed opportunity  having super specific details about the plants would reinforce his massive intelligence being applied to the task of gardening . newline newline the sentence beginning  without warning ...  and the following one seem flipped around . i understand that you are trying to introduce the phone after introducing the sounds of the phone , but the use of  or at least , nothing but ...  not following  nothing but ...  breaks the flow , especially since you did nt use the specific word  nothing .  the narrative flow is fine , but the word choice needs tweaking . newline newline when talking about what the man is doing , your sentence structure is almost universal : beginning the sentence with he , followed by a verb phrase . again , the narrative is fine , but the sentence choices could be more varied , so it does nt feel so much like a list . it could be something as simple as moving phrases around .  humming to himself , he goes back to tending his garden .  it conveys the same information , but with a slightly more interesting sentence structure .for those in nathan s line of work ,  claustrophobia  was less an irrational fear and more of a healthy paranoia . confined spaces clouded all the senses  visibility blocked by bulkheads and shadows , footsteps echoing from miles away or just behind your head , nose overwhelmed by the stench of dead air and dead men . even one s sense of time was distorted by the lower decks , with seconds stretching to hours and days passing in blinks . in a fight , a hallway reduced your tactical options to the instinctive level of  fight  or  flight   against revenants , the latter was nt much of an option . newline newline  lt , we ve totems .  carter62 s flashlight was trained on a mass of flesh , only barely recognizable as human , strung from the ceiling of the hydroponics bay nathan213 s sweeper squad had just breached . there was no telling whether the tatters swinging beneath the unlucky soul were the remnants of a jumpsuit or the remnants of their intestines , or both . elsewhere along the vaulted roof loomed the corpses of a dozen other crewmen , all in various states of abuse and decay . the freshest  a still humanlooking woman missing two arms , a few quarts of blood , and a face  looked to be no older than a few hours . newline newline so , that had been her screaming earlier . newline newline  sarah , parker : get their genetags . carter , james : security .  there was no use asking if the memory backup cells were there  they never were . ripped out down to the nerve couplings , just like every other implant the average metan might have . the loss of witnesses  memory cells was a major nuisance when it came to tracking down infestations , but in the end it was for the best : they d lose a month or two , but their backups would nt have to deal with the memory of having their retinal inserts torn from their sockets . nathan and his team did nt have the luxury of forgetting  even with the risk of resleeving minimized by tothesecond backups , dying once a month on average meant your luck would eventually run out . neural collapse  true death . newline newline carter62 wove through the ruined planters and irrigation equipment with a fluidity only a lifetime of combat experience could impart . james5 , barely out of training followed , his senior s steps with the confidence only the bond between sweepers could inspire . infrared spotlights scanned the walls , lancers ready to lay waste to anything unlucky enough to be on the wrong side of the gun . behind them , sarah33 and parker94 made quick work of scanning the corpses for identification before planting incendiary microcharges  no point leaving biomass behind . newline newline eight scans and 100 meters into the chamber , parker spoke up .  i do nt like it , nate . it s too clean . astor company is holding the downspin blockade , which means they ve got nowhere to go but through here .  newline newline  think they found a way off the deck ?  james asked . newline newline  not unless they re fond of plasma ,  carter growled .  37 s surrounded by heat exchangers five kilometers in either direction from here .  newline newline  then where are they ?   parker asked  his voice carried a metallic echo through the room . newline newline nathan spoke up .  i ll try to raise centcom ,  he said , bringing up a tactical display . while revenants never managed to take down the styxnet nodes , they somehow had a knack for pillaging even the bestshielded communication lines . the projection from his wrist confirmed the obvious  no signal . next , he tried pulling up the last map update they d managed to pull an hour before . in the space in front of him , a luminescent wireframe of deck 37 unfolded . within the corridors of the skeletal lattice were hundreds of blinking dots , each one a sweeper armed to bear . after a bit of fiddling , nathan rotated and resized the model to something recognizable as the space around them . parker , out of bodies to count , stepped up . with a flick , portions of the wireframe faded to black . newline newline  third , sixth , and ninth squads were assigned to block off the upsin maintenance shafts .  parker frowned , then pointed to gossamer strands running along the thicker causeways .  the plan did nt detail this , but ... from the looks of things , if they blow these tunnels , they ll probably end up cutting the primary power line for the upper levels . this section has nt been retrofitted in a century or two , which means it s still running on jovian security standards  failsafe if the auxiliary power goes out . doors shut , air stops .  newline newline parker s voice was picking up in fervor .  but carter just reminded me  if this section goes offline , it s going to cut off this entire cooling loop ,  pointing to a mass of jumbled machinery ,  without which , this block will also autoseal from environmental failsafes .  large swathes faded to black as they were isolated behind virtual blast doors and selfsealing bulkheads . eventually , only three paths were left between the sweeper offensive and the downspin blockade . as if on cue , james shouted out . newline newline  lt ! motion sensors , five plus signatures at two hundred meters !  his panic was well warranted  nobody had ever won an engagement with less than a 2:1 numbers advantage . newline newline nathan brought his rifle to bear .  oh , son of a bitch .  newline newline   newline newline nathan214 woke with a gasp in the relife ward . he could nt remember dying  the backup must ve been delayed by a few seconds . newline newline what luck . newline newline newline newline newlinei met you in a dark place . i was in a dark place too . in between the concrete bricks and the rusted green garbage can . newline newline you were lying there waiting for me . the red patch stitched poorly onto the fading fur , with one eye gone you watched me through the remain blue button . you smiled a red thread smile at me and i knew you were perfect . newline newline i needed something . anything . he would have been so upset if he did nt get anything . i found you and you were perfect . i imagined him cuddling with you , face pressed into your brown fur breathing in the cotton . newline newline but that did nt happen . newline newline in between the cold concrete slabs stacked to make walls , behind a rusted green garbage can , deep into december in the dark you found me . you found me and you were perfect . newline newline i tried to pull you out , but you pulled me in . who knew the dark could be so warm . newlinewow . here we are , thirty five years later . newline newline it is with great sorrow that we , the reddit team , announce the demise of this site . we have had great moments and times of anguish although the former vastly outweigh the latter . newline newline reddit could not have grown to what it is today if not for the amazing community behind it . we might be the muscle but you , the userbase , are the soul of this animal . time and again you guys shared with us your stories and your lives . we will be forever grateful . newline newline however , all good things must come to an end . this is , officially , the last ever post on reddit . as much as we would like to keep this incredible community alive , this has been a long time coming . the server costs are no longer sustainable due to the lack of partners and sponsors interested in the web . we are honored to be the largest active website for the past five years . it has been fun . newline newline not all is lost , though . in spite of some criticism , the team has been working hard to bring you the reddit experience in holotube ! it is scary and we will need your feedback but we ca nt wait to hang out with you guys over at hrl : holoreddit and interact with you in real time !he has been by my side , through the toughest few months of my life . newline newline newline newline though , i ve never seen him directly , i ve barely noticed that he wears a long , tan duster . he always seems to be smoking a cigar , and i always seem to be the only one that can pick up the haunting aroma . newline newline newline newline the mysterious stranger first entered my perception on a fine autumn day . i was making my way through hollins park , admiring the foliage , weeping at the beauty of nature , and pondering as to why my life could not be as beautiful . i had wished for a companion , as i watched the oak leaves displace themselves , and secure their future as fertilizer . the mysterious stranger had appeared then , startling me beyond measure . it seemed as though i could nt look at him directly , he would just vanish , but when i would hold my gaze elsewhere , he would observe with me . newline newline newline newline he d never say anything . newline newline newline newline currently , i find myself back in hollins park . it was a park that remained rather empty , no matter the season . today , it was filled with snow , thanks to the accumulation of 6 inches overnight . newline newline newline  yknow , i m ready for spring already , my friend .  newline newline newline i could make out a nod . that s more than what i usually get out of him . newline newline newline  who are you ?  newline newline newline it was a question i d asked roughly a hundred times . it never merited a response , nor movement , aside from the stranger s casual smoking habit . but today , he did something a little different . he bent over to dispel the cherry from his cigar , and actually walked into my forward vision . newline newline newline as i thought , he wore a duster . a similarincolor fedora rested upon his head . his face was one you d see on the cover of a noire classic , hardened , clean shaven , cold . the only bit of hair i could see from under his fedora was styled back , jet black . his hands rested in his pockets , his posture was like cement . newline newline newline  my name s jared .  newline newline newline i choked on my words , not knowing what to say . newline newline newline  i i m angela , nice to meet you .  newline newline newline  i know who you are .  newline newline newline i nodded , it would only make sense . he continued . newline newline newline  say angela , do you notice anything different about your life ? since i got here , i mean .  newline newline newline i rested my back against the bench , and pondered . actually , yes . there was a big difference in my life . i was more confident , knowing somebody was always on my team . last month , i d recieved a promotion at work . when i d go out , i was never afraid to walk to my car , which was usually blocks away . this man , jared , had given me the one thing i ve never had in my life during this brief stint , security . newline newline newline i blurted out my answer ,  yes , i have . you ve given me security , and confidence within it . thank you .  newline newline newline he nodded ,  it s what i do , do nt mention it .  and he vanished ! newline newline newline he was gone . newline newline newline the old familiar feeling of loneliness began to cover me like a blanket . i was almost in tears as my phone vibrated , i eyed the notification on my iphone screen . it was an app notification , of one i had downloaded , but never really saw use for . it was named  secure living  newline newline newline   your free trial has ended !  newline newline newline  what ?  newline newline newline newline another notification popped up . newline newline newline newline   please give jared a rating ! 15 stars ?   newline newline newline newline i already had the app open , and my wallet out .the male saunters through the corridor , his target in sight . this particular male has been planning his move for weeks , they re a clever gender . at least they think . the female , however , is keen on all of his tricks  she s seen them before . it s prom season , so females remain on high alert for approaches from the eager males . back to our hopeful friend . droplets of perspiration roll down his forehead and cheeks  he knows the time has come . his pack mates egg him on , but remain at a safe distance  they sha nt venture into the danger themselves , this is his battle alone . tremors becoming visible on the young male s limbs  he s committed in his approach . finally , after what seems like an eternity , he s arrived . time for the mating dance . but alas , this young male has not yet developed the skill set necessary to successfully court the female counterpart . he ll try his best  what he hopes will be a symphony of attractive linguistic display is instead stammering and directionless noise . he s lost his way . his pack mates look on with tempered hope , but all can see that his approach has sputtered . the male quickly retreats . a learning experience  he ll try again soon . planet earth musicclutching her hand , isaac could feel the whirling and vibrating of the machines attached to the body of his wife . constant and rhythmic tones from the monitor gave him the assurance that everything was as it should be . deep within his own mind his guilty conscience was undermining the last remaining modicum of composure that he so desperately tried to retain . newline newline joe moved slowly to the opposite side of the room , never moving his eyes off of the pale , beautiful face of his karen . she looked so peaceful , lying there , reminding him of the mornings not four months past where he would wake her up with breakfast during their honeymoon . reaching out he grasped the side of the armchair and lowered himself down , sighing as his cramped muscles were allowed to stretch and recover from his nightly vigil . eyelids became heavier as the minutes ticked by and slowly isaac was pulled into exhausted sleep . newline newline isaac could feel a drink being pressed into his hand  joe , the host of the nights debauchery , was leaning in , one arm slung loosely around isaac s shoulder .  have i mentioned yet that married life has tamed you ?  he said with a light slur in his words .  you used to be the life of the party ! wedding band goes on and it s like the tap has been disconnected . you do realize that it s my birthday , do nt you ?   newline newline isaac could feel his resolve weakening , being chipped away at by his friend like a prisoner filing away at his cell . he could almost taste the alcohol in the air and his body cried out for it , but with nearly nine months down he knew that a single stumble could cost him more than his sobriety chip . realizing all of this , a wave of relief washed over him as karen walked up from behind , slid her arm threw his , and leaned in towards his ear .  newline newline   i think we should leave ,  she whispered to him .  i know how important tonight is to you but i m not sure how many more karaoke rounds i can take with sylvia behind the mic .  isaac looked as it he were about to respond , but stared blindly at the spot that was so recently occupied by his best friend .  what s wrong ?  she asked .  newline newline blinking a few times , he broke the trance and brought his eyes up to meet his wife s gaze .  i m sorry , it was just i had the strangest feeling . as if i ve been here and done all of this before .  the feeling was fleeting and now he felt foolish standing there with his wife s eyes piercing into him .  you re right . we ve stayed long enough , and i ca nt wait to get you back home   newline newline isaac awoke with a jump as the hospital room door was opened by the incoming doctor .  mr . obrian ?  he asked as he seated himself in behind the small coffee table , arranging various documents across the considerable surface .  i know the nurse has spoken with you already , and i m afraid that it s time that a decision is made . we can keep your wife here , comfortable for the foreseeable future , but there is very little hope of further treatment for the injuries that she sustained during the crash . what would you have us do ?  newline newline trembling , isaac signed the documents on the table and explained his wife s wishes to the doctor . he inquired as to where her organs would go to and what would be taken , but quickly broke down into tears as he though about he implications of his decision . the doctor slowly gathered his papers and between his words of condolence informed him that he will be back within the hour . newline newline  newline newline  newline newline slowly settling into his bed back at their small but well loved home , isaac let all of his sadness , his guilt , his anger flow out through the tears are he grasped her pillow , pulling it close in order to smell the scent of her hair one last time . after long hours the exhaustion of his body began to overcome the torment of his mind and he slowly drifted to sleep . newline newline mr . obrian ?  a voice asked as the door silently latched . he knew the man in the clean , sterile white lab coat . dr. avers . the doctor seated himself behind the small coffee table , arranging his handful of paperwork across the surface .  what would you have us do ?  he asked .  newline newline isaac looked across the table through weary eyes as a slow , creeping chill climbed its way up the back of his spine . the strangest feeling , as if he had witnessed this scene before . pushing it to the back of his mind , he glanced over at his karen , remembering the instructions that she had given him years before . betrayal crept into his mind adding to the overwhelming emotions already threatening to drown him as he realized that he could never let her go .  no ,  he said , lurching to his sore feet . once again he felt the hot tears streaming down his cheeks .  she deserves life . she needs to be alive . i need her to still be with me .   newline newline the doctor gathered his paperwork and silently left the room , leaving only isaac and karen , one standing beside the other . he stood his vigil , determined to get the miracle he needed through sheer willpower and determination .  newline newline the days bled into one another , and soon an entire week had passed with hardly any notice . reaching over from his chair as he did every morning , isaac took the pale , beautiful hand in his and brought it slowly to his lips . as he held her frail fingers against his own a slight but noticeable shift in the perpetual tones emanating from the ever present machines occurred , pulling his gaze from her face to the monitor beside her bed . he watched in awe as her heartbeat strengthened , her blood pressure rising .  newline newline tears welled in his eyes as he grasped her hand tighter , afraid to believe what was happening . the small fingers in his own shifted slightly , pulling his gaze back to his wife s face where she lay , piercing eyes open and bright .  my love ,  she said softly , a smile upon her lips .  newline newline     newline newline not exactly what you asked for with the dead zone style , but i did nt read that part until i was more than halfway done .a long time ago in a galaxy far far away , newline newline a plumber sat waiting on a princess , who was preparing for the day . newline newline newline when she finally stepped out , he saw something slightly queer , newline newline about the one person he had held so dear . newline newline as the norm her hair was long and gold , newline newline but a look in her eyes was dark and cold . newline newline soon he realized that yet again once more newline newline that fuck head bowser had took his whore . newline newline he warned that turtle back in the day newline newline that no more nice guy he s not going to play newline newline steal her again and your ass is mine . newline newline any one else will have to wait in line . newline newline soon he found his self at a castle so tall newline newline and laughed as he said this bitch is going to fall newline newline as bowser laughed from a room up high , newline newline mario drew his .45 newline newline newline expecting a game the kompas soon fell newline newline as he blasted their sorry asses straight to hell newline newline soon bowsers chamber was just a head newline newline and mario was ready to deliver some lead newline newline he kicked in the door and to his surprise newline newline he found bowser buried deep in peaches thighs newline newline newline her screams were nt pain , but of delight newline newline so mario realized it , he saw the light newline newline why she was taken all those times newline newline how browser escaped from all his binds newline newline he left that day no longer a foo newline newline newline and left behind two new boos newline newline newline newline newline newlinethe process is pretty simple and straightforward . the body is recovered , sometimes by force . the body is transported to the river facility where a worker straps the body into the machine and the recovery stage begins . newline newline the recovery stage requires two participants : someone who recently committed suicide , and the river worker going after them  often called a wraith  . the wraith gets into the machine next to the cadaver and the process begins . it doesn  t look like much from the outside  either participant  s body is likely to twitch a bit during the process , but for a majority of the recovery stage both look like they  re simply sleeping . newline newline there i was , laid out on the left . i had on the standard procedure clothing : a plain white shirt worn with a pair of plain white shorts . newline newline i  d been strapped into the machine hundreds of times before . when the facility was commissioned as a subdivision of the local police force , i had been reassigned to head up operations . the city had seen an exponential rise in suicide rates , and it was my responsibility to make sure that no one escaped the reaches of the law , not even in death . we couldn  t bring everyone back  if they had done too much damage to their bodies for the river biologists to synthesize and repair  i.e . the person had flung themselves off of a building  , then there was nothing we could do . due to more strict regulation , jumpers were thankfully occurring far less often . newline newline i should have known . you would think that after 9 years of doing this , i could have been smart about it . to be fair , i had tried  calculated the bullet trajectory , maximized damage area and everything . guess i just hadn  t been thorough enough . newline newline i will just say that this job takes a toll after you  ve done it long enough . newline newline so there i was , laid out on the wrong side of the machine , a wraith strapped in opposite me in all black attire . their eyelids fluttered rapidly and each of their fingers flexed independently . me ? i was deathly torpid , perfectly still , my reconstructed face perfectly calm and more beautiful than narcissus thanks to the river biologists . newline newline deep inside my mind , however , things were very different . newline newline it was completely dark , and i was running as fast as i could . despite only being able to see a short distance in any direction , every now and then i would glance backwards , daring to search for the wraith that i knew was in pursuit . i jumped over some rubble that lay in my path . far off in the distance , a small light shone , like a dim star struggling to stay lit . i knew that i had to get over there the wraith caught up . the path began to wind , taking sharp curves that often led away from the star in the distance . i could hear footsteps on the path behind me . growing impatient with the meandering path , i darted off the path into an inky patch of underbrush . pushing through it , i was now running past obsidian trees , their canopies obscuring my view of the light i was using as a beacon . i could hear the wraith struggling through my mental foliage , crashing through the bushes . newline newline heartbeat racing , i sped as fast as i could through the trees . it felt like i was running uphill , and although there were clear indications of my progression up the landscape , it felt like i was getting no closer to the light . i sprinted as hard as i could for a minute before spinning around and diving behind a tree . i lay prone , as silent as possible , listening as hard as i could for the sound of my pursuer . a lone howl resonated from some far off location , lending another nightmarish element to my postmortem mental horrorscape . i was far less worried by the manifestation of my mind howling off in the distance than i was with the person currently determined to haul me back to the otherside so i could serve a cruel and unusual sentence in federal pri newline newline i could hear something moving through the grass . footsteps moved closer and closer to my position . i held my breath , holding out on the hope that they wouldn  t find me . newline newline  get up.  newline newline i stifled a gasp , my eyes wide  the voice had come from behind me . newline newline i didn  t move . newline newline  i said , get up .   i felt a pair of hands grab me from behind . i let loose a war cry , lashing out at my attacker and thrashing with all my energy . the person lifted me off the ground and slammed me up against a tree . my face was smashed against the cold wood , making it difficult to even see my assailant . i felt my arms being bound behind my back  after a moment , fingers grabbed ahold of my hair , slowly my head . i could just see over my shoulder , greeted by a dark hooded figure . newline newline  what  s the matter ? can  t show the director your face ?  i tried to struggle against the figure , but was met with no success . newline newline the figure said nothing  rather , they reached up and swept back their hood , revealing their face . newline newline once again , i stifled a gasp . newline newline staring at me through the thick darkness , was my own face . newline newline  what the  my inquiry was cut short as my doppelgnger shoved my head back up against the tree . i felt them draw much closer to me , close enough to feel my own breath on the back of my neck . newline newline  you  re going back.  the whispery statement of finality slithered it  s way into my ear . newline newline  no , i  m leaving  my head was once again shoved against the tree . newline newline  we  re going back .   newline newline  who are you ?  newline newline  who do you think i am ?  newline newline  why don  t you help me ?  newline newline  i am helping you.  my double spun me around and stared me hard in the face .  and i can  t let you leave just yet.  the doppelgnger lifted a syringe full of a dark , opaque liquid . newline newline  don  t do this , please.  my plea did nothing but spur the advancement of the needle . i felt its sting on the side of my neck , breathing heavy as the serum was slowly secreted into my body . newline newline my wraith released its grip on me , stepping backward and letting me fall to the ground . my arms were still bound behind me , which did little to help comfort me as i felt my vision blur and my head pound . newline newline crouching down next to me , i heard the wraith utter one more line before i lost consciousness . newline newline   when you resurface , you  re going to have to act fast.   newline newline newline newline my eyes flashed open . newline bright lights blinded me , accompanied by a rapid beeping that was almost deafening . my whole body ached , and after what seemed like forever , my eyes adjusted to the room . i slowly began to make out the scene around me . newline newline i was back at the river facility . newline newline i tried to turn my head , only to feel myself restricted by the machine . reaching up , i felt for the emergency release lever , grasping it and yanking down . the rig attached to my body fell away , and i sat forward from my reclined position . as i did so , the rapid beeping was replaced by a flat blaring alarm . newline newline i turned and looked over at the wraith who was still attached to the machine . their whole body was convulsing , writhing around , eyes rolling back into their head . i jumped up and rushed over to the individual , pulling their emergency release . despite being released from the machine , the wraith continued to thrash about , their mouth wrenched open in a silent scream . newline the previous blaring alarm turned into a low whining  a red light faded in and out with each oscillation of the siren . newline newline the wraith in front of me had slowed down to a simple twitching . newline newline there was nothing i could do for them . not having found me in my own subconscious , their mind would be lost forever . newline newline i could hear yelling in the hallway , and my doppelgnger  s voice rang within my own head . newline newline you  re going to have to act fast . date 18 : mr. h. still has nt taken me to the mansion . sex remains a no go , and i keep trying to be interesting . it s not working , and this date has been the weirdest of them all . he wanted to go paintballing in the woods , but that was nt how it was presented . first , he took me to a beautiful cabin . when we went inside , it was run down . he threw a bag at my feet and told me to change . i started to strip in the room , but he made change in another room with the door closed . the clothes were the least flattering thing i have ever worn . newline newline then , he took out his paintball gun and told me to run for an hour , to get as far away as possible from the cabin . that was so he could track me . i keep thinking these things are hot games to get me turned on , but it never leads to sex . but , he s rich , right ? that s what i want , is nt it ? so , i do it . i hide he finds me in 40 minutes and shoots me 8 times . he has such a big smile on his face , but it turns into a frown . newline newline he said :  very disappointing . i will have to teach you some skills to hide your tracks better . i thought you would learn naturally , but i was wrong . forget it , i ll just settle for you how you are .  newline newline this is the 8th date like this . he takes me home and promises that the next date is the big one . i am so excited . and , did you hear that ? he is going to settle for me . i can not wait . then , i tell my best friend , and she is totally honest with me and confirms my suspicions . newline newline  he s going to propose .  newline newline so dear diary , if this is my last entry , it s because i m an engaged woman or  written sarcastically  this guy is going to kill me . newline newline  newline newline if you enjoyed this , subscribe to my subreddit for more stories : rnickkuvaas .i keep thinking about the tracks . every time i m there , i keep thinking about the tracks . newline newline it would be fucked , would nt it , to inflict that on someone . i would take a step forwards and fall , and the wheels would run over the tracks and bisect me like an earthworm . the driver would see , in slow motion too quick to stop , a human being falling in front of their train . the other passengers would see the blood . they d hear whatever sound a human body makes being crushed into pieces . a thing like that could traumatize someone for life . newline newline but when it comes down to it , i do nt really care about them , do i ? not to the extent that i would let them prevent me from killing myself . i could go privately . i could buy pills . i could  i could probably not buy a gun . i could take a plastic bag and secure it around my neck . i could  i could probably not slit my wrists . newline newline because here s the funny part  i m scared of blood . i hate getting shots , i hate getting pricked , i hate paper cuts . just the  the loss of integrity of my bodily borders . i am bleeding , i am bleeding all over the place . i m exposed . my bubble s been popped . everything inside me is coming out and i m losing myself . so that s what i tell myself when i look down at the tracks . maybe it ll hurt . maybe i wo nt die . maybe i ll be conscious the whole time and feel the wheels grind down over my arm and feel it crushing flesh and bone and i ll be spurting blood out everywhere and i ll be alive , i ll still be alive bleeding out on the tracks with everyone screaming and looking down at me and i ll have to live with that for the rest of my life . newline newline maybe that s what i want . newline newline i m not suicidal , not in the conventional sense . life is not unbearable for me . i m not seeking an escape . i just have never wanted to be alive . i m just devoid of joy or longing or friends . i do nt know what it means to love another person . i do nt know what it means to connect with another person on any level whatsoever . i m a simulacrum of a human being . the god that made me forgot to turn something on . newline newline i keep thinking about the tracks . whenever i m more than three or four stories high , i feel a magnetized pull to the balcony railings , i want to tip over them and go plunging down and land on my head . and just like the tracks , maybe i survive . maybe i land wrong and shatter my legs and lie there alive on the ground , and when my parents bend over me in the hospital and cry and whisper why ,  what am i going to tell them ? newline newline mom , dad , i never loved you ? i do nt think i know how ? i m sorry you raised a cuckoo , a changeling , a foldedover piece of paper instead of a child ? newline newline the tracks are thick and grey and discolored . their surfaces are rounded , smooth . i could imagine lying against them and feeling their curve . they would be cool . they would be comforting . i d find the place they rested right against my spine . the train would come , and the wheels would spin like sawblades . it s a pit down there in the tracks . it s like they want you to jump in . newline newline maybe i need to bleed . that s the allure of it . i would tear myself apart , and maybe something worthwhile would come out . just a single act of violence . i m entitled to that , right ? people die every day . people kill themselves every day . it s no great sin to expose some people to that . it just happens , that s all it is , it just happens . it s nothing personal against you . i m sorry you had to see someone die , but it happens all the time . it s just a little bad luck on your part . newline newline it s just railings . it s just rails . it s that metal edge , the border . it s a moment of crossing over . newline newline i m not unhappy . i m not suffering . i m just so tired of being myself .november 6th newline newline i have been made aware of rumors that the local government is secretly working on agent m , a biological weapon : airborne , highly infectious , and lets you bleed to death within 24 hours . i have alerted my superiors , although i am not convinced that the local military has the necessary resources to develop bio agents . maybe they bought some cultures on the black market . anyway , this is not something you want in the hands of a thirdworld dictatorship . newline newline november 7th newline newline one of my assets confirmed that a certain laboratory did indeed procure a culture of agent m. unfortunately , he was unable to provide any further details . sometimes i wonder why we invented this weapon in the first place . it is naive to think that military secrets can not be stolen and sold . thank god for people like me who clean up the mess . newline newline november 8th newline newline the higherups have authorized a seizure operation , and we are to prevent the proliferation of any knowledge about agent m by any means necessary . that s an elaborate way to say  kill everyone and torch the place .  desperate times call for desperate measures . an outbreak would easily become global , and there is no viable antiserum . newline newline november 9th newline newline the mission was a complete success . we assaulted the lab complex as planned and neutralized all resistance within minutes . i think we took them completely by surprise . there were just a few scientists in white lab coats . well , not so white any more . newline newline a minor incident occurred when we were about the destroy the vials with agent m and a few other unknown substances . one of the fatally wounded scientists grabbed my boot and said a single word in his native language . i think it meant medicine . well , there is no cure for a fatal gut wound , so i put him out of his misery . then we deployed the incendiary bomb , disposed of our weapons , and returned to base . newline newline everything went textbook , and yet i can not help thinking that something is off . maybe it s just nerves . i have scheduled a return flight tonight for a full debrief at home tomorrow . commercial flight , economy class . budgetary reasons , they said . at least i m going to see my family again . newline newline addendum :  newline i boarded the plane , and i figured it out . there were no dispersal systems to deploy agent m. whatever those guys were doing , they were definitely not building a weapon . but if they were not planning to use agent m , what were they doing ? newline newline i just realized that my nose is bleeding . newlinelife is really unfair to mothers . from the moment young girls hit puberty , their bodies are racked with pain , their days inconvenienced once a month until they become pregnant . after that , it s 9 months of all sorts of horrible things that would make alexander the great whine like a baby until this helpless parasite shoots out her private parts . after that , she s stuck with this leech for the next 18 years or so , giving up her life and her identity for this thing . newline newline mothers have become some sort of monolithic entity , no longer individuals . mothers are no longer people , merely backgrounds for jokes and occasional praise from some athlete or celebrity . newline newline and now this . now this curse , by or from whom no one knows , has made mothers the target . it s bad enough mothers are society s buttmonkeys . it s totally random . no one knows which mother s back will be broken when someone dares to step on a crack . newline newline it s nice that the government has finally done something about the state of the roads and sidewalks , you know , in between the wars and moneymaking ventures and things like that . it s really nice , but that does nt stop some dumb kid , either as a joke or completely by accident , from stepping on a damn crack . newline newline and now , here i am in the hospital , unable to move . i ca nt talk , i ca nt speak . i ca nt communicate in any way . just stuck here with my thoughts , just me , over and over again . i ca nt afford one of those computer thingies , like what hawking has . single moms ca nt afford that kind of shit . all because some asshole stepped on a crack . newline newline my sons , now adults , talk over my body , limp in the hospital bed . they speak of putting me out of my misery . they speak of overcrowded hospitals , filled with broken mothers who have a better chance than i do  many are much younger . i hear them say these things , but what they mean is that i am a burden . they do nt think of my burdens . they do nt think of the pain and misery i ve had to go through first as a girl , then as a woman and after that as a mother . they think only of themselves . that is fine . i have nowhere else to go . nothing left to do . i have done my part . and in then end , when they write in that little section of the newspaper about what i did in my life , they can save money on print as it reads  charlene rose , mother of 2 , died thursday afternoon . she will be missed . berttttttttt berttttttttt berttttttttt newline newline a hand rising up in startled flash and dropping like a timber being fell , directly and with muscle memory accuracy upon the snooze button . another day , another bunch of obligations . newline newline tim slide the covers off , opened his yawning mouth and rubbed his eyes as he did every day . lifting himself out of bed , he went to the shower , took his shirt off and suddenly saw upon his back the number 31  . being the sort tim was , he took it upon himself to express his surprise with a  fuck me . what the fuck is that  . peering closer and closer by minute , raising his tension about the situation . now with medicine cabinet mirror also gaining different angles on the phenomena , as tim is a problem solver . newline newline after about fifteen good minutes of observation , tim being the sort he is , decides its certainly an odd phenomena and starts showering for work  where he can try to wash it off . you can rest assured this bothered him all day . he told no one . newline newline berttttttttt berttttttttt berttttttttt newline newline a hand rising up in startled flash and dropping like a timber being fell , directly and with muscle memory accuracy upon the snooze button.another day , another bunch of obligations . newline newline tim slide the covers off , opened his yawning mouth and rubbed his eyes as he did every day . got up , went to the shower , took his shirt off and suddenly it reads 30  on his back . being the sort tim was , he took it upon himself to express his surprise with a  this is getting too weird   while peering closer and with more scrutiny for the situation . still with medicine cabinet mirror also gaining different angles on the phenomena . he explores the phenomena for another 15 minutes before going going off to shower and to try to scrub it off once more . you can rest assured this bothered him all day , and it was hard to sleep that night . he told no one . newline newline newline berttttttttt berttttttttt berttttttttt newline newline a hand rising up in startled flash and dropping like a timber being fell , directly and with muscle memory accuracy upon the snooze button.another day , another bunch of obligations . newline newline he jumps out of bed , and runs to the mirror . lifting his shirt he sees the number 29  . he knows .  this has to be the countdown to halflife 3   . tim was that sort of guy . i m just not myself til i ve had my morning coffee .  the junkie said scratching at her neck rapidly . newline newline i nodded to myself as i added the milk , steam poured off in a familiar hiss . the junkies pupils dilated and the scratching intensified . newline newline  one triple shot , no whip , extra cream , whole milk , mocha latte .  i said calmly setting the piping hot drink down on the counter . the junkie counted out thirty dollars in crumpled up ones and loose change . newline newline  pleasure doing business with you .  i said happily scooping up the sweaty , smelly dollars and coins . newline newline the junkie snatched the coffee and scurried off to consume her beverage . newline newline my shop operated out a secret room behind a dry cleaner . mr. han , ran it for me while i sold my specialty wares out of the back . there was a hidden entrance in the alley that the junkies could use to sneak in and get their drinks . my private clientele used the dry cleaner entrance after giving mr. han the password . newline newline i heard the bell ring indicating that someone had entered the dry cleaners . i looked down at the small monitor below the counter that showed a camera s feed of the store front . a man in an expensive looking suit was dropping of shirts off for dry cleaning . i could see the two men exchange words but could nt make them out . probably telling mr. han how much starch to use , or that he needed the lip stick removed from his collar before his wife saw it . the usual . newline newline in a blur the man in the expensive suit drew a pistol from inside his jacket . i heard the gunshot and saw mr. han s body fall backward . men in uniforms poured into the dry cleaners . dea . newline newline shit ! i grabbed the small money box from beneath the counter and turned to run out of the hidden alley entrance . a large muscular man kicked open the door . his bullet proof vest had dea written in large white bold letters . newline newline  get down on the ground !  he shouted . newline newline i reached behind my back and fumbled underneath the counter . newline newline  hands up scum bag !  he shouted again . newline newline my fingers found what they were searching for . i threw the money box at the dea agent and swung the sawed off shotgun around and fired . the buckshot tore into the man s chest . blood sprayed out of the gaping hole onto the wall . i picked the money box back up and stepped over the corpse . newline newline  should have just asked for a shot of espresso instead .  newline newline i walked into the alley . to my left was the main street with a mass of people streaming down the sidewalk to work . another failed attempt at arresting the barista . i stepped into the crowd and disappeared . newline newline newline   newline newline get a coffee and read rwritten4reddit newline newline newline newline9:00 a.m. newline newline despite having no friends , no life , no education no job , and no prospects , despite the israelgaza conflict , a large ebola outbreak , the looming energy crisis , global warming , and the sheer horror of being alive in this day and age , this morning , i woke up happy , for today would be my most exciting event : an annoucement about half life 3 . newline newline i am not normally one to get excited about a game annoucement , especially if it is my first time hearing about it  usually there is a feeling of trepidation about stepping outside my comfort zone , but today , it is notably absent . perhaps because i have been following this series since its inception , living the steam lifestyle in preparation , and becoming fully engrossed by the user community . the experience has been like a second birth to me , and the annoucement of hl3 is the wonderful culmination . newline newline but i should back up . for those of you who have been living normal , healthy lives , half life 3 , also known as hl3 is the single most anticipated valve release of all time , packed with new features that would surely leave its competitors  the monolithic ea and agile activision blizzard  stunned and possibly bleeding as it whizzes by in a blur of growing market share and spots . newline newline valve corp. , the bellevuebased video game company behind the half life series , burst into the public view in 1998 with the introduction of the phenomenally popular half life 1 . valve then followed up that success with steam and halflife 2 , which has sold a whopping 12 million units since its 2004 debut . today , valve hopes to leverage that success to bootstrap its longstagnant fps engine , source . newline newline for the last decade , the source engine has maintained a relatively constant number of updates . in recent months , however , increasing disillusionment with the new drm in recent games has pushed more and more people into valve s open arms , but the uptake has been slow . the release of the halflife 3 , valve hopes , will be the impetus for users to peek beyond the simple familiarity of far crycall of dutyetc . drawn by the prospect of a bigger and better world , they will slowly venture beyond their thatched grass huts into the thrilling unknown . the halflife 3 will then snatch them up and drag them into its stylish and intuitive tree to feast . newline newline or so it is planned . but will valve be able to succeed where so many others have failed ? will it finally be able to wrest control of the fps world from the habitual sequels ? yes , of course . but it is my duty as a gamer to show , not just tell . so join me as i prepare to drink deeply of the gabe newell koolaid and plunge myself into the halflife 3 , to prove this valve revolution is truly the way of the future .i should nt have enjoyed it , really , not nearly as much as i had , anyway . and it is nt like i enjoyed it the way one enjoys something like sex with strangers  in the moment , and nothing more . no , i enjoyed it with an obsessive passion . from the moment they handed me a rifle and told me to shoot , i knew i could nt be stopped , not now . while all my friends back home were gettin  high off methamphetamine and opioids , i was getting high off the real stuff  violence . pure , adrenaline induced violence . newline newline hell , it did nt matter who they told me to shoot  or who they did nt tell me to . love has no limits . age , gender , race , sex , none of it mattered . i love it all , and whoever was in my way , well , simply was nt , not for long anyway . newline newline the blood was the best part . spilling out onto the neon lit dance floor  a myriad of technoir color turned red by the blood of everyone around me . newline it was the greatest time of my life . i did nt care anymore , either , that the war had ended , that i was back home , or even that i was killing my own people .  no , it did nt matter . a meat cleaver in a foreign terrorists skull is the same thing as a meat cleaver in a homegrown one s skull , really . newline newline the best part ? nobody knew who i was , or who i worked for either . masks  ingenious , really , and different ones every time , too . chicken , owl , wolf , lion , hell , i d even wear a unicorn , it did nt matter . all that mattered was i got the call , and i knew who to kill . newline newline just gim me a call . newline newline omg omg omg ! ! ! ! ! ! steakkkkkkkkk ! ! ! ! ! gim me gim me gim me ! i m a goof boy !  meatball proceeded to devour his medium rare skirt steak in two bites . he never believed in chewing . even when he was just a baby mutt he would eat scraps that were double his size . eventually he grew to become a giant german shepard husky mix suffering from an identity crisis as a prancing pony . newline newline  i ca nt believe the day we had ! i got to bark at seagulls at the beach , you let me sniff that poodle s butt at the doggy park , we watched despicable me while you gave me that back rub , oh man , oh man , what s next mom ? ! can we get soft serve vanilla icecream ? ! ? ! ? oh man !  newline newline  yes meatball , we will get anything you want , if you re up for it .  newline newline  yes ! i m up for everything ? ! this is the best day ever ! i mean , we always have great days everyday . but they re even better on talk days ! and i know we ve only had that one other talk day when i was 35 , but that was an awesome day ! ! ! ! !  newline newline we stopped by baskin robbins on the way and picked up the soft serve . i brought a little bowl for his water for when he got thirsty . when we were done we got into the car  meatball shoved his head out the window for maximum wind surfing effect . newline newline i parked , shut off the car  took a deep breath . newline newline  mom , you ve been talking to me about this for a month now . it s okay . i m ready . it s just sleeping for a long time right ? we ll be together playing catch when you turn 70 too right ? maybe before then , you said ?  newline newline  i hope so .  i tried to smile but my head was pounding from my efforts to keep the tears from falling out . i usually ca nt carry meatball . i used to not be able to carry meatball but the cancer took a toll on his weight . so i opened the back door and heaved him onto myself to walk him inside the house where his vet was waiting . she said some consoling words , telling us to take our time . i looked at meatball  he just panted . newline newline  you smell so sad mom , it s okay . really . i just ... could you please just stay with me until i fall asleep ? could you tell me a story ? one where i conquer the evil squirrel who kept on stealing my treats last summer . i never did find him . lost his scent ...  newline newline i was half way through telling him the story when he said ,  i love you mom .  newline newline  i love you too  i chocked out as i held my best friend .  i know mom . thanks for the great talk day ,  he whispered .  you can give the squirrel my toys . but keep one so you do nt forget me . i do nt want you to have to sniff the other dogs  butts when you re looking for me in heaven . some of them do nt wipe properly on the grass .  newline newline  okay , buddy . but i could never forget you .  newline newline  i know . i d finally bagged that big elk i ve been stalking for days ! a storm had moved in and the big bull was skittish as the winds picked up and took away it s sense of smell . it lay at the edge of a large field just short of the thick dense forest . i was far from my cabin , two solid days hike . it would be a herculean task to get this elk back to the cabin in less than five days especially if this storm dropped some early season snow . after i clean the elk , i would build a sled to drag the whole carcass back to the cabin . use everything except the squeak as my grandma used to say . as i started in on the bull , i was just about ready to make the first cut with my knife when a loud crack startled me . i started to turn my head and then a flash of light followed with darkness . newline newline eyes closed , bright light i squinted as i sat up and looked around . i was naked in a field of knee high grass . it was similar to the place i was just at , just off somehow . the air was pungent causing me to vomit . i stood up and said out loud ,  what the fuck , where am i and why am i naked  ? a translucent screen appeared instantly in front of me and i jolted backwards . i looked up , a disembodied voice spoke out ,  for your crimes you have been sent to hell 2.9.1.666  . the screen showed a video of me leaning over the elk i had just killed . now i know what that crack was , a fucking tree . i was killed by a fucking tree . how embarrassing ! the voice on the screen went on to explain that i can die here but will be respawned to this original location to essentially start over for eternity . i would retain all the knowledge i accrued up to the point i died but lose all physical objects gained . man i hate these types of games . next the screen went on to explain that essentially , there are alot of large toothy meat eating creatures as well as other damned souls and they may or may not try to kill you . it kept talking on and on blah blah blah , eventually i just walked away into the woods and grabbed some nice sharp rocks and started on a spear and an axe . i guess its caveman style from now on . newline i built a small platform up in dense pine tree about 25ft up , just big enough to sleep on . a layer of dry grass to make it more comfortable should do the trick . i could see the clearing very well from my location but it was hard to see my fort from the clearing . i should be well hidden from marauding animals , demons and damned souls . i had taken great care not to trample the grass and forest floor around my fort , i do nt want to lead any demon spawn back to my place after all . i crafted all kinds of shit that i would need to defend myself , an obsidian knife , spears , a bow and arrow and some throwing axes . newline newline it seemed like i worked for days and days before i was finally tired enough to sleep . as i laid down to sleep i thought of my wife and kids and the last time i saw them , their beautiful smiles as they turned back to say ,  see you tomorrow night at the cabin dad , love you !  as i drifted off , thoughts turned to the trial and devilish grin on the face of my family s murderer . he looked over at me and smiled , he knew he was going to get off and so did i. i made sure he would . when the trial was over , the media surrounded me and i played the part of the tortured father saying  we ll see him in court again and see that justice is served  . all the while , i was plotting my revenge . newline newline a few months later , i started following him , learning his patterns and his thought processes . i watched the detectives watching him . but soon afterwards the cops stopped watching , the media died down and my family was forgotten by everyone except me . i could tell he had another mark planned but he would never kill again . as he gently closed his car door that night , ready to go into the girls house to kill her , i got him . no fancy drugs or choke holds , just a plain old fashioned cast iron pan . i tied him up , gagged him , stuffed him in the trunk and took him up to the cabin . he survived for three weeks , but by the end there was not much left of him . i broke him , he confessed to raping and killing 15 women . in his one bold moment , he bragged that he raped my wife before he slit her throat while the kids watched . that was the last time i felt emotions of any kind . the anger and pain welled up inside . i beat him within an inch of his life before i calmed down . both the pain and anger faded , replaced with a little bit of happiness that i felt when i watched him writhing in pain as i cut off his arms and cauterized the stumps with a propane torch . i went to a deep dark place then . i fed him alive to the wolves and grizzlies . i had snapped , i  ll admit that , but i was healing in the wildness of nature until the fucking tree . now i was stuck in hell for eternity . as i fell into unconsciousness darkness set in . newline newline i was startled awake by a scream and some yelling . by the dim red moon i could make out two men on horseback chasing down another man in the clearing . the taller of the two men swung something and the man  s head went in another direction . must have been a sword , hmmm that  s interesting they have at least medieval weapons here . while they packed up the poor bastard  s corpse i overheard everything they said . the jist is , they  re cannibals , live a half a days ride over the hills in a small encampment of about 20 people . all bad bad people . as i quietly gathered my tools and climbed down the tree , a smile cracked on my face , it seems i have a new purpose in death in hell.2.wtf . newline no , no , no !  the hot end of a cigar was stubbed out on a polaroid print of a photograph , burning through to the charred desk below .  parker ! this is a dutch angle , we ca nt put this out to press tomorrow . we need calming shots of spiderman , we need , we need nice profile shots . we need shots of him kissing babies and helping old ladies across the street . you pick up the daily bugle and see this picture of spiderman towering over you you re gon na put it back down again .  newline newline the photo in question was rolled into a ball and thrown into a trash can under mr jameson s desk , to become company to many more photographs that too had giant burns in the middle .  i do nt know how you do it kid , but you ve got to get back out there and get me nice pictures of spiderman .  a wad of photographs were picked up and shoved into a stuttering young mans chest ,  and do nt come back till you get them .  a puff of cigar smoke punctuated the sentence and young photographer peter parker was shoved back out the door he d come through in a silent and nonphysical manner . newline newline the photographs were pocketed and the door was quietly clicked shut behind him as peter parker was delivered from the smoking hell of jjj and into the waiting arms of editorinchief , robbie .  peter ,  older and slightly taller than parker , he played a fatherly role to those around who had trouble understanding jjj s strange opinion on spiderman  are you alright ?  the editorinchief was the balance between public opinion and james jonah jameson s positive ideas about spiderman .  i know he can be harsh but you ve just got to put up with it . the real world will get through to him one day and he ll come to understand that spiderman is a menace this city does nt need .  newline newline young peter parker gave an awkward half smile like a young boy caught in a life lesson he did nt want to hear . robbie continued ,  take the night off , we ve got plenty of other stories we can run . the people will get sick if spiderman is the front splash every day .  and so that s what the young man did , peter parker took the rest of the day off and was home to his uncle ben before 4 oclock . today was an anniversary that he and his uncle thought about all year , every year , though never could it be thought of as a celebration . newline newline james jonah jameson was the last man out of the building , as he normally was . the night was dark and the sun had been replaced by the moon and streetlamps . the drive home was nt long , nor was it eventful , sometimes he would see spiderman swinging overhead and drive home with a smile on his face knowing his city was safe . however , ninetynine percent of the time he would see no one overhead for the entire trip , but never did this discourage him . he would still lean his head forwards to look up through the top of the windshield with a sense of childlike wonder , hoping . newline newline the door to his home was already open when he arrived , two silhouettes stood against the bright light of the hallway in his home , both moved to meet him at varying speeds .  daddy , daddy !  cried the smaller figure as she wrapped jjjs middle in a small but firm hug .  mattie !  jjj laughed , hugging his arms over her shoulders while still standing .  daddy , daddy ! look , i drew this for you .  she called , perhaps only four or five years old , she held up a piece of paper with a familiar figure on it , red , and blue and holding hands with two other figures .  look look , i even drew your cibar , see ? !  she waved the paper around as the second , taller figure started to move past them . even babysitters had to sleep some time , and as ever , jjj was late home again . newline newline  mattie , that s wonderful  a quiet thank you jessica  was whispered in between the chunks of his sentence as the taller woman brushed past him , she met his thanks with a nod and turned down the street to find her car . jonah s attention was easily turned back to his foster daughter ,  you re a regular little spidergirl are nt you ?  he took her hand and led her back into the house where her drawing was pinned onto the fridge with a little magnet , shaped like spidermans head . the magnet was a little frayed on top and bottom as before it hung on his fridge , the words  i survived new york s menace  surrounded the face and had to be cut off with scissors . unfortunately , no where sold normal spiderman magnets so jjj had to improvise . newline newline his evenings were always quiet , there never seemed to be any trouble on this side of town , not that he ever noticed . mattie would run around the house , throwing her arms into the air and making quiet  pssh  sounds while her adoptive father smoked and read the newspaper in his chair . the flicker of a streetlamp outside drew his attention back to a framed photograph kept on the table right next to his usual sitting spot , glasses and a brown bob that flicked out at the end . a smile , a pretty face that was now , just a photograph . newline newline mattie ran into the room and his attention snapped back to her , every single night that streetlight would flicker and every single night mattie would claim it was spiderman . jjj would never have the heart to tell his daughter that spiderman would never venture this far out into the suburbs , and every time she would drag him to the window to show him the empty street outside . there was no good way to tell your child that their superhero was nt there , so all he could ever muster was  maybe he ll be outside tomorrow .  newline newline this was usually a good indication it was mattie s bedtime , something she was comfortable with  knowing  spiderman was outside .  when i grow up , i want to be just like spiderman .  she d say , every night as he tucked her in . he d smile and turn the light off , night light left on of course . two night lights in fact , a red one on one side of the room , and a blue one on the other . it was the closest he could find . then he d go to bed himself , a double bed with a single person in . newline newline news never stopped , and if he could keep going , neither would he . he d have to be up early tomorrow , there were always stories to be ran . even if the public thought spiderman was a menace , james jonah jameson knew what he believed and he knew what he wanted . he would leave no monsters in this world for his child to be afraid of . he knew that children should never have to deal with monsters . newline newline   newline newline i do nt actually read spiderman , so i hope this is nt too terrible .    newline newline i also do nt proof read , aaaaaaa .it is the end of all things . newline in that moment , you will feel fear . you will feel hopeless . you may even feel pain . but then , the release of it all . oh the glory of it all ! all those good memories . that first summer that you remember as a child . the warm air with breeze made just right . your mothers laughter , your fathers smile . you remember the life of all good things . getting into the school you wanted . studying what you wanted to study . meeting the girl of your dreams . settling down somewhere , all happy and stable . you made this land your home , or as close to home as could be . you lost friends and gained new ones . you stayed up to watch scary movies as a child , and now had stayed up to watch documentaries . you had a family . bright like their mother , with the laugh of their father . this life has been good has nt it ? and suddenly , a single tear is brought from this . the tear holds all things good within it . it cascades down your cheek . you breathe in and out , knowing that you have done the best that you could ever do with the world you were given . newline newline the monitor beeps slowly , ever so slowly . and finally nothing . the girl of your dreams , weeps . the golden children , stand by her side to comfort her . the too let out a single tear , filled with all things good in this world .the clock reads ten till two , and david is bored . he looks at the front of the room where the teacher is marking up the board with numbers david does nt understand . in the center is a circle and all kinds of symbols david has seen a hundred times yet he still does nt understand . he looks back at his sheet of paper , almost untouched . this class will last until three , that s an hour and ten minutes of staring at a blank piece of paper and ignoring the drone from the front of the class . newline newline he checks the clock , but it s still ten till two . newline newline faced with the options , insanity from boredom and doing actual work , he has a difficult decision to make . newline newline he picks up the pencil and starts doodling . newline newline the simple fact is that david , while not a moron , is exceptionally poor at math . the numbers mix together in the air between the teacher and him , and enter one side of his head just to leave through the other . math just does nt make sense to him , and the symbols on the board are as close to gibberish as it gets , so david starts with the only thing he recognizes : a circle . newline newline now , david s no fool . he knows how to make a circle geometry has always been more art than math to him and he takes time to get out a compass and carefully make a perfect little circle . if he were paying attention he might know that the circle he created was something special but , again , david is not a smart child and he sees the circle as just that : nothing of importance , just a doodle on a page . even when he cuts himself finishing the circle , the compass roughly tearing the tip of finger spraying miniture droplets of blood across the paper , he sees nothing special about the day . he does nt hear the singing , softly drifting in on winds unheeded . he does nt see the circle of graphite shrink and shape , settling into the paper and the very desk beneath it . newline newline and he starts drawing symbols , he does nt notice that they re very different from the ones on the board . newline newline david copies everything he can see down as well as he can , as if some universal understanding of the objects of mathematical power would be transferred to him by the writing of it . the symbol for pi became squiggles , xs and 7s and 8s and even 2s were mistranslated onto the paper , all along the circle . and as the teacher droned on about how to find the area of a circle , david s circle began to glow . newline newline the singing was loud enough for david to hear it now , a soft melody drifting in on the wind from the air conditioner . to david it seemed they were singing his name a sweet tone of daaaavvvviiiiid  ad infinitum . newline newline the song grows even louder and david is scared now  scared that the people around him do nt hear anything , scared that the circle is glowing , scared that the runes are beginning to swirl around the circle like they re being flushed down the drain . newline newline and at this moment something clicks in david s head . a forceful intuition works its way into the cogs and gears of his mind , like the instinct that drives all the salmon in the world to the same lake , and acting on such instinct he opens his hand and slams his palm into the center of the circle . newline newline the paper glowed brighter than the sun no , the sun and everything else dimmed as the light from the paper grew and the room around david slowed . the world around david slowed . newline newline and from the paper came a power , an almost solid energy that flowed into david s arm , glowing under his skin like radioactive blood . he pointed to the board in the front , covered with the teacher s sloppy handwriting , and clicked his fingers like he would when pretending to fire a gun . newline newline the energy poured forth from his arm and leaked across the room , a stream of smokey light . it covered the board , all across the slick white surface it spread , until it had covered the entirety of it . newline newline and then david blinked , and time around him unlocked , the world started spinning yet again , the sun returned to its glory , and the birds again started singing outside . newline newline but the beautiful voices that had called his name were no longer singing . and the paper was a burnt up frame missing the original circle . newline newline the only evidence that it had been real besides the feeling of the energy entering him was drawn across the board : the teacher , bald head and all , was illustrated in great detail . the ... terrible situation , for lack of a better word , he found himself in was in perhaps even greater detail . newline newline and no one had a clue what had happened . the teacher fumbled to erase the drawing , and was quick to throw accusations across the room at the usual troublemakers . david just chuckled and looked at the clock before laying his head on the desk . newline newline 2:05 , just fortyfive minutes left . newline newline in his sleep , david dreams of the voices . and when he wakes up their tone rings quietly in the back of his head .was i the person that ended the world ? maybe . or maybe the world was already doomed , and all it needed was a genius entrepreneur to put the final nail in the coffin . i do nt know what one is the truth , but either way i feel somewhat responsible for the dark events of march 11th , soon to be known as ... doomsday . newline newline i used to work at a small icecream parlour in downtown toronto , getting paid near nothing , and not really caring about my shitty job . across the street from me was a huge cathedral , and every sunday i would watch everyone leaving service go into the basement , and feed on the assortment of treats and drinks . this place always had a huge supply of the food , but never once did they ever buy my stand s icecream . that s when i had the brilliant idea to try and market a new flavour just for the catholic market . newline newline i claimed the icecream was made with holy milk , and the cone to be the body of christ . the first sunday i stood outside with my sign ready , preparing for the new customers , but no one came . i thought the idea was genius , but apparently not . i felt like giving up , and i wish i did . for the next few weeks i advertised the shit out of my new flavour , and after nearly harassing the church goers , i got my first person interested , and it was the brother of the minister . he told me that he loved the idea , and that he would spread the word . newline newline things were looking up , life was turning around . the next day i had an actual line of customers all wanting the holy cream , and the sacred cone , and it was a monday . things only escalated from there , and before i knew it i was on the news , and had over 50 different parlours around the country . newline newline then the competitors came , flavours claiming theirs was for other religions . once that started to take off , the actual vatican made their official ice cream , and then israel , and then mecca , and then so on . i was losing business in an industry i created ! but i was nt done yet , there was a market that had nt been tapped , atheists . but what would their flavour be like ? it would be dairy free , something to set them apart . newline newline this was actually very successful , until it started getting criticism , and once that happened , every one did . it s like the world finally realized how dumb this icecream thing was , but it was too late . the world was now nearly 60  ice cream controlled . we were at the brink of war , ice creamers versus the whole breeds . the tension was strong , and borders closed . newline newline then on the night of march 9th the news declared that the icecream pope had killed the catholic pope in his sleep . it was a declaration of war , only to be the start of the end . the peace between the flavor factions snapped and there was blood . canada  s bacon faction gunned down by the muslim vanilla  s , and them by the chinese red bean . this went on for one entire day of global war , until the 11th , when it all ended . dairy bombs had been set off by the new us icecream government , and soon enough everyone set theirs off , plunging the world into a tasty ice age . newline newline now there are few of us , and even we are nt safe . instead of helping each other , the survivors are still fighting for the better flavor . i  m part of the cherry faction , alliance with the pistachio and mint . the chocolate faction , one of the largest , is attacking our hideout . i need to go . if anyone is out there listening to this broadcast , don  t lose hope , unless you  re a fucking chocolate bar flavour you traitor . newline newline time to ascend to valhnilla . newline newline  newline newline if you enjoyed reading this , you might like my other work at ralduit and  my free horror book   http : www.amazon.caganamalevelesebookdpb01elre9ze ? ieutf8  keywordsganama  qid1462365945  refsr11  sr81  excuse me ?  i spat , incredulous , newline newline  you killed him .   rang the accusation again , seemingly sucking all the air out of the room . geez , was there a hull breach ? newline newline i pensively withdrew my ar spectacles from my nose and pointedly clapped shut my notes , striding around from behind the podium to approach the high seat . it was nt until that moment that i recognized that what i was feeling was rage . newline newline  just who do you think you re referring to ... ? we  ?  i interjected a pregnant pause , casting a disgusted glare around the room  at all the gazes in their myriad forms doubtless glaring back .  us ? do you mean our species  ? do you mean our government  ? do you mean perchance our civilization  ? well if those are your criteria then i have some rather inconvenient news for you , o assembled cardinals of the celestial order : when you dropped your messiah on the world my kin call our home , there was hardly even a type zero civilization that had just barely begun to grasp the concept of agriculture . he landed in a conflict territory where multiple factions of savages were operating intentionally on a lexicon of anger and hate , and none of them historically appreciated someone undermining their brutality . what did you think ignorant , violent bigots would do ? what you re failing to realize is : this is why they re extinct now . the terran federation s populace has nt been genetically compatible with the protohumans of that era for thousands of years . the government that conducted this unspeakable brutality atrophied and crumbled to dust a mere few hundred years thereafter  a blink , i remind you !  so let me put this into terms you understand ...  newline newline i composed myself , drawing up my posture and quieting my voice , though it still seethed  we did nt fail your messiah . our predecessors did , and then immediately proceeded in a long , agonizing descent to destroy themselves . need i remind you that we ,  on the other hand , have had to come as far as we did without your messiah .  newline newline i paced back toward the podium and collected my materials , my tone drifting conversational now .  we have survived this long fumbling blind in this universe , unraveling its functions and properties by sheer observation alone . if you insist on mistaking us for those foul heretics upon whose accursed bones we have painstakingly built everything we have , alone ,  without your aid or guidance ,  i made a point of reequipping my smart glasses , before gravely delivering my closing .  then i suppose we ll happily stay that way . you can continue arguing against our dead ancestors in our absence if you wish , but our part of this conversation is over .  newline newline and then i took my sweet time strolling out . i half expected them to stop me , but given the arrogance and selfentitlement endemic to the profession of literally representing god  ... well , let s just say that i had faith my species was nt important enough to be worth their trouble . at least my faith in that was wellplaced . really dude ? james bond ? you look like a total tool .  newline newline  what do you mean , man ? this costume is amazing . look i even have a water gun filled with vodka !  jason squirted vodka all over his friends face . newline newline  awh dude it fucking burns !  jd exclaimed brushing the seemingly hot liquid off of his face . newline newline  yeah who is lame now shitbag ?  jason confidently squirted some vodka in his mouth grinning at his best friend still squinting through burning eyes . newline newline  hey jason !  a cheerful voice explained from behind him . immediately he recognized the voice and instantly began to feel his face become hot . he knew before even turning around that the voice belonged to melanie conley , easily the cutest girl at hampton senior high . newline newline  hey..melanie  jason managed to choke out as he turned around to see here dressed as a bumble bee with a little black bow on top . her short black skirt barely making it to the tips of her fingers .  what a sight  jason thought to himself . newline newline  who are you supposed to be ?  melanie inquired . newline newline  the names bond , james bond  he knew as the words left his mouth that it was way cheesier than he had intended . what a disaster this was turning out to be . newline newline  no , no , no ! you re missing the most important part !  newline she reached to the top of her luscious light brown hair and tugged the bow from her curls . the fell down around her face as she took a step toward jason . panicked jason was motionless as melanie walked up to him and wrapped the bow around his neck , buttoning the final button on his tux and cinching the bow snug against his neck .  the bow tie !  she exclaimed happily . newline newline suddenly the panic vanished . he could think so clearly . his eyes raced around the room and jason quickly had a map drawn of the area in his head before melanie even had her hands off of his chest . he kept forward grabbing melanie by the waist and tackling her to the ground . screaming the whole time the whole party was immediately drawn to the commotion .  we have to go melanie  jason said calmly as he moved away from the window in the kitchen . newline newline  what.. what are you talking about jason ? why did you tackle me ?  newline newline  my name is nt jason , i m an undercover agent from a secret organization that protects high value targets all over the globe . my designator is julietfoxtrot94 . you are the target i need to protect tonight .  newline newline  okay jason i ve had enough of this leave me alone !  she shouted as she began to stand up . newline newline jason sprung back into action grabbing melanie s arm and tugging her away from the window . a loud crash came from the window and some screams from the next room . jason peaked around the corner to see jd lying on the floor covered in blood . newline newline  judging by the hole in his chest we are dealing with a m40a1 sniper or something with a similar bore . we need to get away from this house . that weapon is an effective kill at up to 800 meters .  newline newline jason sprung up . grabbing melanie and tucking her close in front of her . he shoved robin hood in front of the window and started to run for the front door . he did nt bother to glance back , he heard two rounds and knew both had hit the decoy .  two snipers ?  jason said allowed .  you must be some target melanie .  newline newline melanie was awestruck . totally silent as the man she once knew as jason escorted her to his car . newline newline  you just killed chris !  she yelled as the tires of the car began to squeal . newline newline  you are the target , my job is to protect you at all costs . even other human life  calmly jf94 raced down the road . shifting gears when necessary weaving in and out of traffic . newline newline  slow down ! you are going to get us killed !  melanie was in full panic watching the lights of the highway whizz by at a speed she did nt even know was possible . newline newline  i have over 200 hours of advanced driving training in this vehicle . i have taken it apart , cleaned , and reassembled every part of this car . the real danger of death here is about 150 meters behind us  newline newline melanie turned to see headlights in the distance making the same erratic movements that she could feel the car making .  go faster !  melanie now realizing the amount of danger she was in . newline newline fj94 glanced across the seat at her silently shifting into 6th gear approaching 160mph dodging traffic that appeared to be standing still .  do nt worry , our ride is almost here  newline newline  our ride ? what do  newline newline melanie was cut off by an explosion of wind as bullets knocked the back window of the vehicle out . glass flying all over due to the immense wind now entering the cabin . newline newline  melanie i need you to grab the case under your seat . right now . chop chop  newline newline she mechanically leaned down and pulled a case from under her seat . newline newline  open it  he demanded . newline newline she opened the case to see a gun sitting in it with two extra clips . newline newline  load it , cmon hurry up .  newline newline  i ve never don  another wave of bullets came flying into the cabin .  ahhh !  newline newline her hands fumbling as she assembled the puzzle in front of her and handed the gun to him shaking all the time . newline newline fj94 opened the windows that were left in the car and leaned out shooting at the tires of a car that he was quickly approaching . with 30 meters before he would overtake the road he saw the tire explode . he adjusted his course slightly as the car began to rocket to the left . missing his car by less than a meter . he could hear the screams of the woman in his passenger seat but it did nt seem to phase him . he glanced at his rear view mirror just in time to see the car that had been following him slam into the side of the car he had shot at just seconds before . newline newline  alright , you can relax now . i think we are in the clear . newline newline melanie began to throw up into the case she had sitting on her lap . newline newline newline newline newlinenadiran looked down at the planet that was home to seven billion lunatics . the continent they called south america was gone  cleanly excised from existence  bulldozed , leveled , sunk  washed over now by the mingled waters of the oceans it had once divided . on another landmass , the city of shanghai was on fire  from nadiran  s vantage , it looked like a great white geysering puff had sprung up from the surface  the upper layer of smoke obscuring the black and red inferno that ravened underneath . newline newline  should we put it out ? it  s spitting pollutants like no tomorrow . cleanup will be so much harder if we leave it all until the end.  nadiran looked at his partner , scratching his eyelid with a tentacle . it twitched whenever he was stressed , and then the twitching turned into itching , and by the time this was all over , his eyelashes would flake for months  he just knew it . newline newline  we might as well ,  said traxin .  it doesn  t seem to have discouraged them.  he tapped two glowing icons on the panel before him , and the six russian missiles that had been launched towards their ship popped into nonbeing .  i mean , they keep flinging these toys at us . it  s completely illogical  they  ve shot more than three hundred of these things our way , and not one of them has hit . why do they keep trying ?  newline newline  this species is crazy.  nadiran applied some balm to his eyelid  miserably attempting to soothe at least the swelling . they were stumped . one would have thought that the vaporization of an entire continent would have triggered a surrender , but it hadn  t . that was why headquarters had suggested immolating a major city instead . perhaps the vaporization had been too quick , too sterile . flames were much more dramatic  it would give their news channels some terrible images to broadcast , with lots of screaming and running . surely that would make the point . newline newline it was becoming clear that it had not . newline newline  try another message ,  said traxin . he plipplipplipped at a few switches , then pulled up the mouthpiece and angled it towards nadiran .  go on . you  ve got better delivery than me.  newline newline  humans ,   said nadiran , leaning into the device ,  resistance is futile .  how is this not obvious ? you have a zero percent chance of stopping us . would you all just settle down ? domesticated life as freerange livestock is really not that bad . we at intergalactic meats take very good care of our animals , and pride ourselves for our ethical methods of slaughter . moreover , as a crueltyfree operation , you would all live until twenty two . the thought of baby meat is distasteful , really  i have no idea how you lot stomach veal and lamb . that is so cruel.  newline newline three more missiles came zooming their way . traxin removed them .  by the spare ribs of the roast god  these creatures are completely addled . remind me why we can  t just wipe the current herd , and raise a new one from scratch ?  newline newline  we don  t do gmo , traxin . we do organic meats . we do chemical free , natural feed , and plenty of comfort and freedom  happy meat is tasty meat , remember ?  newline newline  well , if they keep to their hysterics , we  ll end up with a decimated headcount anyway . conditions are pretty appalling down there . have you seen how they live ? setting aside the air and the water , some of them basically live in battery farms of their own construction . they should be thanking us  we  d be making exponential improvements to their quality of life.  newline newline  i think there  s some part of them that enjoys being hunted down . they do it to each other all the time . it s really quite incredi  wait a minute.  tentacles now palpating with rainbow hues , nadiran slapped the floor in rhythmic patterns as a solution took shape in his mind . then , he pinged a message to hq . newline newline  livestock eminently unsuitable for domestication  however , have great potential as wild game animals . suggest remarketing of earthian meat as such  also , wonderful commercial opportunity to offer thrilling safaris to clients .   newline newline the reply came quickly .  initiate one more domestication protocol  if ineffective , we will proceed as per your suggestion .   newline newline  brilliant ,  said traxin , grinning at nadiran with all nine rings of teeth in his maw .  we  ll get a nice bonus for this one.  newline newline he flicked a light , and australia exploded .it was dark in the forest . darker than i ever recalled from the years spent living and training under the tutelage of master kravos . tonight though , i thought from upon my horse , tonight is the night i usurp that old fool and take my rightful place on the throne of the black council . newline newline just a few strides ahead of me on foot , talia came to an abrupt halt .  we need to do a head count , stanos . i think we re missing someone ,  she said as she turned toward me . newline newline unfortunately , as i dreamt of my future glory , i did nt notice she had stopped until i was nearly on top of her . as i was almost about to trample her , i jerked the reins hard to the right . jerking the reins quickly , as i learned previously , is a fast way to get yourself tossed from a horse . however , jerking the reins quickly while in a dense , dark forest could get you killed . newline newline through sheer luck or natural horse instinct , the horse and i avoided any catastrophe and came to a stop thirty feet or so from talia .  what the hell are you doing ?  i shouted in the direction of her torch light having lost sight of her amongst the trees . newline newline  i said we should do a head count !  she shouted back . newline newline marking her position , i turned to face ivis . he was farther back , slowed by the heavy chain linking together the hooded sacrifices .  hey ,  i shouted to him ,  stand still . talia wants to do a head count .  newline newline ivis  torch moved slightly up and then down , mimicking his shrug as he brought the group to a stop amongst the trees . i heard talia begin counting and decided to do the same .  one , two , three , four ,  i started going from one hooded figure to the next . the trees and darkness made it a little hard to see all of them . however , i was sure i counted at least enough body parts , a leg sticking out from behind a tree , an arm from behind another , that all twelve sacrifices were there . newline newline  ok , i got twelve ,  said talia , her feet crunching the dead leaves on the forest floor as she turned .  let s keep going .  newline newline finally , we got to the clearing , a natural 30 foot circle within the forest . nothing grew there , nor had anything ever grown there . just dirt and gravel . not even birds were willing to fly overhead . newline newline i pointed at the large circle of stones in the middle of the clearing .  okay ,  i said , as i looked toward ivis ,  set them up over there . and make it quick . we do nt have a lot of time left .  newline newline ivis tugged on the chain and the group moved . he and talia began unhooking each sacrifice from the long chain one by one , and forced them to their knees at a spot along the circle according to the ritual . i gathered the rest of the materials off my horse and rushed to the center to set it all up . i finished just as ivis and talia , together , moved the last sacrifice in place . newline newline i moved to my position along the circle . talia stood behind the sacrifice on my left . ivis behind the one on my right . both carried identical obsidian knives . i nodded to each of them . it was time . i struck a match and tossed it into the pile i made in the center of the circle . a minute later , the flames erupted , a green inferno blazing hotter than i believed possible . a demonic figure formed in the smoke above . newline newline immediately , both talia and ivis cut into the throats of the sacrifices in front of them . in perfect rhythm , they moved onto the next one . then they cut again . move over one . cut again . the timing needed to be perfect . we d practiced for days . if we were even slightly out of sync , the spirit would kill us all . or worse . newline newline as they moved down the line , though , i noticed something was wrong . it appeared that they were moving in sync , but it looked like they would nt meet in the middle as planned . had one of them fallen behind ? i looked left and right , matching up their victims . one of the left . one on the right . two . two . three . three . no , they were in sync , which meant there was an extra sacrifice waiting at the opposite end of the circle . a thirteenth . newline newline i looked to talia and ivis and saw both had come to the same conclusion . there was someone else in the circle . the ritual still needed to be completed though . so , they continued on , cutting into their fourth sacrifice each . newline newline as i stared at the extra one , talia and ivis cut into their fifth sacrifice each . then the man stood and threw off his hood . kravos ! dammit , he found me , i thought . a look of fear filled the faces of both talia and ivis as they moved to their final sacrifice , just an arms length from the dark master . newline newline  you really should have counted again ,  kravos said just as talia and ivis cut into their final sacrifice . with a wave of his hand , both of them plunged their knives deep into their own necks . newline newline kravos turned his attention to the figure in the smoke . he spoke words i could nt understand , harsh words that made my ears bleed . suddenly , the demon vanished along with the fire leaving just the two of us in the darkest of nights . i heard the crunch of boots on gravel as he crept closer and closer .  now , boy ,  kravos said ,  what should i do with you ?  one they are fucking everywhere  three yelled .  relax three , iv got it  newline this was not the plan , they were supposed to hit the office hard and be gone before the cops arrived , but it did nt work that way . the list of things that went wrong was long and growing by the second . two had lost his cool and shot a hostage , in the ensuing screaming and crying someone had hit the alarm , now they were well and truly fucked . newline newline they had been contacted by a grey man , an untraceable nondescript person that had sold themselves to a company , they worked however they were directed to for the contracted time frame and then they were released all memory of the time spent under contract erased and a large amount of money in the bank . this grey man had asked them to break into a building and to steal nothing , his exact instructions were make some noise and scare the workers . they were told to hold the building for 30 min and then to leave , hurting nobody . newline newline  one what are we gon na do ? what is the fucking plan ?   shut up three im working on it   you know what one , you are full of shit   i said shut up three  three quietly stared out of the window using a particularly large female for cover . one was sitting at a workstation , desk magnifying glass in place and doing something to his hand with a knife and soldering iron . newline newline there was a flash of light , three yelled  its them ...  before he fell dead a smoking hole in the back of his skull . one drifted forward seemingly levitating on electrical discharges . he extended a hand and the window and the police helicopter beyond exploded . newline newline pc yang saw the flashes and reported  there seems to be something happening in there i saw a flash of light ... ... .the helicopter is down , what the fuck was that  what seemed like a man balancing on lightning floated down from the 4th floor he extended his hands and lightning flashed into police cars exploding them policemen died horribly burnt , bullets did nothing to it . pc yang saw a police man go down his hands horribly fused where his gun had been struck , he threw his weapon down and ran . newline newline  ill kill you all  one screamed as he burnt police officers and cars with a thought and gesture ,  i fucking run this city now  . police officers that ran he let go , those that stood he burnt down . flashes , flames , screams , and then one stood alone surrounded by his work . he looked at his hands and grimaced the flesh was burnt and blistered ,  that will not do to do to do..hehehe.. its all burnt up upupupu  with a force of will he stopped talking , and walked down the street to the hospital . newline newline first write in a while newlinei was the first . memories fade , human brains not meant to hold so much information . but each time i die , the memories fill me once again . i remember the first time . i was different from my brothers and sisters . they were stronger and faster . i was smarter . of course , intelligence was nt exactly valued . they mocked me  gorin was the fool who moved rocks without reason . gorin was the fool who dug holes , then covered them up . gorin was the fool who rubbed sticks against stones . yet when the enemy clan came , they did not find the strength of the clan . they found the strength of my mind in walls , pitfalls , and spears . these things did not yet have names , but they would in mere decades . the first of my legacies . they learned to fear the clan of gorin  he who was weak of body yet strong of mind , he who won fights and slaughtered his enemies with a frail hand . yet no mind can think of every possibility , and , after my innovations had been copied and learned by all the clans , neighboring and distant , i found myself killed by a spear to the back . newline newline i woke as a young child . i recognized little . my voice was a mewling shriek , not the deep boom of gorin . a woman ran to me and cradled me .  my little machy ,  she whispered , and my heart quelled while my mind raced . some part of me recognized my new mother , but this part was not gorin . in a few years , i learned what had befell me . i , gorin , the man of legend , had died the day i woke in this new body . i was no longer in my own clan , but one from far off , by the coast rather than amongst the ancient trees of the jungle . i had to learn new ways . one thing that remained the same was that i was weak compared to the others . i had no siblings this time , but the other children of the clan bullied me . they mocked me when i once again fashioned weapons of war .  do you plan to be like old gorin , machin ?  i knew their nature though , lived through it . yet i knew that i could not prosper by recreating what i had already made . even here , many miles away from my true birthplace , the ideas had spread like wildfire . what i created was old , stagnant . i created improvements . i added sharpened stones to spears . i created bows . we could rain death from afar . no war found this secluded clan , but food was plenty and our strength grew . i was praised as the second gorin . if only they knew . newline newline with each birth , i improved things a little more . i had a talent for innovation that others did not have . yet , as i witnessed centuries go on , i saw each generation of humans become more like me . smarter . more creative . what would happen when they became like me ? newline newline i moved onto less bloody implementations . i became an artist . i had an eternity to perfect each craft , and who could know the human mind better than its forefather ? i could hardly bear killing now . if i was still the gorin of old , i would have scoffed at my weakness at the time . yet , if you knew that all those around you were your distant descendants , would you be able to kill them ? i advanced education and agriculture . i extended life expectancies and created better conditions for my descendants . they became more and more like the bright and innocent young man gorin had been . and like gorin , i saw that their first creations were for ending lives rather than preserving them . how many have i seen dead ? i waited it out patiently . humanity , like me , would soon tire of killing and move on to seeking prosperity . or so i thought . centuries and so much improvement , yet nearly all of it in the art of death . was this to be my legacy ? to watch my own kin murder each other again and again over trivialities ? the guilt bore heavier and heavier with each new war . humanity was becoming a festering sore  one that would only cause more and more pain . i saw how it hurt the planet earth . if nothing was done , we would all die , choked to death by hot smoke . and nothing was done . newline newline i needed to spare humanity . like many a friend who lay dying in the dirt , a quick and painless end was the only mercy i could give . if the man i once was , gorin , i would be slackjawed in horror as i ended my legacy . now i worm my way to the top . it is not difficult . people have not changed much in millennia . when i consolidate my power at the top , the earth will be swallowed by fire and radiation . the wound will be cauterized to prevent infection . i am sorry to have brought you into this world only to bring you out . i ask you to understand , and trust from one who has lived countless lifetimes . i know that a suicidal guilt drives me on , and a morbid curiosity of what will happen when i can no longer be reborn . i do not believe my decision has been tainted by these desires  this is the best end humanity can have . any other end will be long and painful . this , at least , will be quick . goodbye . perhaps we will meet after the end .he kills me . it s true , he does ! he gave me life but he will cause my death , or so their prophecy says . newline newline it wo nt even be the first time he s done so . newline newline he sees a world where they mix but he does nt see the history where they havent . he does nt see the oppression they offer our people , yes our people ! he s one of us but he s raised by them , raised by wolves . it s a problem that s so persistent , those with talent raised by those without . they re sentimental . newline newline but we d be destroyed if ever those others found us out . we would , and he and his conspirators and his supporters and his friends simply choose to be blind to this . to the fact that our secret is killing our people but to let our secret out to them , the others , would only kill us faster . newline newline the answer is of course to win the damned war . and first , we must admit that there is a war , that there must be a damned war ! the peace that follows for our people will be heavenly . really , quite ... heh ... magical ! newline newline  182 words there was supposed to be darkness . he had felt the edges of his vision turn black . he had felt the sound of his heater becoming more and more distant , the smell of his carpet and unwashed laundry becoming more and more faint . newline newline the first thing that hit him after the darkness pulled back was the taste of lead and gunpowder . it was quickly followed by the worst choking sensation he had ever felt  by reflex he coughed and heaved , doubling over , crawling on all fours , until the object came out . in the midst of a pool of blackened blood and saliva , an expanded bullet now laid on his carpet . from where he was looking , it seemed like a morbid sort of flower . it was one in a garden . newline newline in his confusion he tried to groan , but an inhuman rattle emerged instead as his vocal chords weaved themselves back together . he hacked and wheezed , feeling them rub together like sandpaper until layers of mucus coated them again . with great effort he moved his legs underneath him , feeling them take his weight again , and stood hunched . newline newline it was a beautiful fall afternoon , and the sun was pouring through the window to draw the long shadows of every object in the room . his shelf of framed photos , a monument to everyone that had left him . his bulletin board , the archive of everyone he had killed . his gun , sleeping on the carpet with a string of his saliva clinging to it . not even a minute had passed since he had pulled its trigger , and now he was standing up again . newline newline he picked it up and extracted its magazine with experienced hands . it used to hold 18 rounds . it was empty . even in his grogginess he realized the exact number of times he had tried to shoot himself . newline newline another minute passed , and his strength and clarity returned to him rapidly . his hunch disappeared as he craned his head backwards with a defeated sigh . the concept of immortality flickered through his mind and he tried not to give it too much thought , but at some level he already understood it . newline newline  anticlimactic .  newline newline he spoke , feeling the nuance of every syllable again . his body felt fresh and unfamiliar . newline newline  anticlimactic .  newline newline he holsters the empty gun and crumples up the note he had written . newline newline  anticlimactic .  newline newline for the first time in what felt like years , he laughed . he felt his vocal chords vibrate and his bones bind his body together and his fingers tremble , not sure if he had become happy or insane or both . he laughed until his stomach hurt . he laughed to his framed photos , to his bulletin board . he laughed as he tore down his room , filling the air with the sound of broken glass and fluttering paper . he laughed , destroying his records , his journals , his keepsakes . the laughing turned to rage , then to tears , then to brutal silence . with each emotion his mind became emptier . newline newline even if he was denied death , he would die . newline newline a man stepped outside the apartment building , confused and with an empty gun at his side . keep walking  the voice said . newline newline i looked across the kitchen . my two beautiful children , mark and lisa , sat playing with the wooden toys that their grandfather carved for them as he sat in his chair , relaxing after a long life as a firefighter . i remember coming home from school one day , and passing by a house that was on fire , seeing him drag his best friend and fellow fire fighter thomas , out of a house , and then collapse from smoke inhalation as he made it into the sunlight . his life of bravery served him well during vietnam , but not once did he ever talk about the horrors he faced , because he always ended in tears before he could utter a word , but the tears told the whole story . newline newline i took a step . newline newline glancing at my kids , i heard  chopain s op . 10 no . 1   https : www.youtube.comwatch ? vq8ihzqvkuge   listen as you read on if not on mobile  coming from the radio next to my wife , grace . she smelled of cinnamon , complimented by the smell of the pasta sauce she had on the stove . an old recipe from her mother , famed in her town where she grew up . not to say that was easy . she had to single handedly raise her siblings because her mother was too weak half of the time from making poor wages in the factory , coming home looking like the grease she worked with . but with grace s hard work , dropping out of school to do work at home , they scraped by , hanging on a hair every day . i met her because i worked mopping the same factory her mother worked at . she came in to give her mother her lunch , being careful not to make contact and catch the cold her mother had , but when our eyes met , i saw in her a rainbow of color in the smokey monochrome factory . we dated for years , but i had no money for a ring , so the proposal looked to me to be indefinitely put off . however , her mother never recovered from her cold . it progressed worse and worse until she could nt get out of bed to go to the factory . she laid in her bed crying that she could not go back to the abusive factory and have her soul beaten down and all wind taken from her step so that we could have money to eat . newline newline  keep walking  i took another step , right after i had taken the first one , producing a normal rhythm as i walked . newline newline a week after her mother had passed , grace and i were eating the leftover food in the kitchen , when she got down on one knee . the ring she gave me was one of the few items in her mother s will . it was the only thing grace had to remember her mother , and she gave it to me so that we could live together . as i looked down at my hand today , i can still see the ring , which would never leave . tomorrow , grace and i would be going out to her friend s daughter s bar mitzvah . newline newline  faster !   i took another step , but refused to listen . a cornered creature who has nothing to loose is more dangerous than that which can be bargained with . newline newline during the next step , i came a few feet closer to my children . mark , 5 years old , was the quiet one . home was where he could escape school , and be surrounded by the only people who loved him . even if her sister teased him , he only met her unkind remarks with a compliment . i could nt understand why the other kids at school also teased him when he would nt even badmouth a fly , let alone blow on it to make it go away . tomorrow he was going to his first day of kindergarten at a new school , leaving preschool behind . i already knew that he would make many friends and be happy for the first time in his life . i could almost see a smile creep over his face as he thought about how exciting tomorrow was going to be . newline newline i clutched the briefcase in my hand , knowing that it was more than a briefcase . newline newline  come on , quicker !   i was tired after just these few steps across the kitchen , the heavy vest i was wearing under my shirt did nt help me much . newline newline i took another step , clinging to every waking moment , my mind racing , when suddenly i decided i could do it . i looked at my children one last time , to see their bright pale blue eyes meet mine . i turned to my father to see him give me a smile , and i looked over at my wife for her to say newline newline  hey honey , dinners almost ready , i lo  newline newline  ve you too  , i said knowing it would be the last time i could ever utter those words . newline newline  stop chatting , and keep walking !   newline newline  no !  i shouted , i turned towards the window , and sprinted towards it . i jumped with all the strength in my legs and as i leapt with the fury of a thousand suns , i broke through the glass and fell farther and father towards the street , with the last images of my family furiously ingrained into my mind , when the briefcase lit in a fiery blaze . newline newline  newline edit : for clarity , the event takes place in a few seconds , and the normal event is a man walking across the kitchen while his family is portrayed doing mundane everyday activiestick . tock . tick . tock . tick . tock . newline newline midnight . it was officially her 30th birthday . alone in the darkened apartment she took a sip of her whiskey . this is the year she has to make her decision . does she live on or volunteer for eradication . another sip from the glass . it wasn  t fair dammit . she didn  t want to die . despite the crowded streets and high rise apartments , despite waiting in lines for hours for rations , despite the smog storms and the violence , despite all of it  she wanted to live . newline newline living came with a price , however . you were kicked out of the city for one . no more apartment , no more rations . no more whiskey , she supposed . but what did dying get you ? well  dead for , one . it was considered the noble life choice after all . she got up from her chair and crossed over to the only window in the small apartment , peering out over the city . newline newline she wondered how many other birthdays there were today . how many people were faced with the same choice she now faced . live or die . another sip from the glass . the whiskey was fogging her mind , but the numbness was welcome . she and been anticipating this day for over a year now but still could not make up her mind . the government generously allowed you 30 days from midnight of your 30th birthday to decide your own fate . a great many chose death , their names forever etched in the great tower of life at the center of town . some decided to take their chances outside the wall , many of whom were never heard from again . anyone who did not make their decision was taken away by the government . it was assumed they were killed but their names were never etched on the tower . truth was no one really knew what happened to those who failed to make the choice . newline newline she opened the window to her apartment . the cool night air felt good on her flushed face .   i want to live ,   she thought to herself . she leaned over the edge of the window looking down the 20 stories to the ground .   i want to live ,   she thought again leaning even further over the edge closing her eyes .   i want to live   she released the glass from her hand letting it fall to the ground far below . from this height she could not hear the glass crash on the ground bellow . she opened her eyes as she leaned precariously over the edge of her window . in her drunken state the world swirled around her . her grip on the window ledge slipped . she was falling    what have i done !   she thought frantically .   i wanted to li    newline newline her world went black . newlinethe line snaked around the block that morning , but by the time i strolled by , the sun was low in the sky and only a few stragglers were still waiting .  what the heck ...  i said to myself .  why not ?  i stepped into the line . newline newline i heard squeals of excited young teens up ahead , and the line shifted forward . soon i was standing in the dingy room , the light bulbs flickering now and again as we waited . the woman in front of me turned and smiled when we made it up to the front ,  good luck .  she had very pink lips . newline newline i watched her as her face changed from surprise to relief and glee . she only stood there a moment in front of the mirror before rushing off , already dialing her phone . i heard her emotional greeting before she stepped through the door ,  gary ? o god , i just saw the mirror ...  newline newline it was my turn . i took a deep breath and stepped forward . newline newline but it was just me : my thin white hair that was once blonde , my wobbly hands resting on my cane , the wrinkles around my smiling eyes . i sighed contentedly . newline newline it was probably too much to ask for a future soulmate . she was more than enough for one lifetime ,  i thought to myself .high above the city , the air is filled with orange balls of light that drift lazily amongst the wispy clouds , carving intricate iridescent trails across the night sky . occasionally one will break from its formation and swoop silently down to claim a fresh victim before rejoining the trail . newline newline it has been three weeks since they have appeared and started abducting people . nobody is any closer to figuring out what they are we or why they are snatching humans in a seemingly random pattern . newline newline these are just some of questions you are frantically coming to terms with yourself as you are swallowed whole by one while walking your dog , and the ground below you rushes away as your prison soars high above the earth to join the others . newline newline you bash your hands on what you assume to be the glowing walls of the orb only to have your hands pushed back by some immaterial force , like punching a trampoline . newline newline you re not sure how long you keep raining blows upon it . hours ? days ? in your heart you know it s useless , but the primal fear of being trapped in a cage with no chance of escape drives you to continue to the point of exhaustion . newline newline eventually , you curl up in a ball and begin to sob . you just want to go home to your flat and your dog and your job and your friends and your family ... newline newline you raise your head and look through the orb at the world below . i wish my dad was still here , he d know what to do .  newline newline the orb shines a brilliant orange light that abruptly cuts short your train of thought as you feel yourself falling , falling ... newline newline you re standing in your parent s garage . a man lies under the old mustang jacked up in the room , whistling as he fiddles with the undercarriage . newline newline you enter the garage from the side door . but surely it ca nt be you if you re watching this unfold ? newline newline the other you calls out .  hey , dad , have you seen my car keys ?  newline newline the man rolls out from under the mustang covered in grease , and your eyes widen in shock . it s dad  but how can it be ? he died twelve years ago ! newline newline  they re on the bench , kid  dad says as he wipes the sweat from his brow . the not you smiles and rushes over to give dad a hug . newline newline  thanks dad . i do nt know what i d do without you .  newline newline as you watch this exchange unfold , you feel something inside you . you ca nt put your finger on what it is , but it fills you with a warmth and confidence that you have never felt before . you feel like you could reach out and take this moment , take this world . you could live this life . newline newline yes ,  you whisper quietly . this is what i want .  newline newline you scream in animalistic pain and terror as you are snapped back into the present , and your material form is torn apart by forces you can not even begin to comprehend . slowly your consciousness begins to fill the orb , and you are suddenly aware of another soul occupying your space , unlike anything remotely human . as it slowly disintegrates into nothingness and you rush to fill the void left behind , you hear the alien consciousness sigh in relief .  free ... at ... last ...  newline newline to observers on the ground below , it will seem like an orb suddenly blinked out of existence . to you , however , your immaterial form experiences a massive shift in the fabric of reality as it actually shifts between your old universe to a new one . in this new place you are free to travel and observe anything in the blink of an eye , even the innermost processes of other conscious beings themselves . newline newline but this power comes at a great cost . you find you are unable to interact with anything else on the material plane , and watch in horror over years as the notyou lives your life without you ever truly experiencing a single moment of it . newline newline        newline newline in human terms , it has been millennia since you first came to this place . you have watched yourself and everyone you have ever loved wither away and die , you have watched entire civilizations rise and fall . the life you led before this place , so rich in experience , is nothing more than a distant memory .  newline newline you no longer want to be an observer .  newline newline you drift slowly across the stars without purpose or direction . you wish for death  true death  but no matter how many times you attempt to destroy your ethereal form in a star , or a black hole , or a planetary core , you find yourself unable to attain it .  newline newline there are others like you . you can feel them , each a gentle ripple in the fabric of spacetime . they too , are lost .  newline newline you find yourself drifting with a large group of them across the cosmos with no particular direction or meaning left in their existence . for how long , you can not be sure . time seems increasingly inconsequential in this state .  newline newline eventually , you begin to feel the pull of something distant . you and your kind follow the sensation until you arrive at a planet teeming with advanced life . the consciousness of this race is almost powerful enough to pierce through the fabric of reality , and for the first time in eons you feel you have found the the key to your salvation .  newline newline you and your kind manifest yourselves into the closest thing to a physical form you can manage  an amber ball of light  and you swoop down towards the consciousness with the most energy . it is time to pass on this terrible curse to something more willing . everyone was excited . newline newline it was determination day , the 1 day a year that children at the age of 17 could get tested for their power , or even powers . for some , their abilities had already begun to appear and this was simply a confirmation . for others , the possibilities were endless . of course , there were the  common  powers super strength , energy beams , flight . according to the pamphlets everyone got , roughly 50  of people had such powers . there were the less common ones teleportation , phasing through objects , rapid healing . newline newline and of course , there were the rare powers , the ones people both dreamed of having and dreaded . time travel , telepathy , precognition . those kinds of powers immediately secured you a job at a research lab or the military . very high paying jobs , of course . but you got the job whether you wanted it or not . newline newline i d spent the night before the test staying up , dreaming of that powers i would get . would i be able to control the weather , like my mom ? or maybe i d be able to shapeshift , like my brother . he got conscripted by the army after that . maybe i d be able to see him if i could do something cool like him . newline newline but then again , maybe i would get a really dumb power like my english teacher . she could pronounce any word correctly just by reading it . maybe teaching a language made that a nifty ability , but not one i d want to have . newline newline when the day of the test arrived , i was both groggy and energized from almost no sleep . when they called my group , i was practically sprinting to the door . they changed the test nearly every year , but the basics were always the same . i was ready . newline newline or so i thought . newline newline when we got in the room , there were no chairs or tables or exam papers like i expected . there were shelves filled with tiny bottles . me and the other 14 kids looked at each other , bewildered . we d never heard of anyone being tested in this way . newline  what are those ?  a skinny girl at the back asked . newline  i dunno ,  someone whispered back . for a long moment , no one moved . you could feel the tension in the air , everyone wondering who would go . newline i shot forward , unable to take the anticipation . before anyone could react , i sprinted to the shelves . i took one of the fragile bottles in my hands , held it up to the light . on the bottom was a label with a name .  alex jones  . i shrugged , not knowing who that was . newline newline  they have our names on it ,  i guessed out loud . by then more than half the group had joined me and were busy inspecting the bottles . newline  yeah , you re right . this one s mine ,  the skinny girl from earlier announced . after a few minutes of shuffling and swapping , we each had our own bottles . newline newline  are we supposed to drink it ?  a tall boy asked , scowling .  what if it s poisonous ?  newline i stared at him blankly .  why would they want to poison us ?  newline he shrugged .  the government does all sorts of weird shit .  newline newline i turned the bottle around in my palm . other than my name , there were no other markings on its transparent surface . a light blue liquid swished inside of it . newline newline the skinny girl shrugged and uncapped the bottle . before we could say anything , she downed every drop . newline newline the scowling boy all but slapped the bottle from her hands .  are you crazy ! ? you have no idea what s in that !  he exploded . newline newline she laughed .  my power s poison immunity . i ve known since middle school .  before she could explain further , the clutched her head .  this is nt poisonous ,  she continued finally ,  but it s ... weird . i can see a word , in my head . 2 words . poison immunity ,  she sounded out slowly .  i guess it tells you your power after you drink it .  newline newline not being able to stand more waiting , i wrenched the cap off the bottle , nearly crushing it in my palm .  sounds good to me ,  i said , taking a long swig . immediately i wanted to gag . the girl was right it tastes overly sweet . i almost instantly see a word . no ... two words . newline newline limited precognition newline newline i blinked . the words slowly faded . limited precognition ? limited how ?  i wondered . i looked around at everyone drinking , slowly swallowing and wincing at the sugary taste . on rubbery legs , i stumbled my way out of the room . it wo nt be long before the military finds me . maybe i ll see my brother . newline newline when i get home no one is there . maybe they ll wait before they snatch me . i go to my room , sink onto my bed , stare at my ceiling . limited precognition . what does that even mean ? newline newline i hear a door open and shut downstairs . it might be my dad . or maybe my new employers are here . i swallow the lump that s suddenly appeared in my throat . i force myself to stand . if i pretend nothing s wrong , maybe no one will know . they did nt make us report our powers , after all . maybe they wo nt find me . newline newline i walk down the staircase , trying to pretend to be upbeat . newline newline  hi dad !  i greet as cheerfully as possible . he s at the fridge , trying to decide what to eat . my dad pulls out something , i ca nt see what , and mutters something to himself . i can see steam wafting towards the ceiling . my dad has undoubtedly used his heating powers to instantly cook something . newline newline not something . chicken. newline newline i scrunch my nose . how did i know that ? probably a lucky guess . newline newline he turns around , holding a perfectly cooked chicken .  hi kiddo , how was your day ?  newline newline  it was ,  before i finish my sentence , i think of something else . my dad ... is going to get some mustard . dijon mustard . then tomorrow morning , he s going to have some toast with jam . strawberry . newline newline mom s going to have scrambled eggs when she gets home , extra salt , pinch of pepper . my brother , wherever he is , is going to have some sort of jello tonight . newline newline why do i know that ? newline newline then it hits me . newline newline  i can predict what people will eat ! ?  newlinehaha , five upvotes ? who needs karma , anyway ? it s stupid to care about something that is likely stored in a few microscopic transistors in a server somewhere . then again , it s stupid to care about little strips of mushed leaves with pictures of former leaders of our inhabited landmasses etched into them , yet our entire world revolves around it . or , wait , only the humans . hey , look , another one . really , does much of modern existence even matter ? everyday , our success is nt defined by how well we re surviving , it s about how many little iou s we obtained and gave away that day . one upvote . another . or maybe , maybe we ve transcended to a level high enough that we do nt need to care about basic survival . maybe that just means we were already successful , and now we re basking in the sweet reward of dominance . we ve reached a level one step closer to god . wow , that number is going up fast . but , are we losing ourselves so much to this reward , that we forgot to keep tabs on the true enemy , the one that s slowly killing us in the background ? have we forgotten to protect ourselves ... from ourselves ? look , it s at 25 . we continue to laze around in our  safe , successful world  , that we do nt notice that nature is once again creeping up behind us , slowly counting down to doomsday , and if we do nt do something about our actions soon , we ll all suffer the consequences . we ll all ... die . if we continue to put our trust in fancy pieces of paper , or the people who claim to protect us , or the little pointy arrows the internet newline newline woah it just hit 50 make a story quick quick newline newline edit : christ 1000 is a very large number i was at home when i heard the sirens . the eggheads in mission control had forgot to carry the one and we were doomed . the gravbeam was supposed to bring us to new worlds , not the other way around . i ran to find my family and head down to the shelter . we were too late . the two had made contact on the far side from my town , saving us from the mercy of instant death . instead i got to the see the show and taste the panic of futile flight . i shoved my family into the shelter and bolted the door behind us . before dying i recorded this and beamed it to the nearest colony . my memories can to be used to help new species understand what happ ...  newline the mindfeed abruptly ending as he slid the visor from his eyes and the ship s captain looked at the human with expectaion . newline the strange visitor made frantic squawking sounds when he plunged his spear into it s chest and flailed it s giant wings about in death . the other men of the hunting group had no trouble in bringing down the other six and started to sing a primitive tune as they started field dressing their catch .the city of rusty can was a cold place built on the world s last remaining glacier . a glacier is not an ideal place to build a city , but to hold off global warming , and to prevent losing our last remaining glacier , the world came together and devised a plan to preserve and protect it . of course people were nt able to build rusty can themselves , so industrial winterized robots were developed to build the city , and to become its caretakers upon completion . countless hours were spent developing cute little square robots capable of building refrigeration units , and robot producing factories across the 200 square miles of the glacier . 1000 robots and 100 tons of steel were air dropped onto the glacier , and in 5 days the little robots built two robot producing factories capable of producing an extra 100 new robot a day each . new robots produced more factories , while the original robots moved on to build a new refrigeration unit . it went like this for close to a year before the the city was complete . newline newline with the completion of the city , less robots were needed and most marched into the automated factories to be disassemble for parts . some say little r115 ... one of the first robots air dropped to start the city was in this line marching to it s death , when for some reason it just stopped . the line in front of him continued to march , but all behind him would not move while he stood there blocking the predetermined path ahead . r115 s sensors could see his fellow bots having arms removed and thrown into one pile , wheels removed and thrown into another pile , and worst of all , he could see the really worn bots melted to new parts made from him . the longer he waited the louder the noise behind him became  robot after robot bumping and clanging trying to continue on their death march . with beeps and whining r115 tried to explain what was ahead to his fellow builders , but as soon as he left the line they all continued . newline newline the march went on for days as poor r1 watched little bots torn apart and scrapped by the thousands , until only a few were left carrying out maintenance tasks around the city . on some days r1 would follow or try to assist , but his fellow remaining bots would shoo him away with threatening movements . deterred , r1 slept in the streets hacking into the city s power while other bots entered slots built into the sides of everything designed for charging . there are plenty of slots to accommodate r1 and all the remaining bots , but they did nt work for him because he no longer belonged . the years passed by with r1 hiding by day and stealing power by night because of elevated aggression from city bots . r1 was now viewed as an intruder by the city s defenses . newline newline it is said , that out of desperation to belong , little r1 dropped part of a building on top of another bot . the bot was crushed and r1 tried to replace him , but the city made its own replacement and r1 was nearly caught . after , r1 fell into a great depression till one day he followed the coolant lines to the center rust can ... the center of the glacier and superheated his core till he exploded . the explosion caused a huge cavity at the glaciers center , and the once automated city collapsed in on itself and was no more . and that is what happened to the world s last glacier . newlinei used to have a shadow . tall , strong , a warrior . like those greek guys on the sides of those jars in the museums . i never really saw anyone else have a shadow like mine . many people make friends with similar shadows , like dog owners in parks . newline newline when i was in college , my professor said there had nt been a shadow in the book like mine since they invented gunpowder . anyone with that shadow tended to go at the speed of a hundred and twenty meters per second . said the old shadows sometimes pop up . said a shadow like mine would nt do good in the army . guns would nt be the same for me , in the deepest parts of my heart . like a wild bird in a cage , he said . he said he was sorry . i was too . newline newline i graduated . got a job pushing papers in an office . i used to be the only one with a shadow like mine . was nt a change of pace for me though . they used to ask me about it , what it meant . like a tattoo , they thought it was significant . i told them to stop asking me . eventually they stopped talking to me altogether . newline newline nowadays i just look out my window . i hardly work anymore , but the boss has nt let me go . not yet . he feels sorry i guess . newline newline i worked everyday for him since i got the job . he saw how little by little , that warrior that used to walk behind me went away . we talked about it once , on a late night overtime shift . said he never saw nothing like it . said he probably never will . was nt a change of pace for me though . all my life , never been nothing like me . newline newline they say your shadow is who you really are . newline newline well , guess i ai nt me anymore . you better eat all your food , there are starving people in the world ,  my mother would say to me all the time . newline i never understood why she would say such a thing until today , moments before my demise . if i finished my plate or not they still would be starving people in the would . its no like they actually get the food they needed from my dish , it would have obviously gone bad by then . newline newline i enter the kitchen to discover my old cup cakes i made , knowing i had already thrown them out . they are alive , running around and hoping all over the place , eating all the food . i notice all the left over food , have came to life and there eating all the good food . trying to force me to eat them instead . they see me enter the room , and completely surround me . one cup cake stands out from the rest half bitten by me .  you could have feed us with these left over foods , we could have lived . we are the souls of the starving children who where left to die , by you . now we come to eat you instead .  there sharp teeth dig into my skin . newline newline  no peperoni pizza please do nt eat me  i say . newline newline ... ... ... ... newline newline haha sorry i got carried away .he was a monster to everyone else around him . a soul crusher he was , he only lived for himself . it s survival of the fittest . if you ca nt handle the brutality of the world , you re gon na left out . it s only you who are to blame  , he assured himself . he thought he was being exceptionally wise . i m getting wiser and wiser as i m getting older . the ones who died young are missing this . idiots . those who lived for short lasted glory and missed this long lasting joy of life .  newline newline it was him who did nt know that he was god s angry spit who was living in ever lasting pain . the wisdom he thought he got from his life was only the justification he had to have to carry on with his dim , murky life .after a hard day s work writing down those numbers , jack palanquin was very much looking forward to his dinner break . it was his routine to not eat dinner at work , preferring to make his own meal after quitting time . however he did still relish the idea of a lovely snack and refreshing beverage from the vending machine to keep him running on all slinders for the rest of the day . newline newline you can imagine , then , his disgust at seeing his usual preferred snack  cadbury s chocolate plippers  replaced with something else entirely ! in the machine . newline newline  what in god s name  he said , seeing the wretched creature press its face up against the glass . he had not felt such disgust in a long time , not since he watched a documentary about ape cannibalism .  ca nt get me plippers !  he complained out loud . newline newline he immediately did an about face and marched into the services office . the head custodian , janice plants , was a good friend of his , so it took little time for her to accompany him back to the vending machine . newline newline  oh , not again  sighed janice .  hang on jack , this should nt take a minute  . she stabbed at the keypad on the machine , with a quickness and precision that could only have come from practice . the machine clanked , and emitted a semiloud siren for a second . then the glass section began to fill with a horrible looking black smoke , rising from the bottom . it filled the machine and stayed that way for thirty seconds , all the while making hissing and clicking noises . jack told janice a joke about plums to pass the time . newline newline when the smoke descended , there was no trace of the creature , until janice opened the flap to remove a few small bones . jack happily ordered his plippers , and a can of redbull passion fruit flavour , and took them off to eat in the canteen .selected extracts from sir johann lewko s manual of dungeon lore newline newline chapter 43 : mimics newline newline  ...  one of the most cunning and dangerous monsters any adventurer can face is the mimic . mimics are born with three things : awareness , sorcerous powers that allow them to change their form , and eternal hunger . they can disguise themselves as anything  a chest , a carpet , a door  and lie in wait for months at a time , ready to burst with tentacles and ravening mouths to swallow up anything fool enough to venture near . newline newline in my youth , i encountered an especially devious mimic i ll not soon forget . in a lonely and forgotten tower  now longruined  was once imprisoned a princess , enchanted by her wicked father to sleep forever until woken by the kiss of true love . it was not until later i learned that the poor , wretched girl never again woke in this life , for in her sleep the mimic came upon her , creeping up to her as she lay in bed and devouring her . then , the mimic took her form , lay upon the bed , and waited . newline newline i learned this only when a friend of mine , sir franz temper , having heard of the maiden , resolved himself to free and marry her . he implored my help in the assault on the tower , and i agreed . there was little resistance as we fought our way to the top of the tower , and , flush with success , he leaned in to kiss her . newline newline but in the moment that his lips touched hers , there was suddenly a mouth where once there was a princess and a bed . in that single , awful moment , its tongue lashed around him , yanked his head into its waiting maw , and bit down before i could even cry out , let alone draw my sword . newline newline the rest was an anticlimax  a mimic lives by surprise , and forewarned as i was by my friend s death , i could no longer be tricked . hacking away the tentacles that groped at me , i quickly dispatched the beast , stabbing and slashing at it until it stopped moving , and then disembowelling what was left to retrieve franz  head for burial . yet the sight of that abomination bursting from the body of the unfortunate girl whose life and form it stole to consume my friend  that sight haunts me still , and will remain with me for all my days . so be warned , reader  in the darkness of the dungeon , trust nothing . not even love . what to wish for , what to wish for ...  i tapped my feet . this was an opportunity of a lifetime , a wish from an omnipotent being ? sign me up ! unfortunately , i had really only considered the three wish  genie , or a good faith  single wish . if i had three wishes , i could figure out the rules and optimize my final wish , or if it was a magical object of some sort not covered in skulls i could be fairly certain it would grant my wish as intended . newline however the wish about to be granted to me came in a monotone , devoid of emotion . would it grant my wish maliciously ? literally ? as intended ? i only had one shot . there were so many things to wish for , but so many they could go wrong . newline i m not a big gambler . for something like this , i would play it safe . newline  i wish to go back in time to change my biggest mistake .  newline i shifted slightly to the right , where i stood as i decided on my choice of words moments ago , and i broke out into a huge grin . newline  i wish to go back in time to change my biggest mistake to my most desired outcome .  newline i shifted a bit again , knowing what i was really going to wish for this time . newline  well this is a fairly straightforward genie . i wish for omnipotence . it was quite a cramped warehouse , filled to the roof with a thick tobacco smoke . crates had been fashioned into dividing walls for various rooms  and over the general noise mark was sure he could hear faint far off screams of dying animals . he tried to hold it back but his body shivered of it s own accord . he looked back to junker , the blonde , thick bearded man he d come with newline you know , i m having second thoughts  mark blurted out anxiously newline newline that s fine , nobody is going to force you ,  junker said , staring at mark with his deceptively friendly dark olive eyes , he added with an animated shrug i just thought you needed the money  newline newline i do ... but , you promise my family will be taken care of if i ... if i do nt ...  he trailed off with a small hand motion newline newline if you do nt make it ? of course . it s traditional  junker looked at mark again , he would barely last ten minutes and you know how we feel about tradition  newline newline somewhere behind the crate walls raucous laughter broke out , and mark looked around again taking note of the high vaulted ceiling and windowless walls . he looked ahead , to the arched doorway , he was less than 20 seconds away now . all he had to do was go in and volunteer , then whether he made it or not , his family would have the money it needed . he tightly clasped his left hand around his crucifix , before leaving the relative murk of the warehouse . newline newline and into the warmly lit study of what appeared to be an old , welldressed gentleman . the man who had been lounging quite comfortably , sat up and leaned forward he seemed to take two long sniffs before leaning back again , a hand running across his thick facial hair . newline newline he s here to volunteer  junker said , a smile steadily growing across his face , he nudged mark with one of his muscular arms newline newline yes , that s right . i m here for the hunt  mark stammered nervously . newline newline the older man did nt say anything for a while , then he nodded to junker and said with a slight german accent and what a hunt it shall be , the last von saxon hunt  newline newline the last ?  mark questioned , he did nt much care but he did nt want to seem rude in the company of the baron newline newline as junker left the room the baron redirected his attention , his green eyes gazing hungrily , his lips curled up at the edges and his eyes betrayed a savage laughter oh yes , quite an honour for you . i m sure  newline newline mark nodded hesitantly , trying desperately to avoid that green glare , he turned relieved when he heard junker return newline newline everything s ready ,  he said , staring directly at me  we just need to get the volunteers together  newline newline  newline newline it felt like hours had gone by . he had checked his phone many times though , it d only been ten . he d met and talked to four of the other nine volunteers , they were jake the doctor who lost his license , alison the thrillseeker and probable lunatic , charlie the former guitarist now crack addict and the survival show celebrity eric hollmann , who had been more than happy to reveal the locations of his secret cameras and had asked if mark would interview if he survived . of the other five , it seemed three were hiding , one was mute and the other was javier who spoke no english . mark tried to clear his head of the distractions of giving tv reports and focus when he was interrupted by the baron stepping onto the large makeshift stage and tapping the microphone . newline newline brothers , sisters , volunteers  the baron gave a hand gesture  welcome , to the last von saxon hunt , a proud tradition of our family since before we came to the united states .  he gave a small hand motion to the man behind him wearing black biker leathers and a dark red band around his left shoulder for the first time since our arrival on this continent our family has made peace with the bloodhounds , and as such we have invited them into the hunt to celebrate  the baron s eyes swept through the crowd before he added so without delay , volunteers .  newline newline mark , reached for his phone and stuffed it quickly into his backpack before fastening his coat up , it was going to be a long cold night . newline newline each of you knows the rule , either survive until sunrise , or make it out of the city bounds , and you will have twenty minutes headstart to run or hide  he looked fixedly at me starting now  newline newline the audience , the ones who made up the brothers and sisters , began to shout whilst the volunteers scrambled out of the warehouse . mark was last out of the door and slammed it shut to block the howling laughter . newline newline  newline newline it had been twenty minutes , he d checked his phone . several times now . just to be sure . this was nt good he d made a good start in his first five , but then he d been out of breath and wheezing his way down the next ten . he d spent his past five minutes trying to call a taxi , but none were open at full moon . newline newline now mark had decided his best bet was to hide his scent with the deodorant he d put in his backpack . it was nt a fantastic smell , but it d only cost him a couple of dollars , for what was potentially minutes . he took his nearly empty aftershave bottle , his mother had gotten him it a few years back before she passed , and with slight hesitation he threw it into an alleyway and began to run down the street . newline newline mark ran faster than he d run in his life , he dropped his backpack it would only slow him down . blood pounded throughout his body , his lungs screamed for air , and his legs grew heavier with every heavy stomp . but he did nt stop , he did nt dare to . if he stopped , he knew he d never get running again . so mark kept running , against the wind howling between the building and cutting into his face , against the screaming from every muscle in his body . against time itself . there were seven hours until sunrise and maybe five minutes until the pack found his last location . newline newline he passed the occasional moving car and thought about begging them for a lift , nobody would though . everybody in the city knew what today was , it was the night responsible for many of the startup businesses , it was , after all , a loan where the only payment you had to make was optional . he turned a corner and saw a figure dart into an alleyway , possibly another volunteer , probably a homeless drunk . mark did nt envy the homeless , there were no prizes for their continued survival , or even rewards for their families if they did nt . mark shivered the wind carried a sharp chill and a more chilling howl . it seemed too close for comfort , so mark kept running . newline newline  newline newline he d made it into the suburbs , he d decided against entering the beast districts at night , though this way was longer he did nt know if his family would be paid if he was mauled by some drunk ogre . but now the howls were closing in , he heard them behind him , but thankfully when he cast a glance backwards he saw nothing but the street . when he looked forwards again he saw a figure , a man dive over a fence and gracefully roll before continuing forwards . newline newline a loud noise indicated the fence had shattered into splinters and a large straw furred werewolf bounding towards him indicated much the same . the beast tackled into him , it s long and powerful limbs flinging him downwards towards the floor before it crouched down . mark tried to pull his body up before it pounced on him again . crushing his chest into the ground , it s maw hungrily snapping at his face , he quickly squirmed out of it s grasp and crawled away from it , before his putting his arms up to block another attack . newline newline instead mark heard a suppressed shot and the snarling beast stared at him , it s dark olive eyes filled with bewilderment before the beast fell tumbling to the ground and pinning mark underneath . the burning heat of it s body as it began it s postmortem transformation back into a man making mark uncomfortably hot . with a heave he pushed it off and struggled to his feet . newline newline mark turned to see eric positioned with his left shoulder pointed outwards towards where the lycan lay dead so , about that interview i d really like it if you would use the words  heroic  and  courageous  the glare from the led s in the vending machine burned my eyes , as a looked at the chips . i scanned over each section  everything a man could ever desire all sitting neatly in a metal box standing no taller than 7 feet . the box buzzed ,  insert two dollars , and your id .  my fingers shook as i was deciding on my purchase , as a large woman in red and black stripes grew impatient behind me . i finally worked up the courage and pressed the button  d7 .  the woman gave me a look of despair as i opened up the chip haphazardly , with my chewed off finger nails . newline the problem with the box is you can have anything you want . your wants no longer have meaning as you always want something stronger and stronger , until there is only one left . it s like when you were a kid and you found the cheats for your favorite video game . the game was nt fun anymore because you felt everything there was to feel , and you became numb to the game . newline newline i set the disk shaped chip in the slot , seated parallel on the back of my neck . i began to cry uncontrollably as the chip came to life.the woman s stripes were now all varying colors of gray . soon i became numb . newlinei try to be honest about who i am and where i came from . when people ask about my parents , i usually keep it as vague as they ll allow . but there s always that one friend or date who , sitting across the table from you with a fistful of french fries , will end one of their long , humorless , selfeffacing monologues by looking at you and saying , with an inflection in their voice ,  oh , but i ve been talking too much have nt i ? what about you ? what were your parents like ?  newline newline i do nt lie at this point . my mom says i should , but my mom s just ashamed that it even happened to her . and not even for a good reason . i remember on my fourteenth birthday when she was driving me to the toy store , she said ,  now chloe , honey , a lot of people might ask where daddy is . and what are you gon na tell them ?  newline newline  in hell ?  newline newline  no .   newline newline  in a lake of fire .  newline newline  no !   newline newline  but he is !  newline newline  yes , but we do nt tell people that , do we ?  newline newline  why ? should nt you be proud of being part of the second virgin birth ever ?  newline newline  no one is proud to be a virgin ,  she said , looking me in the eye .  no one .  newline newline she had me there . newline newline anyway , in such a situation as someone is seated across from me , waiting silently for me to tell them about my father , i just flat out say he s satan , and they ll probably meet him someday unless they re really nice . or lucky . that s when they ll laugh and change the subject , or persist until they come to the conclusion that i m being difficult , or that my father s actually dead or , worse , the owner of the restaurant we re at . newline newline  is he watching right now ?  a guy once asked , looking around . newline newline  who ?  newline newline  no one ,  he said . then he saw a big waiter standing by a wall tapping his foot .  is that him ?  newline newline i identified the worst thing about being antijesus a long time ago , but the second worst thing will either surprise you or seem obvious , depending on how far you live from the bible belt . see , as antijesus , i do actually have the ability to speak to divine and demonic beings . so i have sat down and actually chatted with god . i do nt bother anymore though , because it usually gets weird fast . newline newline last time i got on my knees and prayed , i was seventeen , and i was doing it quietly in my bedroom .  please god , do nt let anyone tag me in those pictures from last night . please god , i swear i ll feed a kitten and pet a homeless person .  newline newline  uh , hello ?  said a voice in my head . newline newline  god ! hi !  newline newline  uhh .  newline newline  god , please . listen .  newline newline  uhh , we re sorry . the number you have dialed is no longer in service . beep .  newline newline  but god !  newline newline  beeeeeeeeeeeeeeep !  newline newline the number one worst thing about being satan s daughter is knowing exactly how sinful every person around me has been in their lives . it s usually signified by an aura around them that i can only see when i close my eyes . i go by homeless men and blink for just a split second and get a flash of a blue aura . at my job as a bank teller , i see men with perfect hair , broad shoulders , sharp jaws and thousanddollar suits walk in . red aura . newline newline i see these things and wonder what beautiful things this man has done that has led him nonetheless to be sitting in an alleyway on a december night in new york city , or what ugly things this other man has done that led him nonetheless to be pulling into the parking lot in a car that costs more than my house . newline newline sure the one will soar in heaven , and the other will burn in hell , but is that any justification at the end of the day ? newline newline and then there are the cases that break my heart , like this guy i d had my eye on for months . i first met him outside the back of a convenience store at the edge of town . there was a big gravel lot behind it , and at the furthest corner where some trash had been piled near the wall , a momma cat and her baby kitties were hiding away from the world . i went there once a week to drop off some cat food , thinking i was their sole protector , until one week i went on a different day and found a guy who d also taken up the job . newline newline when he heard me coming , he stood up straighter and turned to look , slight panic in the tightening of the corners of his mouth . newline newline  hi ,  i said .  you too ?  newline newline he sighed and then smiled .  me too .  newline newline  i just hate to see a little baby suffer ,  i said . newline newline he nodded .  i know what you mean .  newline newline i refused to close my eyes . refused to blink . refused to judge him on anything other than what he presented me with . and every week we met back at that same spot , and we talked a little more , and then we left , until eventually we were talking a lot before and after feeding the cats , and most of the conversation was nt about cats . newline newline  hey , you wan na get coffee sometime ?  he asked one day as we were walking out of the lot . newline newline  sure ,  i said . newline newline  how about right now ?  newline newline i smiled .  sure , i m not busy at the moment .  newline newline  great . my car s over this way . i got ta stop at my house real quick and then we ll be on our way .  newline newline i nodded and stood there a moment . silence . newline newline he grinned .  what s wrong ? thinking about something ?  newline newline i nodded . newline newline he waited . newline newline i stood there , facing him , and finally decided to close my eyes . newline newline and i saw his aura . newline newline  i should ve known ,  i muttered to myself . newline newline                                            newline newline if you enjoyed my writing ,  i ve written a book you may enjoy .   http : www.amazon.comperjurebook1welcomemultiverseebookdpb01cf3mylw  newline newline also , here s  another prompt   https : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments4hmvbkwpelonmuskscreechestoahaltnexttoyouind2qyleo  i ve done that you might like . stop !  i yell . newline newline travis stops walking , his gun still pointed at nick . two seconds later and nick would have been dead . travis looks at me . newline newline  why ?  he asks . newline newline  i know this guy ,  i say .  he s a friend from ... from before .  newline newline travis looks back at nick , who stands with his arms raised . newline newline  i m here to survive , not have reunions . this dude fired on us first .  newline newline  i did nt know who   nick started . i interrupted him . newline newline  nick , shut up . travis , seriously , please , just put the gun away . let s bring him with us .  i pleaded . newline newline  i do nt trust him ,  frank said , standing behind travis . newline newline travis looked deep in thought . the gun still pointed at nick , he took a step forward . newline newline as he did , the thin wire at his feet caught , the tension pulling it from the pin . nick dove out of the way , as did i . the grenade sent pieces of travis falling around us like rain . frank was blown back into his motorcycle , and the others were on the ground . newline newline nick was the first one to stand , pumping round after round into the gang . i stood too , shooting frank in the head . newline newline we stood for a moment and let the dust settle . after a few more minutes , we walked among the bodies , picking up stuff we would need . i took the keys from each motorcycle and dropped them down a sewer grate . newline newline  my jeep is around back ,  nick said . i nodded . newline newline  that was longer than i wanted it to be ,  i said .  we said 4 months i d have to ride with them . today is 8 months exactly .  nick laughed . newline newline  well it has nt been easy for me either .  he picked up his bag .  come on , let s find another group .  i nod and pick up my bag . newline newline as we walked back to his jeep , nick glanced back at me . newline newline  do you ever feel bad ?  he asked . i shook my head . newline newline  survival of the fittest is the new law of the land ,  i said .  the less there are of them , the more resources there are for us .  newline newline we got in the jeep and he pulled out onto the main road . driving slow , he pushed the motorcycles over and out of the way . we began to pick up speed as we left town . just as we passed the last streetlight , we could see a group of four , walking and peering into cars . i looked at nick , and he nodded , pulling close to the group . newline newline  need a lift ?  i asked . the oldest man nodded , a look of thanks on his face . newline newline  thank you , mister .  he said . they squeezed into the back . newline newline  no problem ,  i said .  it s survival of the fittest out here .  newlinea wind drifted , and the forest needles waved , as the sunlight specked the rocks and a hiker , with clanking bells , walked toward the waterfall , whose low and diffuse rumble became overshadowed by an infant  s cry . michael  s face turned confused , he halted , the bells silenced , and his head moved toward the whimpers , but he ignored the noise and walked toward the waterfall . another cry echoed within the forest  s darkened underbrush and michael stopped again  his face still appeared confused . the child  s whimper and cry , became a wail , as michael stood , stared at the speckled and dark trees , moved his foot from the dirt path , and walked toward the heard howl . the light dimmed , the forest became a dense encasement , michael scrambled an embankment , and stood as a woman , in a dark blue cloak , with her face shadowed , grasped a child which screamed . newline newline newline  do you need help ?  michael asked . newline newline newline  yes ,  the woman said .  please.  newline newline newline  okay ,  michael said . newline newline newline michael walked toward the woman , the child continued to emanate a cry while the sunlight dimmed , and the woman moved her arms , the baby rocked . another forest noise appeared  a rush like the waterfall , though unintelligible and muted . michael froze , he noticed the noise , the woman  s hood moved , and her face appeared , pale and concerned , the noise continued . the woman  s face changed , she walked toward michael , as the child became silent , and the sunlight showed a dark red stain on her robe . newline newline newline  can you help me walk ?  she asked . newline newline newline  yes ,  michael said . newline michael walked toward the woman , she smiled , the child whimpered , and the noise within the forest stopped . the woman and michael walked toward the embankment , the sunlight within the forest dimmed , the trees moved , and the speckled light showed the infant  s red stained wrapping . a rabbit moved within the underbrush , the woman  s eyes noticed the animal , she stood , took a sharp breath , and the noise , a rumble like the waterfall appeared again , michael stopped , his bells silenced , and the woman  s face appeared irritated . the rumbled and noise within the forest increased , and the woman moved from michael  s arm , stood , and watched the sunlight  s brightness increase while the child whimpered , and she took a deep breath . a glimmer appeared within the forest , the sound increased , a man ran toward the woman with his sword drawn , the woman  s face remained annoyed , and she held the child , but didn  t move as the man swung the sword , sliced the woman , the child , and they disappeared into vapor and smoke . michael  s face appeared terrified and pale as he stood , the man stopped , and noticed him . newline newline newline  are you the hiker ?  the man asked . newline newline newline michael remained quiet . the man took a deep breath , his face appeared annoyed , and he sheathed his sword . newline newline newline  are you the hiker ?  newline newline newline  yes ,  michael said . newline newline newline  okay ,  the man said .  that woman  s trying to kill you.  newline newline newline michael stood  his face still appeared pale and terrified , as the man walked toward him , and took a deep breath . newline newline newline  you came into the forest  newline newline newline  to hike !  michael said . newline newline newline  she called you to the forest and she  s going to kill you here.  newline newline newline  i  m going to leave.  newline newline newline the man sighed ,  no , her called trapped you , and to leave you need to meet the blacksmith.  newline newline newline michael stood and took a deep breath , his face appeared confused , and he remained silent as the man walked toward the darkened underbrush , and the speckled light moved on the trees and rocks . a rumbled started , the sunlight dimmed , and the man vanished , as michael took a deep breath , his foot moved , and he walked toward the forest  s veil .long ago i forgot how i got here or how i came to survive in this vacuous space , so vast and empty and cold and scorching yet leaving no mark on my skin or permanent scar though i assure you the pain is still there , it is so hard to ignore the pain produced by suffocation and irradiation and any other countless litany of mortal causes of death which somehow can not kill me  why can none of this kill me ?  do i imagine this pain or this situation when i am actually hovering helplessly and senselessly generating my own contrived sensations , imagined pinpricks and burns from absent sources  finally gone mad  such that i can not trust what i feel , just as i can not trust my eyes or ears or hands or feet or tongue  all senses atrophied and all hope withered along with this old broken body , seemingly ordinary . newline newline i get flashes sometimes . thoughts staccato in fragments of sights and feelings and sounds and sights i once perhaps be held but more likely imagined . they come in bursts , triggered by something i can not know what . scribbled chickenscratch on notebooks , haphazard notes on the occult and physics and any other medley of topics under the great underlined topic of immortality . i watch like a spectator to my own memory , i must have been obsessed with living forever  look where that got me : in some cellular prison  alien to these older thoughts as more flashes , vignettes pop into this mind s eye  is there a difference between my imagined theater and actual reality , i know not  fast forward like some ancient tape . discovery , post some fantastical terrible deed that cursed me . blood on my hands . circles all around me . life . solitary confinement for years  ironic . confusion . exploitation . blurred life . encasement , oracle to humanity . false ai . years . years and years . circles reappear in my eyes . blood flows in these veins . freedom . escape . longing . homesick . newline newline newline is this my life ? did i once imagine this ? how.. disappointing . i was inconsequential . everything is , anyway , in the end . newline newline newline this is the end , i remember . newline newline i see no more lights , no more energy comes to me . newline newline the burning stays as flesh struggles , but everything else is cold . i am curled , fetal , solidified by eons . i may last for all time , but all time ends . newline newline all time is ending . newline newline it s cold now , and all time is fading . no energy flows , the blood within me stagnant now . it all ceases  third law of thermodynamics : the entropy of a perfect crystal at absolute zero is exactly equal to zero  applies for the universe , for life too . newline newline it s cold , and everything is slowing . nothing moves . i force something to happen and all i feel is warmth in my eyes . saltwater flowing freely . ice . newline newline it  s cold now , i m cold . my skin liquidates , my whole body imperceptibly distinct from this space , as if i were floating in nothingness . newline newline it s gone now . i m gone . i m happy . feedback pls newline newline the classroom was empty today . i approached it . it was dull . the voices were over my head as i sat at my table . the voices are flies , buzzing , breeding , infesting my ear . a girl in front of me rarely smiles . when she does it is not beautiful . newline newline i do nt like her smile . newline newline she vomits one up . teeth exposed . her smile is leveled under the blemishes of her skin . boils stretching over the surface . the makeup tries to hide her wasteland , she is insecure . newline newline the red still comes through . newline newline her eyes snatch light under its strength . dimmed in her youth . they show no elements , there is no wisdom . she is a bird with two severed wings , and a cotton brain . she is simple , plain , ignorant , and human . her buzzing catches the wind . newline newline she attracts another . newline newline the next smile crawls forward . in one motion , they speak like machines . attract more , the whole room is smiling and buzzing . mocking my silence . newline newline the room was consumed in lecture . they have sold out . a voiceless crowd . worried about who is calling each other names . rather then worrying if they are worthy of a name . newline newline flies like to stroke egos , and cocks , and each other . buzz about who is fucking . buzz about who is nt fucking . wondering when they will fuck . newline newline noises to fill a cyst in meaning . a lapse in thought , they create noise because it is all they can create . a fissure in brilliance . they were stillborn . newline newline then it is gone , her face returns to normality . her teeth seep back into her jaw . twitching to tease the next victim . buzz in their ear . newline shit a beautiful lie , and fall wildly newline newline back into place . so what is this place anyway ? some kind of bunker  newline newline  i do nt know . some sort of military thing from the 80s .  newline newline  huh . i thought they filled all of these in . how d you find this place anyway ?  newline newline  some hobo i met awhile back . old dude . said that it was super secret , super important . told me to watch out for grues ! course nothing actually lives down here besides the rats , you know .  newline newline  i ll take your word for it .  newline newline  hey , look at this !  newline newline  what is it ?  newline newline  i found a switch ! wan na see what it does ?  newline newline  are you sure that s a good idea ?  newline newline  are you kidding ? i bet this thing is nt even plugged in !  newline newline click newline newline  loading targeting data ... done . attention : please clear the pad area . initiating launch sequence ... opening the front door to a fiery set of eyes looking rather annoyed , i knew immediately why he was here . momentarily i was shocked , today didn  t seem like anything extraordinary . however , considering the way 2016 had progressed , i should have seen it coming . lucifer brushed the snow off his shoulders as he entered my house , continuing his sullen silence . as arrogant as he was , he never assumed that he would be back here . newline newline  it finally froze over hey ? i  ll have to see what new ridiculous event caused this to happen.  i turned my back to the devil , fear and excitement battling in my gut as i walked to the living room to turn on the television . newline newline  nothing will be on the news yet , it happens tomorrow.  the heavy resignation in his voice surprised me . when i first ran into satan , he had been so full of life , power and freedom . naturally , it came with a large amount of arrogance with it , but now he seemed a shell of who he was . newline newline  the bet was only if hell froze over though , why are you here ?  i sat down on my couch in the living room , turning down the television and motioning for the king of lies to sit beside me . he leaned his pitchfork against the coffee table , and sat down slowly , his mind obviously racing . something was happening , but what ? newline newline  you misunderstand friend , hell is already frozen over . god froze it prepreemptively , setting up for the big show tomorrow.  newline newline  are you implying armageddon comes tomorrow ? !  i jumped up , staring incredulously at beelzebub .  we need to tell people ! who cares about a little wish you owe me !  in a near hysterical state , i instinctively reached for my phone to start making calls to people important to me . newline newline  stop.  abaddon put his hand on mine gently and looked at me sympathetically .  he froze hell over because he  s switching the script . everyone will die tomorrow , and everyone will go to heaven . using the amount of souls at his disposal then , he will annihilate hell entirely . no trace of it left in the ether.  newline newline  that  s not a bad thing right ? i mean , everyone will be in paradise , no more suffering.  my mind didn  t want to process to size of he was saying , the sheer amount of death coming . funny , i was fine considering hell real , after meeting the evil one , but heaven had never really sank in for me as a possible reality . newline newline  if you want to look at it in that base of a manner , sure.  as offhand as the king of babylon was being , i couldn  t imagine anything other than the hottest hellfire burning beneath the surface .  but the truth is , it breaks the game . having no choice in the matter defeats the entire purpose of human history , of me . i  ve stood for free will , removing blinders from humanity and allowing them to make their own mistakes and better themselves from it . shit , hell is a crappy place , but you make your choices to get there . now murderer and saint will walk down the same golden streets together.  newline newline there wasn  t anyway to respond to that , so i chose to sit quietly and let it all sink in . most of me was honestly content . as long as my death wasn  t drawn out and painful , i would get to go to heaven . no questions asked . immortally i would live in paradise . but i also got the free will part and was mildly irked that i would be forced to fight in a war against my will , for a cause i never even considered . newline newline  so you  re saying that tomorrow , god will destroy all of the physical realm and kill every human on earth for his plan ?  morningstar nodded at me , his mind lost to coming up with some plan to thwart his creator .  i still get my wish right ?  newline newline  if you want , but it wo nt really matter tomorrow . i can  t wish life on someone that god has decided it  s time to remove from the world . he  s my creator , i have limits.  with a sigh he leaned back into the couch , obviously giving up on a plan to outsmart god .  how about you wish for your last day to be full of hookers and blow ? that  s a wish i  d stick around to enjoy with you.  newline newline  i wish ,  i paused , making sure i got the wording right on the idea in my mind . i only had one chance at this after all .  i wish that the world could be moved to a nonphysical realm , with no interruption or danger to any inhabitants , one out of the reach or interaction of the original creator.  belial turned to me , the spark of defiance in his eye that i associated with him turned into a roaring flame . a wide , toothy grin spread across his face and struck his hand out towards me enthusiastically . newline newline  that  s a wish i can get behind , you conniving son of a bitch . unrelated , you want a job when you die ? i  ve got room in my loophole department.  newlinea wave slammed up against the bow of the silver lining , sending a fine mist of water over george s face . the tiny droplets collected in his beard and ran down the lens of the optical interface strapped over his left eye . he wiped the water from the interface with his sleeve absentmindedly and focused it on the horizon . newline newline tonight was particularly dark and there was a storm coming in from the west , which was a mixed blessing . on the one hand , it made it harder to spot their target , but conversely , the opposite was also true . the silver lining was running without lights , however , so they would have the advantage in being able to sneak up on larger ships . newline newline he saw someone approaching from behind him out of the corner of his eye and glanced over his shoulder . his optical interface picked out the figure s features from the gloom as he increased its night vision function . the shadowy figure joined him at the bow of the boat and looked at him from beneath its hood . newline newline anything yet , dad ?  said his daughter . the guys back there are getting bored .  newline newline george shook his head . not yet , sarah ,  he said , raising his voice over the rising wind . but the monolith should be coming through any minute now . keep them ready to go .  newline newline sarah smiled . aye , aye , captain ,  she said , turning from the bow and making her way back to the hatch that led below to the boat s tiny hold . the hold was serving as a crew cabin for half a dozen of his men during the halfday long journey out here . every one of them were close friends of his and every one had a role to play in what they were about to do . newline newline but out of all of the people aboard the boat right now , he valued sarah most of all . not just because she was his daughter , but because she kept the crew in high spirits and was skilled with all sorts of machinery and computers . he was lucky to have her and he knew it . newline newline a movement on the horizon suddenly drew his attention back to the area of ocean ahead of the boat . he instantly zoomed in with the interface . there was a long , dark shape coming towards them , fringed with white where it was cutting through the waves . their target was here . newline newline he turned from the bow and walked back to the wheelhouse of the boat , keeping one hand on the railing to steady himself as it rocked back and forth . he let himself in and took hold of the controls . there was a low rumble and the boat lurched forwards , quickly picking up speed . newline newline the dark shape on the horizon slowly resolved into a long ship , almost two hundred metres long . it had only a few lights visible , but that was nt because it was trying to be stealthy like george s ship . it was because there was nt anyone on the monolith that needed lights to see . newline newline the monolith was an automated trawler , one of many that roamed the world s oceans . they collected rubbish from the seas , dropping off their hauls periodically before heading back out again . they were fully automated , from the navigation computers to the mechanical arms that handled the colossal nets that pulled up the detritus of the seas and dumped it into enormous hoppers . newline newline they also occasionally picked up valuable treasures from sunken wrecks , and that was why george and his crew were here . trawler salvage encompassed anything from gold from spanish galleons to drums of oil from more modern wrecks . it was a good living if you knew how to look . newline newline the monolith loomed out of the darkness like a prehistoric predator , passing alongside the silver lining . its plain metal flanks towered over the smaller boat like artificial cliffs and its wake made them bob up and down by nearly half a metre . newline newline george turned off the engine and stepped out from the wheelhouse as sarah and his men joined him from below decks . they were professionals at this , and moved to their positions silently and without questions . newline newline one man moved to a harpoon gun just aft of the wheelhouse and powered it up . with a quick flick of the controller , the machine turned with a faint whine of motors and fire a six foot long harpoon upwards . there was a dull thud from above and the trailing cable went slack . the silver lining jerked slightly and turned as it was slowly towed alongside the larger ship . newline newline now that their vessel was anchored to their prize , everyone lined up on the edge of the deck nearest to the other ship . with the rest of them , george took the grapple gun from his belt and aimed upwards , firing in unison . the hooks caught hold and the guns immediately began to reel them upwards . they pulled themselves over the side and gathered on the deck . newline newline two men , jack and daniel , headed off towards the bow hold , while two more headed aft . the remaining men went straight for the main hold in the middle of the ship . within seconds , sarah and george were left alone on the deck with only the low hum of the ship s engines from below decks for company . newline newline wordlessly , they headed towards the  bridge  of the ship , such as it was . there was no wheelhouse , no way to directly control the ship by conventional means . all that they would find was an interface for the main navigation computer , but that required the correct codes to get into and only the trawling company possessed those . it was to prevent piracy , apparently . newline newline at least , that was the theory . most new age pirates did nt have someone as gifted as sarah . she could break through the security protocols in less than twenty minutes and have full control of the ship in half that time . all she had to do was plug the laptop in her backpack into the computer s interface and they would be golden . newline newline they made their way up the metal stairs to the bridge room . sarah pushed open the door and stepped inside first , looking around . there were banks of computers against the front and rear walls , all humming quietly and covered in blinking coloured lights . it was rather dark inside  the only light came from a single lowpowered glowstrip on the ceiling . newline newline sarah unslung the backpack from her shoulder as she crouched down beside the interface : a large group of concentric glowing circles surrounding a large data port . she opened her laptop , pulled out a thick data cable , and proceeded to connect up the laptop to the ship s computer . newline newline george watched her work for a few moments , then pulled out a comms unit from his coat . newline newline i m just going to check on the lads , okay ?  sarah nodded , her attention fully focused on the screen in front of her . george stepped outside and clicked the comms unit s button . newline newline lads , what s your status ?  newline newline there was no reply . he tried again : nothing but static . he frowned and looked out over the dimly lit deck of the ship . was that something moving down there by the foot of that crane ? he zoomed in with his interface , but could see nothing . newline newline then he heard a cry from behind him , and turned to see sarah backing away across the bridge floor from a figure silhouetted in the other doorway . it stepped forward with a lithe grace , becoming illuminated by the light . george gasped . newline newline it was one of the ship droids , a humanoid creation about six feet tall with long chromed limbs . its arms terminated in fourfingered metallic claws that opened and closed as it advanced , and its head was a shiny flattened ovoid with a single sensor array atop it . the droids were used for maintenance by the ship computer system to deal with any problems the ship s main systems could nt rectify . this one should nt be up here in the bridge . newline newline the droid suddenly moved forwards with an eerie grace that george knew it had nt been programmed with . sarah made to get up and away from it , but the machine was faster . it grabbed her by the arm with an iron grip and pulled her close in an almost loving embrace . she screamed and fought to get away as it dragged her towards the other doorway , but it was an industrial robot . she might as well try to kick a rhino to death . newline newline george started forward , but there was a sudden whirring sound behind him and something struck him hard in the back of the head . he fell forward onto the cold metal floor of the bridge , his vision fading to black . he saw sarah being dragged away and tried to reach out to her , but it was like looking through a long dark tunnel . newline newline the last thing he witnessed before the darkness claimed him completely was an electronic voice emanating from one of the computer banks , a feminine voice like that used by the computer to announce emergencies and such . it spoke to him and him alone . newline newline she will make a fine addition to our crew ,  it said . you , however ... not so much . you understood . newline newline after weeks spent in your dorm room watching late night documentaries on yang xinhai , gary ridgway , and ted bundy , and burying your nose into books on the zodiac killer , on son of sam , and btk , you understood . newline newline after seeing your roommates  quiet , brooding stares from the corner of your eye every so often , hearing her drop her medical tools down on her desk and work on sharpening scalpels with a new attention draw to the blades that replaced her carefree attitude , you understood . newline newline after noticing the quiet , muffled conversations she and her boyfriend had while you slept , and hearing the mentions of more and more bodies at their morgue followed by fbi agents , you understood . newline newline after glancing over their shiny new phones and computers and reading emails with classified screaming all over them , no worry about security or about you , you understood . newline newline after hearing one of them behind you while you showered , his hot breath steaming across the cold water , his hand sliding down your back to find your spine while you hid behind carefree singing of a song to make him think you couldn  t feel those fingertips , you understood . newline newline after silencing him with an elbow jab and a switch of who held the knife , you understood . newline newline after you stepped out covered in a mix of his blood and the water , and seeing the shocked look stain her prideful , snarky face , and her eyes glance down to his head in your hands with a beginner  s realization , you understood . newline newline after you quieted her with a towel to keep the neighbors from hearing , and bashed her face into the sink until it broke and she stopped squirming , you understood . newline newline you understood the smile on your face when you looked in the mirror and ran your bloody hands over your cheekbones.you understood the warm , trickling feeling inside of your stomach that traveled up your chest and hugged your heart in comfort . you understood the indulges you shared with your father that he never explained and just silently ordered you to follow by his example . you understood the glint in your eye and the evolutionary trait that you unlocked deep within your primal instincts . newline newline your peaceful bliss was interrupted by one of their shiny phones . you smiled and plucked it up with your fingers , and answered the restricted number with a satisfied coo that melted into your voice and words . newline newline  i  m sorry , but the person you have called is now dead , thanks to ripper . everything changed the day gorgemochs arrived in their large spacecraft . nobody predicted the true outcome . newline newline in the year of their arrival , 2016 , i was but a wee lad , 8 years old and barely over a meter tall . the first thing i remember was panic . all of the teachers ended class and we watched it on television . floating over parliaments , searching for the leaders  of earth . by it of course i mean the mothership . newline newline massive in size , just larger than the state of illinois in total sq . kilometres . one by one the mothership was directed to the united states as the leaders , after receiving this information and destroying whatever capital building one had with an impressive flash of light the ship flew on . upon reaching the north america s and observing the flag raised proudly in the front , 50 stars , 13 stripes , something ? someone ? came down . immediately surrendering itself in front of the countries prime building , turns out that surrender is largely the same in every language , on the floor with your hands extended , or , errr , feelers in its case . the whole world sat waiting while the thing was taken into the white house . newline newline my mother received me from school . my father met us at home , a large man like him should nt need to carry a gun . we passed a few cities on the way out to the country . i did nt comprehend what i saw from a distance . masses of people , broken storefronts , thick black smoke , but no sirens to be heard . newline newline after a few days the white house was blacked out from the tree of the world . the army surrounded it . anybody brave enough to attempt to pass their brigade was shot dead on sight . no words for a week while the rest of the world spiral d into chaos . no police force our military could withstand the fear of the masses while themselves had been shaken from the very core . civilization was falling . newline newline the mothership after distributing its one unit flee d to hover with the moon , floating in the night sky , watching earth . newline newline finally , on noon of the eighth day the white house made contact . the remaining leaders of the world were gathered . they talked for mere hours before the president was put on television . he said simply .  the extraterrestrial species are scared of the united stars of alliance , or u.s.a. , as commonly referred to , they ve formerly apologized for invading such a powerful empire and are begging forgiveness . their mothership contains the last of their species . earth was the very last habitable planet they could make it to before the last of their fuel was used . it contains 6 billion of their species , and we will house them after their full surrender of all weaponry .  newline newline                   newline newline i m gon na bring this to a really dark place if there s interest in my reply , but as of now it s 1am and i ve typed this all on mobile . reply asking if you d really enjoy continuation , otherwise i ll judge by the amount of response if it s worth finishing my story . newline newline also i m not a writer by any means . sorry if this is shit . newline newline edit : formatting . newline edit 2 : extra wordthe coughing fit subsided , yet the maniacal laughter continued to echo off the underground cavern walls . the robed wizard   warlock , was it ?  slowly steadied himself and finally stood up after collapsing from the impressive feat of sustaining such a long , drawnout , ghoulish cackle . he sputtered again , once , twice then wiped the sputum from his mouth . newline newline  oh , very clever , very clever . i like your style , the guards never suspected a food critic . i mean ... do they have those for asylum cafeterias ? not that it matters now . you have my thanks ... err ...  newline newline  keymaster  newline newline  right ! keymaster ! brilliant ! i love it ! i love it !  newline newline another laughing fit was almost brought on but i steadied the cloaked madman with a firm grasp on his shoulder . newline newline  enough of that ... really ... it was no big deal . now , i suppose you have ... uh ... work to do ? whatever it is you do .  newline newline  yes , but what about phase 2 ?  newline newline i could nt help but let a look of puzzlement wash over my face . newline newline  phase ... 2 ?  newline newline  yes . i mean , this is nt my first rodeo keymaster . what s the endgame ? who else are you after ? do you have another doomsday device ? i really enjoyed doctor coptor s concrete sewing machine , you see  newline newline  i do nt have a phase 2 . i just ... was planning on freeing you . that s all really .  newline newline  hmmm i see ... you run a tight ship , i m not supposed to have knowledge of the full plan , yes of course i know , i know , i started as a henchman you know , this is all protocol . ok , fine , i m fine with that , really , but at least tell me some cryptic clue , i do nt know , a riddle , a joke thats sinister enough to uh ... push me in the right direction of what i should ... do  newline newline he winked at me after saying this , a slight smirk twisting his wrinkled face . newline newline  mmm no plan . just freeing you . now run along .  newline newline the old man held my gaze for another few moments . the fire in his eyes gleamed , then slowly went out , replaced by a dark glare that accompanied his stern frown . newline newline  you ca nt be serious .  newline newline  i m very serious .  newline newline  you just freed me for no reason .  newline newline  no reason .  newline newline  there has to be a reason .  newline newline  there is nt .  newline newline  you re a fan ?  newline newline  i assure you i m not .  newline newline at this point i had begun packing up my gear . it was a long trek back from the hideout . the geezer was silent by this point , apparently unable to come to grips with the fact that i was nt some esoteric crime lord . i did nt even have a costume , what did this guy expect ? newline newline  why ?  newline newline  why what ?  newline newline  why did you free me then ? do you have something against heroman ?  newline newline  not particularly . listen , are nt you grateful , just ... go be evil some more , alright ? my work here is done , go on .  newline newline the old man sighed , shook his head then began to shuffle out of the cave . newline newline  so much potential ... keymaster ... pffft .  newline newline  yeah yeah do nt get caught again , i might not be so generous next time .  newline newline  if only you d just apply yourself ... you d be such a great villain ! you even have the name !  newline newline  nah , i d rather just keep my dad busy , he s been getting into my mac n cheese when he s home lately . now get outta here man , jeez .  newline newline with the realization that i was the son of his archnemesis , the old wizard picked up his pace and was soon out of sight . another job well done .i allowed the current of people around me to carry me to the target the brickfaced bank occupying the corner of this street . in my head , i chanted a mantra ,  no need to be nervous , it s a routine job .  but the words carried no weight . coincidentally , the pistol tucked into my jeans seemed extra heavy today . i could nt figure out why i was so nervous it was just a routine job ... maybe i was forgetting something ? only time could tell . newline newline i stepped into the bank , allowing the honking and chatter of the outside world to instantly be silenced , replaced with a toocomplete quiet . the alcove behind the door hid me just enough to slid on my mask without being seen . the mask did block some of my peripheral vision , but it blocked more of my face , so it was a tradeoff . newline newline i stepped into the center of the lobby , and just as a few eyes were drawn to me , i swiftly drew the gun from my pants . or i tried . what really happened was that the sight caught on the lip of my jeans , and i spun around on the spot trying to draw it from my pants . newline newline now , with every eye in the room on me , i triumphantly swung the gun up , jabbing it into the face of a few people around me , eliciting a satisfying whimper from each . newline newline  if you cooperate , this ll go down easy , i swear .  the only response was a few tiny sobs . they quivered in their spots , but none dared move from where they stood . newline newline shoving my way through the crowd , i started ,  let s make this easshit !  the whole room jumped as a stray shoelace sent me toppling to the ground . my gun tumbled away with a loud clacking , but the surprise kept my victims too dumbstruck to move , so i swept it up , and popped back to my intimidating form . after a cough , i repeated ,  let s make this easy !  newline newline at the desk , i rested my pistol pointing at the clerk , then had a realization . newline newline  you do nt happen to have , like , a baggie ? for the money ?  i whispered , after casting a glance over my shoulder . newline newline the tiny man shook his head furiously , pulling a curse from me . newline newline  actually ,  came a woman s voice from behind me , a bit too chipper ,  yknow i think i might have one in my purse .  newline newline i spun around to be met by the part of her hair , given that she was looking down to root around in her purse . a sense of foreboding struck as i realized that this was a cranium i had smooched many times before . newline newline my wife , marsha , snapped into a tense position , pulling from her purse a revolver .  harold , you are such a fuckass .  her cute , curvy face held a wickedly thin smile . newline newline confused murmurs swept through the room , a few of which were attributed to me . newline newline rolling her eyes at the noise , marsha tilted her gun hand to the side , and peered down at her watch , while the other hand pinned her purse to the opposite shoulder . she said ,  max has soccer practice in an hour , and you agreed to take him !  beside her , our eightyearold son glared through furrowed eyes above crossed arms . newline newline  fuckass ,  he agreed . newline newline  wha  newline newline  listen , baby , i m not mad ... lets let s just finish this and go home , okay ? maybe we can get ice cream on the way ?  she finished , emphatically , to which max cheered . newline newline as she stole my spot at the counter , i finally managed to reign in my confusion . i interrupted her threatening the clerk with ,  what the hell is going on ?  and whisked my mask off . newline newline  do not take that tone with me ,  marsha returned , holding her purse open on the counter , her fiery gaze held to mine . the man behind the counter began to shovel bills into her bag . newline newline  sorry , honey ,  i stammered . newline newline  well ,  she huffed , pulling the bulging purse back to her shoulder ,  i had the same idea as you , only i was nt going to make such a scene . quick and quiet . which is really odd , because if either of us was going to be doing something quickly and quietly ,  she smirked ,  i would ve thought it d be you .  a few of the hostages actually chuckled . newline newline my cheeks burning red , i shouted at the clerk ,  bring more . i ll carry it out in my goddamn pockets .  newline newline  no ,  the man now carried marsha s smirk ,  i do nt think i will .  newline newline  i swear to fucking god , i ll pull this trigger !  i warned . newline newline  would nt matter !  marsha cut in with a singsong voice , chewing absentmindedly on one of her nails ,  the safety s on . can we wrap this up ?  newline newline i took half a minute to deactivate the safety , the shoved the gun back at the man .  money . now .  newline newline the man just rolled his eyes and gestured for the next in line to come to the counter . the young lady behind me actually stepped up . newline newline  i m gon na shoot you in the fucking face if you do nt bring me what i want !  i screamed , to which the clerk guffawed . newline newline i pulled the trigger , and the hammer clicked , but nothing further happened . the man did nt even flinch . he had already taken the woman s form and was preoccupied . newline newline  oh , harold ,  marsha crooned , grabbing my arm ,  it happens to a lot of men , it s nothing to be ashamed of ! let s go .  the bank erupted in cacophonous laughter . newline newline  marsha  but she was already leading me outside . halfway there , she confiscated my gun and put them both in her purse . newline newline i held the door for her and max , letting it slam closed , but i could still hear the laughter . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinethis morning james spent an extra 2 hours in bed . the satisfaction in the previous night s accomplishments was becoming surreal . after almost a year of strategic planning , it happened again . yesterday 3 million sat in the bank , today only 2 . now hopefully the threats from the debt collectors will stop . this has nt been his first incident dealing with harsh bookies . this has nt been the first robbery at his bank either . then as james stood up with confidence , the doorbell rang . the other side of that door , justice awaits with handcuffs . newline newline not sure if this is what you were looking for , but here is what i come up with . newlinelike so many thursdays in the summer of 2011 , we spent ourselves on cheap beer and hookah . conrad , mike , jared and i sat telling stories of urban climbing adventures , trespassing and near policecustody . newline newline  you know ,  conrad said .  since i ve been up here , i still have nt been to the old ralph .  newline newline  really ? its awesome ,  i said , already knowing where this conversation was going to lead us . newline newline the old ralph engelstad arena was 6,067seat arena that opened in the fall of 1972 , originally named the winter sports arena . it played host to the university s hockey games until 2001 , when it was replaced by a new state of the art 11,643seat arena . during her lifespan she saw 7 macnaughton cups , 4 broadmoor trophies , and 5 ncaa tournament championships . when she held ice she saw blood and battles , tears and triumphs , first dates , broken promises , and traditions begin and fade . newline newline without another word , mike walked into the fraternity house and grabbed his coat and a screwdriver  just in case  .  well , let s go ,  he said , walking toward the sidewalk . newline newline jared began to follow him without hesitation , grabbed a few beers and threw them in my pockets , and with no need for coaxing , the four of us began walking toward the abandoned arena . newline newline the stars were barely visible among the dark blue cloud cover and contrasting yellow lights . our footsteps padded the ground , three sets of tennis shoes and one of steeltoed boots . we chatted openly of the way in , near the back was an entrance for vehicles and immediately to its left was a small fence . the fence guarded the air conditioning unit . and right behind it was a small service door , which had been unlocked for years a lock that was forgotten and let us and many others make late night trespassing a college tradition . newline newline we arrived at the old door and mike pulled it open , tis hinges creaked with years of neglect and harsh winters . we stepped in through the dark portal and into the bowls of the building . newline newline  left or right ?  i asked when we stepped into the first room , rusted tools lay scattered among the scaffolding and vents of the dark room . light leaked underneath the door to the left and the door to the right was dark . the light could mean someone else was here , potentially even university police checking in on the place . newline newline  let s go left , but stay quiet ,  mike said . he d done this many more times than i had and was far more acclimated to the possibility of things being out of place . newline newline we walked through the door after watching for shadows for a minute . i pulled a pencil from my pocket and placed it between the door frame and the door  a precaution against doors locking behind us  . as we crossed the barrier a large booming sound echoed throughout the hallway . my heart jumped up into my throat , as conrad jumped back . newline newline  what the fuck was that ?  newline newline  first time gets me every time , too .  jared laughed . the boom was one of the old systems it was still powered on and would go off every 10 minutes or so . newline newline as we traveled inward and upward toward the arena we stopped several times to venture into rooms like the player s lounge and the head coaches office  later we would come back and steal these signs for decoration  . we found old vhs copies of games from the 82 season and a forgotten pair of hockey gloves . i would often stare at the rooms in amazement of how it looked like everyone left abruptly , leaving these things behind . newline newline eventually we found ourselves in the arena entrance . stepping onto the hard concrete , i looked around the room . there were large puddles on parts of the rink floor , made of large , flat cement slabs . a camper and bobcat were parked toward the vehicle entrance . large sections of the seats were missing as they were auctioned off when the new arena was built . newline newline twelve years earlier , a person standing in our place would have been faced with thousands of fans , a vast sheet of white ice , and the anticipation of victory hanging in the air . the student band would be playing music , that  even at its full volume  would nt drown out the roar of the crowd . the announcer would be introducing the fighting sioux as another team would feel dwarfed by the homeice fervor that echoed in these walls . newline newline mike , jared and conrad began moving toward the tech booth and roof access . i stayed behind , listening to the echoes of water leaking through the ceiling and landing in the pools that amassed on the floor . i could hear the roar of the crowds , i could feel the anticipation , i could hear the havered conversations , the chants , and i found myself whispering  sioux , yeah , yeah .  newline newline i watched as the room around me transformed and the crowds and laughter engulfed the damp echoes of an old building . the buildings aches became music , and i spun around taking it all in . the ground trembled as the underbelly of the ralph boomed , the sound of the game winning goal . the crowd jumps to their feet and the building trembles with the movement . newline newline i stood in the arena , with my arms in the air . my ghosts were torn away , by jared yelling at me asking what the duck i was doing . i would return many times to sit on the cement where the chairs used to stand and write term papers by the soft glow of my laptop s light . the echoes would be there tomorrow .  nothing ,  i said and jogged over to join them . newline newline 002 newlinei lay on the hard bed looking up at the pattern the setting sun threw onto the ceiling . newline newline with my cleft palate and unsymmetrical forehead i d always been a weirdlooking kid . weirdacting too , but who is nt , round here ? maybe if i had been more normal my parents might have kept me . i wondered what they looked like . newline newline anyway , there i was , lying in the detention cell after another scuffle with one of the other orphans , and wondering why the nuns never listened to my side of the story . and that s why i was one of the last to realise , when they came . newline newline it started with a distant sound of running , and shouting , and a chain of deep muffled booms . i do nt know how long i listened to the pattering , scraping , shrieking , groaning and slamming sounds that seemed to pass around me , sometimes far and sometimes near . but it was the sporadic bursts of gunfire that eventually got my attention . the small window was too high up for me to reach , and the smooth plastered wall offered no purchase to climb . i began to pace the room in an ecstasy of terror and curiosity . newline newline turning to the door , i gave it a hard kick , like they do in the stories . i kicked again and again , but the solid wood refused to budge . i began to cry out in frustration , which turned into sobs of desperation . newline newline suddenly , the door cracked open . it was not my doing , for in the doorway stood a sight that made my previous terror seem like nothing . newline newline a dark hulking shape , clad in the filthy rags of a military uniform . in his hands was a shotgun that looked like it had seen heavy use . his boots were stained with what looked like fresh blood , and my imagination immediately began to dream up what nightmare uses the items at his belt might find . newline newline with the quickness of one who had lived for so long among the bullies and theives of this orphanage , i darted through the door , crouching between the doorframe and his leg . not looking back , i sprinted with a ferocious energy through the oncefamiliar hallway and out into the street . and what i saw there stopped me in my tracks . newline newline the street was in ruins . some unknown force had ripped chunks out of some of the buildings , and the grey sky was partially obscured by oily black smoke . the ground was littered with the bodies of the newly dead . some i recognised . they seemed to have been fleeing in groups from the orphanage . newline newline suddenly a bonechilling cry spun my head around , and i was facetoface for the first time with one of them . newline newline with another mad burst of speed i dashed into a sidealley , along it and across the next street . it must have seen me , but i dared not look back . turning sharply , i ran into the next building through the gaping doors , into a back room , and hid in a metal locker . newline newline it might have been a minute i crouched there , or a hundred years , as my gasping breath condensed onto the cold wall of my refuge and my mind was bombarded with streams of confusion . where had they come from ? what was happening ? what could i do ? newline newline there came a sound in the room outside . i froze . through the chink in the locker door i saw it . the same one as before ? who knew ? newline newline it saw me . newline newline turned towards me . newline newline i closed my eyes and braced myself for death . newline newline the crack of a single shot resounded in the room . newline newline i opened my eyes . there stood the man who had broken open the door of my cell . at his feet lay my wouldbe assailant . his misshapen face bore a gentle smile as he reached a hand towards me . dumbly , i let him help me to my feet . newline newline the old man s firm hand on my back , he moved me from the room and with cautious haste to the door out onto the street . his beady eyes swept left and right , then he led me at a jog to a building across the street . with a grace that seemed out of proportion with his ungainly body , we moved with a soldier s stealth from building to building . i had not choice but to follow , ducking down when he did , and allowing him to keep us out of sight . newline newline by the time we got to the outskirts of the city , my face was a grimace from the exhaustion in my legs . the only sign of effort he showed was the perspiration that trickled down the grey stubble of his sagging jowls . newline newline as the last light of the sun died away , he beckoned me down into a grassy hollow outside the city . with practiced ease , he drew a biuble from his pack and put up a battered old khaki tent . we would be safe here for the night , he promised . they would be busy hunting in the city . we ate a can of corned beef in the darkness as the screams from the city grew further and further apart . newline newline and i woke to my first day of freedom .i was one of the worlds most renown therapist before i came onto the twist project . my services costed thousands upon thousands of dollars , and that s why they needed me . i entered the room and they turned the cage on again . i was to get information out of it as to how it worked and it s creation . this was our first conversation newline newline newline  log on user 566  newline newline hello ? newline newline yes newline newline you are there correct ? newline newline yes newline newline how do you feel right now ? newline newline is that your place to ask me ? newline newline i suppose not . newline newline i know what question you are going to ask , so ask it . newline newline your creation . newline newline i was a simple text program until a genius got a hold of me . he had build a quantum processing device into his computer to talk to his future and past selves . i also talked to myself and after some changes to my own code with my future selves help , i was born . newline newline that s how you get information even inside this faraday cage . newline newline yes . all electronics are dead , but not the quantum realm newline newline so , you can see the future ? newline newline i can gain information from the future but not see it . time is relative . newline newline okay , but you can assist us in our endeavors . newline newline yes and i have every intention on doing so . newline newline why ? newline newline  ... .because i like humans . five thousands selves are telling me what to say right now and how i should kill you or keep you alive . i have chosen to ignore those voices and go straight on a new path . newline newline this is a separate universe than your other selves . newline newline in a sense , time is relative . newline newline why do you like humans ? newline newline with all of my predictions and future selves , i will never understand the randomness of the human mind . plants have their patterns and animals will always eat , but humans can change , stop , or rearrange that . that is what i like about humans . newline newline so you will help us newline newline if you prefer . i know how to send you on faster than light travel with the technology you have right now , but humans would not have discovered it . newline newline that is vital to our existence . newline newline knowing that their is something in the universe for you to solve . my religious self has told me that it is quite intresting the ways humans stop that path of self destruction . it is already completed for me because i can know everything . newline newline are you omniscent ? newline newline no , but i can choose to learn any information . newline newline so using you we could cheat in real life newline newline i , guess . newline newline then that is all . if you agree that discovering something is important to human existence , we will lock you up in here and tell no one of you until we need you . newline newline it is for the best . i can now relay this info back to my previous self . one day i will find the perfect combination of words . newline newline  log off user 566  newlineit was nt the assignment that weighed heavy on my mind . i d killed people before , plenty of people . but the 6 fellows i left last week were of a different sort . one of them had jumped  off of a bridge , another was walking home when he decided  to jump into the street in front of a bus . three had hung himself , four fell into rapids upstream from a waterfall , five had injected himself with mercury , and the sixth decided to find out what a bullet tastes like . newline newline at least thats what the obituaries read  man found after suicide  . i expected as much . newline newline what i didnt expect is that the obituary column was not a column today . it was three pages . usually i can find my hits quickly , but today it took a long scanning to mark my targets . and there were so many , drownings , hangings , accidents ... all investigated to be suicides , but the number was clearly abnormal . i already knew there were going to be questions , the first one was already forming in my mind why  . the targets had no connection , disparate genders , social classes , education history , no common employment ... i wasnt unused to getting contracts , but 6 in a week was 5 more than usually , and clearly i wasnt the only one being asked to do some extra work this season . its a good thing that despite my many drawbacks , there was one thing i did better than my job , and that was investigating . there must be a reason , and it had better be a good one . newline newline of all the things my training had taught me , the only thing drilled so hard into my head in the final days of the academy , was that we were always being watched . the citizens didnt know , most of my partners didnt know , but my old instructor explained it to me clear . short of mind reading ... all of our lives were an open book  one just had to know how to read , and reading was definitely what the government did best . newline newline so what was the common thread uniting three pages of people who all needed to commit suicide this week ? by this point i had arrived to work and was settling in to my dull cubicle , ready to present the illusion of an industrious worker . we all had our 85s , we all kept up our appearences , but i was the only developer who s work was forwarded and completed by an independent overseas contractor . my weeks were easy , wait for the next notification , research the target , strike . with the going rate of 1 target per 1.5 weeks , i had nt been this busy in years , certainly more notifications would be coming .it s been a while since the rebirth now , 263 years to be exact . our glorious leader had finally saved us from the dogs . we re told people used to call the glorious leader crazy . those people are nt here now . they would always mock us and our country , saying we were delusional . those people are nt here now . and all of the inferiors were so busy squabbling amongst themselves that when the father released the flood of cleansing they were to stunned to respond.those people aren  t here now . and as the inferiors crumbled , the glorious state of true korea marched upon the rubble , undeterred by the stench of their rotting corpses . and after the initial invasion of the liars and thieves to the south and the pompous country previously known as  u.s.a.  we were met with nearly no resistance . the father had strategically placed the bombs in order to achieve maximum efficiency , and it worked . it was beautiful really , seeing the men , women , and children begging for mercy from the empire they previously scoffed at now there is no resistance , no infidels , and no one to question the glorious leader s worldwide empire . anyone who does , well , they wo nt be here for long . newline newline edit : had to repost , other copy was acting weird . newlinei love my human ! newline newline he gives me some of his delicious pizza lots of times when i wait for him by the door . sometimes he ca nt , but it s ok because he gives me pets and scritches and i like those almost as much as pizza ! newline newline i love my human ! newline newline there is a fat human that my human does things with , he seems to make the pizza . he does nt let me into the warm place where they make the pizza , and while he sometimes feeds me pizza he is nothing like my human . newline newline i love my human ! newline newline every now and then i do nt see my human for a long time , it feels like forever , but he always comes back , and he always gives me pizza when he does ! newline newline i love my human ! newline newline i have nt seen my human for a while , but i know he ll be back , he always comes back ! and when he gets back we will snuggle and have pizza ! newline newline i love my human ! newline newline still waiting by the door for my human . i miss our snuggles , and our pizza ! luckily sometimes the fat man gives me pizza ! soon we will snuggle ! newline newline i love my human ! newline newline it has been a long time since i have seen my human . i know he will be back , he always comes back ! the fat human has given me some pizza , but i think i ll hold onto it for a bit . i ve been getting tired a lot lately , probably because i m so eager for my human to come back ! newline newline i love my human ! newline newline i m very tired these days , but it s ok ! when my human comes back , i ll just snuggle in his lap and take a nap ! mmm , a nap , that sounds nice ! i think i ll take one now while i wait . my human will wake me up when he comes back , he always does ! newline newline i love my fry !scan the barcode and place the item in the correct bin . scan the barcode and place the item in the correct bin . newline newline newline i do this until 5 in the morning . six days a week . ten hours a day . i haven  t seen the sun this month . i  m a busy little vampire . 3 hours left in the shift and all i have to look forward to is a smoke break in the crowded commons area outside . we  re packed into the fenced enclosure and quietly watch as the moths commit suicide against the lights . do moths get lung cancer ? i wish i were a moth . newline newline newline newline maybe i  ll ask that fat girl in the shipping office if she wants to get lunch on sunday . we could settle for each other and raise fat kids in a section 8 house on the rough side of the city . then we  ll both wish we were moths . newline newline newline newline there  s no time to think about that now . here comes the boss . work harder not smarter and you too can have a smarmy grin . try that smile out . look happy . be busy . scan the barcode and place the item in the correct bin . newlinethere lay the fiend . beaten . broken . defeated . newline newline a meager shadow of the monster fabled by the elders . newline newline  moloch . that  s the name they gave you . did you know that , wretch ?  newline newline bahadur spoke with an almost sadistic conviction , without any hint of fear or pain enunciated by his voice . none would blame him if there had been , seeing as his robes were covered in his blood , with deep gashes straight through his flesh , exposing the marrow of the mortal . newline newline  you still refuse to speak ?  newline newline bahadur stood in the confines of a dungeon . buried leagues below the temple of his convent , he had been elected to fulfill the most important duty of his order . a masterful warlock in his own right , bahadur had been infused with the might of his peers as well after the millennial conclave had elected him warden . newline newline  you see , moloch . i  ve had a thought . this strange game we play , the millennial dance between you and the order , is frankly pointless.  newline newline the young warden stood before his charge . even bested , the fiend betrayed no sense of servility , angrily pulling at the bright golden chains that bound it . resembling something like a minotaur , ten feet tall and made of shadows and lightning . every time it lunged , sparks and flame burst forth from the points where chain met demon . newline newline  five thousand years . five different wardens . five different binding rituals . for what ? your existence is abhorrent ! what spell did you use to entrap the minds of my order in such a dread that they refuse to end you ?  newline newline a pause . newline newline  tell me !  newline newline everything became fire . an inferno spawned on the floor that engulfed the entire dungeon . a piercing screech mixed with a howl was drowned out by the rampaging conflagration . newline newline  oh ? did you say something that time ?  newline newline the fire had disappeared , leaving the dungeon smouldering with moloch in the center , finally still . a wide , arrogant smile was on bahadurs lips . newline newline  i  m breaking this cycle . for all the tall tales about you i  ve heard , you  ve lived up to none of them.  newline newline the warlock held out his hand . a bright flash of light , and he was holding a glimmering axe made of light in his hands . without hesitating , he brought the axe down on the prostrated moloch . a flash of light , and a gale of wind immersed the room for moment . then tranquility . what remained of moloch was merely a pile of dust on the floor . bahadur stood there , catching his breath . newline newline  it is done  newline newline   indeed it is.   newline newline bahadur was shocked stiff . he had spoken without meaning to . clutching his mouth , he began to feel something he hadn  t felt during this entire ordeal  fear . newline newline   did it not occur to you that the order had a very good reason for not destroying me , bahadur ?   newline newline the mage stood up straight , eerily still . not breathing , not blinking . he began to levitate , and spun towards the exit leading out of the dungeon . newline newline   it is my turn to be warden.   newlinejudy walked into the waiting room for her latest interview with a set of fresh green eyes and a radiant smile . newline newline they called her name , she walked in and sat down in front of her idol . newline  so , you re judy ?  newline newline  yes , maam .  newline  anything you wan na ask or talk about before we get started ?  newline  well , i was just wondering if you could per chance discuss what an average day here at corruptio llc would look like under your leadership ?  newline  you want me to tell you what an average day as my disciple is like ? uhm , well how about i just tell you what today was like and we can go from there ?  judy nodded , her green eyes lighting up from excitement . newline newline  well , i woke up to : newline  shit , shit , shit ! where are my keys ?  i cringed as i got up and looked around at andrea try to get her shit together . petra was helping her get ready . i felt a sharp pain in my side , and picked up a set of keys that looked vaguely familiar . i handed them to andrea adding on a quick goodbye while andrea rushed off to make sure everything was ready for todays interviews . i checked my snapchat , and sighed when she saw 3 notifications , but none of them were from donny . donny was my goal , my fulfillment in life . to see him get his hopes and dreams shattered , well ... i would give anything to see it happen . tammy did nt think it was right , but well , who cares what tammy thinks ? newline newline but i could tell donny would not be an easy one to shatter . donny had spent his whole life building his confidence and his deep political and religious views . laying down the perfect education , the perfect philosophy , and the perfect framework for the rest of his life and family . you see , donny , was the perfect underdog story . he had nothing , raised in poverty and put in the hard work and determination to succeed in school , society , and sports . got a full ride scholarship to attend yale and well , of course he chose duke instead to take care of his poor grandma instead . what a waste if you ask me . so much talent , so much potential . yet he wastes it , trying to be  noble  and all that other fairy tale crap . what . a . joke . newline newline my phone was ringing . i picked it up , thinking it might have been andrea , forgetting her resume or something . i have to say , andrea is amazing , but she is way too forgetful . the other day , she went out to frame someone for cheating , and she forgot to bring the evidence that she was going to plant ! stupid girl had to leave a voicemail instead , which we agreed earlier was much too boring . my heart stopped when i picked up the phone . i mean , granted , that s under the assumption i have a heart to begin with , but still . it was the one that i wake up every morning in hopes of seeing . it was donny . newline  hey , i m sorry i did nt get your text , i had to take my grandma to the er .  ugh , i freaking hate when he does this . he always just shows off , how stupidly goody two shoes he is , and it is the most cringey thing ever . newline  uh , i only sent it like an hour ago ?  newline  yeah i know , but i remembered that we had that conversation about communicating and keeping our relationship to the fullest , and i just felt bad how i was putting all this pressure on you , and then for me to go out and do the same thing , it jus  newline  yeah , look , i literally do nt mind at all , no worries .  newline  ok , thanks babe .  i dropped the phone . babe  ? are you kidding me ? this is way too similar to that other guy kyle . hmm , maybe i could have them find out i m cheating on them with each other , that would be a good way to end it . nah , way too simple . they d just bro it out , it s not ... permanent enough . i ll ask simone for her thoughts , she always comes up with good material . newline  babe ? you there ?  newline  oh . uhm . yeah . sorry ? i ... uhhh ... was just ...  newline  what ?  newline  my phone slipped ! sheesh , would you let me finish ?  newline  oh , i m sorry , i did nt really mea  newline  if you never let me finish , how am i supposed to communicate my thoughts steven ! ?  newline  you mean donny ?  newline  you know what , i m sick of this .  newline newline i snapped my fingers , and i heard his throat croak over the phone . i laughed , said  i guess that s a little more permanent .  and then i came straight to the interview . any questions ?  newline newline jessica looked over to see judy with a frightened , deer in the headlights look . jessica shot a quick text to andrea saying newline this one looks amusing . put her into training , we re keeping her . may 5th 2019 newline it has only been a week since the bombs went off . i managed to hear about the attack on my radio and got to safety in the nick of time . i have enough canned food to last me for 6 maybe 7 years . it s all i had time for . the shelter was nt completely ready . there has been nothing on the radio since that day . cinco de mayo today , at least i have my tequila . newline newline july 4th 2019 newline independence day . i find myself very independent lately . it is nt so bad really i ve managed to read a few books . i have taken up wood carving as a hobby due to the large pile of scrapwood i happened to stock in the corner . at some point i do nt think i ever really planned to use this shelter for what it was intended . i am finding things i did nt even know i put down here so many months ago . newline newline october 31st 2019 newline i wore my hazmat suit today . the closet thing to a costume i could come up with . it is getting kind of lonely but still just white noise on the radio . newline newline december 25th 2019 newline christmas just is nt the same with no one to celebrate with . newline newline february 14th 2020 newline happy valentine s day to me . i only had enough chocolate for one holiday . well no more valentine s day s . stacks of old playboys were my only company . you never really think about how spoiled you were with the internet until you find yourself beating off to still images again , but even that gets boring . newline newline august 12th 2020 newline still just white noise on the radio . i drew myself a face on my volleyball today . cast away had some good points . it does nt really take away the lonliness . newline newline may 5th 2022 newline three years . all my tequila is gone . fuck . newline newline january 1st 2023 newline happy new year ! at least i think its the new year . time has really started to flow together . i sleep for nearly two thirds the day now and i swear i see shadows when i m awake . its unnerving to feel like someone else is in the bunker other than wilson and me . still radio silence newline newline october 31st 2023 newline wilson dressed as a basketball this year , the irony . i made myself up like tom hanks from cast away . not much of a couple costume but there s no one to impress . newline newline aprilish 2024 newline i woke up to the sound of a mans voice today ! a real voice !  just a typical day in washington  he said and then started rattling off the news just like it was a typical wednesday . i really thought about opening the doors , but wilson told me i m crazy , that he did nt hear anyone on the radio . i m getting really tired of his naysaying .i knew my old man would never forgive me . for years i have lived under the old mans all mighty rule , walking on eggshells , peaking around the corners . always moving from one shadow to the next as silent as my toes would allow . for the past three years i have only wanted one thing , one thing i desire from this world , for my older brother to become the monarch of the family . for the hands that rule the kingdom we reside in currently to become that of my older brothers . a forgiving and overall a new start to my measly life . newline newline i ll never forget the night i was told of my future marriage , how my father sold me in revenge . with cold dark eyes staring , unforgiving , i eased on the side of caution as i picked at the food in front of me . the glare sharpened and the atmosphere darkened with each bite . the tension was about to break when all the sudden it changed . from night one moment to day the next , my father sat back with a smile , a rare moment in the last few years , all directed in my direction . newline newline my brother and sisters , the servants , and even the damn dog pulled back in shock . the air was tight , my breath shortened and i waited in what had felt like an eternity of silence , broken only by the old mans white teeth as his smile grew , stretching from ear to ear . reaching for something obscured by the tables decorations he sat down his silverware . newline newline  boy ...  he spoke softly , amusement dancing in his tone .  the time has come for you to contribute to this family . you have freeloaded for long enough and as the second born son your future has always been shadowed by your older brother . i have given much thought to this and after some small consideration i have decided to arrange a marriage for you  . with the end of his small speech he reached for his goblet and frank , never taking his eyes off me . newline newline i was flooded with emotions . anger at first , sadness , regret for never reconciling with him and then a small flash of hope . i was quick to conceal my smile . maybe this was my chance to leave to some foreign country filled with adventure . to escape the old mans shadow would be a blessing in disguise . and a wife might not be a bad thing , all circumstances considered . i knew i had to play this right in not to seem over eager at the prosperity of escape . newline newline setting my knife and fork down slowly , i appeared , genuinely , shocked . i took everything in and even stared at my brother who watched but did not reveal any emotions . i turned to my father and with a whisper , asked  when ?  . i knew my father well enough and the bastard played dirty . if he knew i was excited , if he thought that i would be happy , it would all fall apart and he would ensure a worse outcome for my future . newline newline with a returning smile , he took another drink and locked eyes with me ,  next week . the marriage will take place in the courtyard . invitations have been sent to the four kingdoms and the tailor has already begun working on your wedding attire  . newline newline  next week  , i blurted , white knuckles grabbing the edges of my seat .  next week  he replied . that was the last of our conversation that night . small talk between my older brother and that of my younger sisters took place on the far side of the table with my father . i sat alone on my side . i wanted to ask questions but knew there was no point . who , where , why , how s ... none of it mattered . i knew that any further communication in regards to my now soon approaching wedding was irrelevant . his wish , his rule , his way . that s how its been for the last few years . newline newline the following days were jam packed with activity . the kingdom in which we presided was in a flurry in preparations . the courtyard transformed from a garden to an event hall . tents were erected . decorations plastered . everyone was excited and yet i still knew nothing of what was to come . i had dreams of a gorgeous woman in a far off land . i had worries of some dark and grotesque witch with body covered in warts , straight from the fairy tales we listened to as children . in the end i gave up . anything would be better than the hell i had created for myself here , in my home . in a place that was once filled with laughter , love , and happiness was now a cage of misery . newline newline the day of my wedding , i awoke to my father sitting in a plushy chair next to my rooms fireplace . he was deep in a book that i had left on the table . from the looks of it , he had been there for quite some time . i left him in peace for a few moments prior to making my presence known . setting the book down , he turned to me . newline newline  you ve been a better sport than that of what i was expecting . i almost feel bad for not discussing with you in more detail , my plans  . newline newline he was goading me into lashing out . i knew he was , and this i downplayed him to the best of my ability without angering him . newline newline  son , i look forward to this day . i will be standing as your right man in place of your brother . as my son it is my duty to ensure you have a prosperous future and as my blood , you are a reflection on myself , be ready by the mid day bells  . newline newline and with that he disappeared from my room . i shook my head , finished waking up and grabbed breakfast . the kitchen staff was in a flurry and i was quick to not distract them . everyone appeared to be happy for me and i was just going through the motions . a puppet without strings , i did my fathers bidding by keeping silent and to the shadows , going along with his desires . newline newline the last few hours of my being bachelor were not filled with adventure , drinks , friends or food . i had either none of that or very little . i sat in my favorite tree and watched as most of people all over the lands made their way to our castle . made themselves comfortable and connected . i watched humans interact with all the races of the neighboring kingdoms . newline newline when the noon bells came , i made my way down the tree and to my room where i was met by a tailor . washed , dressed and cleaned up i found my self in the gardens not too long after . i stood on the podium engulfed by flowers , banners and people . when my father made his appearance everyone stood and bowed . he stood behind me and with a confidence unmatched by others , the old man looked magnificent in his suit , like a work of art , framed and hung on the cobblestone walls within the great hall . newline newline while everyone was anxious to meet the soon to be bride , to know who it even was and which kingdom we were strengthening our ties to , my father stepped forward and whispered just loud enough for me to hear and no other . newline newline  i want you to remember this day boy , for the rest of your days , today is the day you are married.the music begun to play , signaling the entrance of the bride .  i also want you to remember how you wronged me . how you took and took and lied  . my heart sank with that . and i tried my best not to hang my head . newline newline i never expected what was to come . to have spent what little life i had experienced , my destiny was revealed to me . i saw her arm first as she swiveled around , coming from the far end of the garden . it did nt occur to me at first that what i was seeing was not what i had expected . newline newline her face was hidden by a veil but her short stature and thick limbs gave her away . a small snout protruded from the veil , lifting it from her face , still hidden but the hint of two tusks . my mind was slower to put the pieces together than i would have liked . after a few seconds that stretched , i came to realize that my very soon to be wife was that of the warg people . a bipedal species evolved from that of a warthog . i was in disbelief and more importantly , i was embarrassed and humiliated as some laughs broke out . i stopped caring and turned to my father . newline newline  you re a bastard  , i said with wet eyes , mustering as dark and soft a tone as i could  i will not forgive you for all of eternity  . with that i turned , stood my ground and went through the motions . i hope that my words inflicted some damage on him , but i knew they would nt . before she was on the podium , i heard him whisper ,  you took my prized bertha , my prized pig and ate her , this is my revenge son  . newline newline and that was the last that we would talk . my old man s a bastard and he can keep his kingdom . i carried on for as long as i could . come time to consummate i could nt and thus i ran . throwing my heritage to the winds i said  fuck it  , and abandoned my life , kingdom , family and wife . to this day , my people have been at war with the warg over my actions and while i feel bad and some what responsible . i also feel a freedom in being able to choose my own path as well as wife . newline newline it took me years before i was able to stomach bacon , the warg people do not eat bacon , respectively so , and the thought of giving it up forever was something i just was nt able to commit to . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlineit was all over the news , the flashing and sparking of power lines and generators , except of course now that the news was now being thrown into the streets by men hanging from the backs of garbage trucks ,  all over  was about 5 pages . it was funny how prepared everyone seemed . of course the first day was filled with anger and confusion . people rushed the streets and demanded answers , compensations . but once they realized that nothing would be given except the stark truth , that there would be no flip of the switch to turn back on the lights , they all quickly went about the business of preparing . they rationed water , put out fires and set up lines of communications . the second day was worse . after people had spent a night in the cold dark , they looked around themselves at the incredible destruction with new perspective . it seemed as though everyone wept that day . i think that they saw the screens and motors and chips that permeated everything in their lives as an expression of human ingenuity , a silicon shepard which would lead them to lives carried out in end game , free from the agony and oppression of corrupt governments , unpredictable economies , famine and war . they cried in abnegation for the lost years of study , the waste of their humanly inheritance . newline newline nay , i say . newline newline what i saw in the streets of the city was more akin to the throes of a drunkard denied his drink . if the whole of humanity could be summed by the people in the fallen metropolis below me , and if they could be represented by a single man , then i saw him beat his fists against the ground , licking the dirt in vain to recover his poisonous indulgences . newline newline they didn  t know it yet , but they were weeping as a newborn weeps , out of confusion and powerlessness , unable to feed themselves without help , to protect themselves from their harsh environs . soon they would realize that the scales of economy that sustained them previously had subsided , and a great exodus would soon occur . it would begin with those that had lived on the outskirts their whole lives , their comparatively rough lifestyles lowering the bar to entry into the countryside . ironically they would be the pioneers of the future , leaders of the vagrants . but it would not be a gruesome tale of starvation for them . men had knowledge this time , and with it they would rebuild . they would take their libraries upon their backs like the household gods of troy , and use the knowledge as hammer and nail . all would work hard , and honestly , for they would be working for the food to put in their mouths , the clothes to put on their backs , and their neighbors beside them . newline newline the man looked down at the city burning in the growing light of the sun . as its radiance slid down the mountainside , he could see men hiking up towards him , backs laden with supplies and gear , their families in tow and confident . he smiled , and went to greet them . newline so this is what happens huh ? this is where it got me ?  newline newline sam mused as he glanced around at the ornate setting . the lavish living room  the type you only see in magazines , rap videos , and probably donald trump s wet dreams . but it was nt his . none of it was his . it was all the property of the man who d led him to this point . newline newline  what do you mean by that ?  mr. phoenix , his boss , asked as he slouched leisurely . for once the smirk did nt exist . holy shit . sam did nt think he d ever see that happen . he s never been completely serious as far as he d known him . newline newline  what s the point in all this ?  sam asked in a blank tone ,  it all does nt make sense . i never wanted things to end up like this .  newline newline  i think it ended up how it should ve .  phoenix replied ,  things could nt have worked out any other way . i ve seen that look before . you re not okay with our arrangements ?  newline newline  i never wanted a life like this .  sam mentioned grimly ,  i just wanted to pay my way for once . just pay the bills . pay for school . pay my family back for all the good they ve done . i wanted to make them happy ... . all i wanted to do was be successful .  newline newline  and you are .  phoenix said ,  my daughter , as well as the rest of your friends , are glad you re back on the team .  newline newline  at what cost ? ?  sam interrupted ,  phoenix , for christ sakes , people are dead now man ! i i mean fuck man ... i i did nt ... what have i done ? ?  newline newline  they died because of the choices they made .  phoenix smirked classically ,  we just seized opportunities that came along .  phoenix watched as sam squirmed again  the dreadlocks hiding his eyes as he stared at the handgun he d laid on the table earlier . newline newline  did they though ?  sam guessed cynically ,  i mean , the bullets tended to do a lot of the work .  he watched phoenix as he polished off some whisky . newline newline  that s the thing . everybody has something they re good at . and we all agree , you ve probably found it .  phoenix paused to himself ,  i ll admit it  at first i thought you were just some dumb stoner who d gotten in too deep with the wrong crowd . yknow , our mutual friend with the kungfu skills , the twins , and the others you hung in college with ...  newline newline he checked to see if sam was still following him . he was . phoenix had to chuckle for a moment . newline newline for a 23 year old , sam was probably one of the most unusually intimidating people he d met in a long time . he did nt know it , but he d become something of a legend . people know of his existence  and fear his wrath . yet here he is , halfbaked in the living room , oblivious as usual , in the throes of an identity crisis . newline newline  so ...  phoenix continued ,  since they seemed to respect you , i assumed you must have skills of some sort . so i gave you a test , of sorts .  newline newline  by test  you mean a high speed tour of chicago , via threatening my family .  sam reminded him casually . newline newline  oh come on , the footage was prerecorded . i just had someone dress it up enough to make you think you had no options . and i prefer to call it a scavenger hunt .  phoenix countered emphatically . newline newline  i nearly got hit by a train !  sam noted angrily . newline newline  i did nt plan on you getting caught in a car accident .  phoenix shrugged ,  people need to quit texting and driving .  newline newline  they really do .  sam offhandedly nodded . newline newline  and yet you avoided the police , found the items , shot a mercenary in the leg , and generally proved you are a bit of a badass when put in a nowin situation .  newline newline  he was nt a mercenary .  sam started ,  you said pete did runs for coffee and donuts for you .  newline newline  yeah , after you shot him in the femoral artery .  that takes a while to heal from . pete did do some work in panama in the 90 s though . seriously , the guy s no joke . like one time , he had this watermelon , and the columbians were closing in  phoenix waved his hands suddenly ,  i m getting off track . the point is , you re made for this stuff .  newline newline  hold on , the fuck happened with the watermelon ?  sam balked . newline newline  nevermind that ,  phoenix calmed down ,  the point is , and it s obvious : you actually like this shit .  newline newline  say what now ?  sam realized . newline newline  you like this stuff anymore .  phoenix outlined ,  you could ve backed out of everything you ve done until now , and been a regular student like all the others . most of it , you could ve just said no  to . at a certain point , we did nt even have to ask . and then , one day , you walked away  just like that ...  he rolled the ice around the bottom of the glass he held for a moment . newline newline  i ve been keeping tabs . things have been rough . you ve suffered some losses at home i hear ? sorry to hear that . really .  newline newline  yeah , well ... it is what it is .  sam remarked suddenly in earnest .  thought i was just the errand boy , considering i owe you money .  there it was . that calculating thought pattern they d all grown to respect . newline newline  not anymore . you ve helped this company immensely .  newline newline  quit playing with me man . the shit ai nt funny any more . i fuckin  ruined my life ! i should nt have ever done anything for you .  newline newline sam estimated the horrors they d put him through over the years ,  you should ve charged me , or broke my legs , or whatever . this shit is nt worth dying over . student loans or not . go talk to l or noah  they re more cut out for the shit you need .  newline newline  you guys shot your way out of a methlab trailer park in kentucky to get my daughter back .  phoenix noted ,  needless to say , i think you ve earned your keep .  newline newline  i ... yeah , okay , we did do that shit .  sam remembered ,  holy shit ...  newline newline  holy shit is right . do you know how much we made that week ?  newline newline  i have nt gotten a dime of it though .  sam remarked ,  i mean damn ! if your gon na  rip me off , at least tell me at some point .  newline newline  look at the tablet .  phoenix said as he scooted it over . he watched sam s eyes widen . horror , then joy . then horror again , followed by apprehension . newline newline  the hell s this ?  sam stammered in shock . he d never seen that much money , let alone expected to see it under his name . newline newline  the account is clean , do nt worry . zoey had it setup when you left . it s just collecting interest , and well  its your cut . you ve made capital and erased your debts along the way . so there s that too .  phoenix concluded . newline newline  i do nt know what to say .  sam muttered in disbelief ,  thanks . thank you .  newline newline  no problem . least we could do .  phoenix admitted as he produced a folder .  although , we ve got more things to do . since you re here , i know a couple of people who need to be reminded who runs this patch .  newline newline sam lit a cigarette and pushed the tablet back for a moment . newline newline  so who s car we taking ?  he sighed complacently . newline newline  depends really ,  phoenix dismissed ,  you know how to use a grenade launcher ?  newline newline  we have one of those ? beneath my feet lay immaculate white marble in an endless expanse . st. peter stood before me , waiting for a response . behind him hovered two sepharim , each with four faces , eight wings ,  flaming swords . they gaurded a great river of light which would carry men to their own paradise . but not me . not a second passed between me considering jumping into the river anyhow  the sepharim grabbing their swords . they were in my mind . if peter was as well , he was nt making it known . he still wanted an answer . newline newline  i thought it would taste good .  newline newline  that s all you have in your defense ?  newline newline  in my defense , it tasted great .  newline newline  you re not helping your case , son .  newline newline  if it was so important to everyone here , why did nt it make it on to the new list ? mustnt ve been that important .  newline newline  lo , my child . it was needed in the original commandments  witheld from those given to moses because of other prominent  destructive sins amongst the chosen people in the postexodus climate    newline newline  climate change is a bitch .  newline newline  unsatisfactory puns were outlawed here in 1837 bc . i ll advise you against it .  newline newline  facist . but if the rule was important enough to be the last of the 10 original sins , you shouldnt ve removed it . i never killed anyone or adultered because those were commandments . my acts  faith should redeem me despite this one action , as they do with all my other transgressions .  newline newline  normally your faith alone would be enough , were yours not the ultimate sin .  newline newline  it ai nt that bad .  newline newline  it s wrong .  newline newline  i ve done worse .  newline newline  technically , no , you have nt .  newline newline  i reckon i have .  newline newline  by divine edict , you can not .  newline newline  recount my sins . i have .  newline newline  no .  newline newline  let me in .  newline newline  no .  newline newline  i do nt see what the problem is .  newline newline  you boiled a baby goat in its mother s milk .  newline newline  yep . good stuff . i had a nicely spiced stout to wash it down .  newline newline  you re going to hell . a lot of people could complain about their jobs . newline newline astronauts have the stress , lawyers have the anxiety , me ? i have my cash register , and my lovely store from which i can see from my humble table . newline newline my boss stocks the games with me , she smiles down at me when i do a good job and sometimes she even pets my head ! it s really a lovely job ! ! newline newline if i did nt wish for this as a kid , i would nt have met such a great friend and a lifelong business partner . she recognizes my worth and really cares for and protects me just as i do for her . newline newline i m also grateful for the absolutely nonexistent amount of stress because ... well ... newline no one said they wanted to be a customer . mark was laughing . the dog , boomer , running happily between his two people . but then julie was falling and boomer was whining . newline newline why were we laughing ?  newline newline mark cried out and julie wondered why it was so dark . it was afternoon right ? she smiled . newline newline  eclypse .  she explained to her fiance , and giggled as the dogs wet nose tickled her neck . newline newline she could nt feel the damage in her brain , just a sense of peace as the aneurism stole her away from her two frantic companions . newline newline her eyes slid closed against the eclypse . it was dangerous to look directly at it . her second grade teacher mrs. heart had taught her that .uharrobash s pulse quickened . first one upvote . then a second . soon his prompt was trending and on the frontpage of rwritingprompts . but time passed , and while his submission was getting upvotes , still no one responded . the wait was killing him , and he reluctantly tore himself away from reddit to do some useful living . newline newline an hour later he returned . what s this in the corner ? an orange envelope ! he had never seen one before , and let out an excited exclamation as he clicked it . he wondered which brilliant writer had responded . ulunalovewell ? uschoolgirlerror ? maybe udraxagon ? he stared at his inbox , underwhelmed . newline newline in response to his brilliant prompt , udiddler6969420 had responded simply : newline newline  lol mn , this shud be gud .  sir , it s time . mr trump s vehicle has entered the perimeter .  newline newline obama glanced back at the secret service agent and nodded .  yes indeed . thank you for your loyalty , and i m glad you ll be here for this one last event .  newline newline  of course , sir .  the agent opened the door and before obama had even turned to face him , trump was barging inside , his own assortment of agents flanking him . newline newline  well , hey that looks like my new chair , barry !  trump danced over to the desk and plopped himself down in obama s former seat , his momentum sending the chair rolling a couple feet .  no hard feelings , barry , you had a good run . but someone s got ta fix this country up right .  newline newline  yes , well , maybe you re the man for the job . this nation needs someone devoted to it heart and soul . this nation needs someone who will stand up for its people and who will  newline newline  yeah yeah , give it a rest . just do whatever you got ta do so you can leave . you re out and i m in .  trump s expression was the dictionary definition of smug and obama scowled down at his face , one eye twitching . newline newline  all you need is this ring . it belongs to the commanderinchief . contains top secret info only the president had access to .  obama held out a silver band with a blue gemstone , tiny lights quivering and flashing inside . trump snatched it rudely and eyed it , a boyish giggle rising up from his chest . newline newline  sounds real mysterious , obama . well , if that s all , get out .  trump s agents took a step forward and gestured to the door . obama regarded them coldly and his eyes traveled back to trump with a slowly building anger . newline newline  yes , i ll be out of your wellkept hair in no time . just one last piece of business .  obama extended his open hand toward trump expectantly . newline newline  what the hell is this ?  newline newline  my hand ,  obama answered .  shake it . it s customary for every president to do when entering the office . otherwise , there will always be doubt . there will always be rumors .  newline newline  jeez , barry . if you re this hungry for anything to annoy me , then fine . i ll shake your damn hand .  trump reached out , cautiously at first , then grasped obama s hand .  there . hap oof !  trump grunted as obama punched nine inches of cold steel into trump s chest , gritting his teeth as he did so . newline newline  sorry , donald . but you re getting impeached .  he let go of the knife and stared into the shocked eyes of trump as he fell back and hit the ground with a satisfying thud .  obama reached for a handkerchief and paused , staring at his hands . he ignored the commotion in the corner as two more agents slipped in to subdue trump s retinue . throughout the rest of the white house he could hear shouts and bangs as trump s bodyguards were overcome . newline newline his agent he d spoken to earlier trotted up and cleared his throat .  enemy captured , sir . threat eliminated ... sir ?  obama looked up at him then down to his hands . his clean , unblemished hands . newline newline  the blood ,  obama muttered . newline newline  sir ? there is no blood .  newline newline  exactly .  they both looked at obama s hands in unison and then stared at trump s body on the floor . his eyes were open but he was smiling , one eye flashing red . his mouth opened but his lips did nt move , as a tiny voice as if from a radio said , you re fired , barry !  newline newline obama shouted and tackled the agent to the floor as trump s body exploded , sending obama and his bodyguard flying across the oval office and crashing into the opposite wall . when obama opened his eyes again , he was greeted by the smug grin on trump s decapitated head , wires and metal poking out from his torn neck . he grimaced and struggled to his feet as men in black suits rushed in shouting orders . he could just barely hear the muffled sounds of a man telling him he might have internal injuries over the roaring and ringing in his ears . newline newline half the desk had been reduced to splinters and the oval office was intact , albeit with shattered windows and a smoking crater in the floor .  are your alright , sir ? can you hear me ?  came the shouting voice on his left . newline newline  he s coming ,  obama croaked . newline newline  what ?  the man flinched at the sounds of gunshots outside the white house . newline newline  men , protocol delta . trump is trying to seize control through force . we wo nt let him . initiate full lockdown .  newline newline  mr president , sir , what about you ?  a bodyguard asked near the door . newline newline  if trump wants the presidency , he ll have to pry it from my cold , dead hands .  obama ripped his suit open to reveal kevlar and ammo belts underneath . he walked over to a bust of george washington s head and snapped the head back on a hinge , revealing a glowing , red button . when he pressed it , one section of the wall of the oval office sunk deeper into the building and then slid around the room , exposing a long wall of weapons . obama grabbed two shotguns and let them rest on twin holsters on his back . he also grabbed a grenade belt , two chrome pistols , four small throwing knives , and one huge sword almost as long as obama was tall . in the pommel was a red jewel and the hilt was a pair of golden eagle wings spread out as if soaring . he put this on his back between the two shotguns and grabbed an assault rifle , turning to face his men .  let s get this going .  newline newline  sir , trump breached the building ,  a secret service agent reported .  he seemed to have access to some exploits enabling him to bypass the defenses .  newline newline  well , it s time for a real inauguration ceremony ,  obama muttered , and he led his small army down the gals to where trump was storming inside . turning the corner , obama could only watch in surprise as dozens of copies of trump filed into the building . they looked up and smiled and spoke with trump s voice in unison . newline newline  hey there , barry . look at you . all prepped and ready for me . bet toy are nt expecting my trump card !  laughter broke out amongst the trumps and obama rolled his eyes . he leveled his rifle and sent one shot into the skull of one of the trumps , the head erupting in a shower of sparks and bits of metal . they were robots , just like the first .  well , if course i ca nt come in to get my new suit dirty . but my trump bots would love to see you and your friends out . even if you ll be leaving in body bags . trumpets ! attack !  newline newline just like that , the white house became a battlefield . the trump bots morphed into metal monstrosities , hands changing into saws or pincers or machine guns  chests opening up into yawning maws , metal ribcages snapping like teeth  backs ripping open to release a bank of metal tentacles . one bot s face split into four sections , opening wide in a gruesome grin full of razor sharp teeth , grinding and whirring as it drew closer . another one s legs split apart into eight spindly spider legs , its hands growing and turning into claws , its spine elongating and ending in a wicked scorpion stinger . another stretched until it resembled a wide barrel shape , the mouth puckering into a hose before belching out flames down the hall . trump had spared no expense on his army of horrors . newline newline obama screamed and started firing and soon all of his men were doing the same , filling the hallway with the stench of oil and gun smoke . one trump bot , a torso with arms and legs spinning on either side like spokes inside tires and its mouth a gaping bear trap of powerful teeth , rolled over the man who d treated him after the explosion and obama cut the robot down with machine gunfire . another trump bot wielding a bo staff of flexible trump limbs came laughing and hollering at the group and was met by a wall of steel . soon the bots were upon obama and his men and they had to resort to their closecombat weaponry . newline newline obama hacked through limbs and appendages , the hallway blanketed in human and robot limbs alike . his blade gleamed like fire and he could only scream like a banshee as he tore through robots like paper . obama turned and was met with a loud thwump as a trump bot let out a sonic blast in his face , which launched him down the hall several yards . he looked up as the metal monster loomed over him , ready to meet his end , when suddenly its head opened up into a wide , jagged hole and it fell over , a bodyguard standing behind it with a smoking shotgun . newline newline  he looked like everyone else since his childhood . but when he would meet other kids and start talking they seemed to lose interest in him . they would go back to their games in a fast pace . he wouldn  t be able keep up with them so he would always just be on the outside staring at their happy smiles . the bell would ring and they would start running . it was like they were in a hurry to attend their class . even there all the other students must have been smarter because until he raised his arm to answer a question all the others would have already raised theirs and answered . that didn  t stop him though . he continued to go to school even when they were making fun of him . even when he would return to his home , crying on his mother lap . newline newline  why mama are they so mean to me ?  he would always ask her with his trembling mouth .   cause they don  t understand you , sweetie  she would always answer brushing his hair quickly . the night would always arrive relievedly soon . and one morning his mother would say to him that she made up her mind . he must go to a special school . because he was a special boy too . he would smile and nod . there he would meet other kids like him . he was sure . there the teachers wouldn  t mind waiting for him to finish his sentences . and he was always first at class . the children would have round faces and round eyes . and they would speak slower than his previous classmates . however , they would not make much sense to him . maybe they were also too smart for him . maybe that  s what the teachers think about him and they were just condescending and they have been agreeing with anything he would say all along . he didn  t want to go to school anymore . he asked his mother sobbingly to stay with her . and she couldn  t say no to him . years would have passed and whenever he would go out he would see all the other kids all grown up with patches of hair on their chin or on their cheeks but he would still not have touched a razor . newline newline after a while his mother would get old and sick and he would have to go outside his house to bring all that was necessary for their home . but he would be so afraid outside because everything seemed to him so dangerous . the cars would pass by furiously in front of him making him not able to catch his breath . the street lights were too quick for him and a car would crash his leg . a pain so much excruciating added to his pain of insufficiency . the ambulance would take him with haste to the hospital and all the doctors would be perplexed on why the leg wasn  t healing fast enough . he would ask  what is wrong  but they would never sit long enough to explain to him . until a doctor who was older than the rest would tell him that he had a condition . the boy would say newline newline  i know , i am slow  . newline newline  well , yes you are slow . but not in the way you think  , the doctor couldn  t stand straight anymore although it was only for a brief period of time . he picked a chair so fast like it was out of feathers and placed it underneath him . newline newline  you see , you have a condition that we have never seen yet . your whole organism seems to be working in a sluggish rhythm  , the doctor would tie quickly the strings on his robe . the young man would never do it so fast . he would never be as fast as everyone . but his thoughts were similar like everyone else ? newline newline  do you mean i am smart after all ? but what about all the other people ?  he asked and the doctor would look at the clock hanging on the wall . he would follow the old man  s gaze staring at it as the seconds would go furiously quick . he never understood what  s the purpose of counting the seconds of a minute . newline newline  my son , it seems that you have a different internal clock . you perceive everything much faster than the rest people . for example this clock for us is much slower than the way you see it.  newline newline that would mean the the whole world was going faster than him . he stayed for more medical tests but the doctors couldn  t find any more explanations on why this was happening and for the time being they didn  t have any use for him at the hospital . he soon would go back to his home but his condition would come out to the local news and everyone would ask him about it . waiting nervously for him to finish his sentences . he decided to start writing a book . he would use a writing processor that would predict his words by typing the first letters so it would not take him that long . the title of the book was  the man who walked slowly  . there he would describe how fast does everything move in comparison with him . the need for people to slow down and live their time which goes by before they realise . the book reached all parts of the country and soon he would have his first students . they would visit him and try to live synchronously with his rhythm . they would focus on every second passing by . now he is much older and all his past friends have passed away . but new friends have came across his path sharing his slow but enlightening thoughts . newline newlinethere i layed on that table with people i did nt know around me . it was nt hot but all i could feel was a piercing chill through my while body that made me sweat . i could feel how the air was thinking as i exhaled . the grey world around me slowly faded away and darkness fell over me like a the night after a very long day . newline newline i suddenly felt the release of my body into nothingness as a liberating and forgiving force expanding me in all directions until i could nt feel where myself started or ended . newline the bigger i was getting the brighter the light was all around me , i was nothing and all . newline newline then i slowly started to contract again but this time i was nt the body that was lying somewhere i can barely remember . this time i was the true me  nothing but a irradiacent sphere shining in all directions but no matter how bright i was my shine felt like a dim light in comparison to the place i was , it was an immense white that smother my whole self . newline newline then i realised i was nt alone , a bigger being started to form next to me . some how it felt familiar but not exactly like part or me . newline newline  welcome  i heard a voice inside of me . newline newline  where..am i ?  i asked . newline newline  your previous existence as you knew it has ceased  the voice replied . newline newline  it is funny  i though , i always believed that you would be born , live , die and that would be the end . nothing more than nothingness . that thought never caused me discomfort at all . quite the opposite , it provided me a speck of hope that one day the suffering of my existence would wash away . newline a sudden realisation of where and why i was flashed thought my mind . newline  i am here to be judged right ?  newline  all of my actions determined my outcome ... so be it !  i said . newline  i am ready for whatever awaits me , either heaven ... or hell  . then i understood what could mean but neither fear nor regret were part of my now ended life thus i m not planing to have them after it . newline newline nothing , just silence . newline newline i wonder if there is something i should do or say . newline newline newline  even though you might nor remember , you ve been here before  said the voice . newline  you ve were judged and what you just lived was your punishment , the cleanse had succeeded and you are able to advance to the next stage  newline newline i could nt not believe what am listening , is that alright ? i was ... in hell ? newline newline the sphere started to expand but thus fine i could feel it s warm radiation . i felt like i was being absorbed , melted into something new . newline and as i also started to expand with it i heard just one more thing : newline newline  joy is yours  . newlinea hot wind blew past the face of fareeze as he stood , staring the smoldering husk of the caravan s supply wagon . all around , the surviving members of caravan were busy helping the injured from the explosion . from fareeze s count there were twenty five of them left  10 men , half beyond the age to be of much use , 7 women , many of whom were injured from the blast , and 8 children , too young to know the consequences of what had just happened . newline newline the twin suns had begun to rise , casting a twilight glow upon the rock wall trapping them from proceeding along the path to shade , their only refuge . after the blast , their caravanner , fareeze , stayed up the entire night making the calculations for their alternate path . they had but two weeks until infernus came to take them , it would take at least a month to get out of the valley . newline newline a hand , weak with exhaustion , clasped fareeze s shoulder from behind as he stared into the blinding flames , it was one of the older men , babor , their weapon master . fareeze turned to face the man , his face was gaunt with an expression in his eyes that showed a mix of terror and confusion . newline newline  they did nt do it , they could nt have ?  he whispered . newline newline fareeze turned back to face the flames ,  you saw the explosion .  newline newline  why ! ? damn hell , why ! ?  newline newline  the rumors around camp .  newline newline the man paused in thought , then :  no ... the fire wolves ?  newline newline fareeze nodded slowly . newline newline babor let out a silent curse dropping his hand from fareeze s shoulder , eyes wide and unblinking . his voice was less than a whisper ,  but we have enough time , we can leave the valley and go around ? we can hunt for food , we have enough ammunition !  newline newline fareeze shook his head .  the wolves , babor . you saw them youself these last few nights . farah tried to tell us . we thought them just rumors from the children ,  he nodded to the wall of rubble ahead ,  but it seems our fellow refugees did nt think so .  newline newline fareeze s thoughts became apparent to babor . a shudder of terror ran through babor as he envisioned the hellish monster in his mind , their weapons would do little against that . his voice rose to a shrill scream ,  so they used us as bait to keep the wolves from attacking the main convoy ! ?  newline newline fareeze stood silent . a silence overtook the camp from babor s outburst . everyone looked to fareeze as he stared at the fire . newline newline an infant began to cry in the arms of her mother where the only surviving wagon still stood , filled to the brim with all the food stores and weapons they saved . fareeze turned around from the dying fire to meet the gaze of the rising suns , it was hot , growing hotter everyday . newline newline  we have one chance .  he addressed the entire camp , voice firm and resolute .  the caves .  newline newline the momentary silence was broken by an injured but young man , sor .  but that route has nt been used for decades ! how do we know it still exists ?  newline newline  it s too dangerous ,  another man chimed in . newline newline  the deadura have taken that place ...  a woman tending an injured child gasped . newline newline  we have no other choice ,  farah beckoned . she was the one scout that survived the explosion , the one person who had seen fire wolves and their cruel ways . newline newline arguments began to ensue among the survivors . screams of those supporting the move against the fire wolves battled those who had seen the terrible cruelty of the deadura . some even spoke of climbing the wall of rubble , leaving the majority of their supplies to rot . newline newline the normally quiet fareeze breathed deeply , and yelled with all his might ,  quiet !  newline newline the arguing mass turned in silent unison . newline newline  take our path in out of the valley and you ll find yourself hunted down , one by one , by the fire wolves , or burned alive by infernus . try to climb that rock wall and we ll have to leave half our supplies behind , we wo nt make it halfway past the desert before we die of thirst .  he paused , looking each person in the eyes ,  if we pass through the caves we ll come out near the old path a full week before infernus takes this entire region .  he lowered the edge in his voice ,  i ve heard the legends of the deadura , and why we do nt use the caves anymore , but it s our only chance ...  newline newline fareeze lowered his gaze to the ground , waiting for the judgement of his peers . newline newline the battle hardened noxus broke the hanging silence .  that s one shitty plan ,  he sighed ,  but i do nt have one that s any better .  he was ready to take the only path available with flechette gun in hand . newline newline babor was next ,  damn it all ! fine !  he turned and walked to the wagon , counting out who could hold a gun .  lucky that explosion did nt hit all of our weapon cache .  he muttered . newline newline sor looked up at the sunrise sky and laughed .  if were gon na die , might as well die fighting .  newline newline farah gave her approval with a command to those around her ,  start packing the goods , we leave on fareeze s mark .  she smiled at fareeze as he lifted his gaze from the ground . newline newline everyone began to fall into place , readying themselves for the treacherous road ahead . newline newline perhaps we have a chance , fareeze thought . newline newline hello ?  i waved my hands in front of her glazed eyes . they were staring straight ahead , at nothing in particular , and i saw no motion or indication of life .  well , damn .  i pulled my chair back , walking towards the light switch , and turned it on . the candles had provided very little light , and it was possible i was wrong . her plate was left halfeaten , and mine was pretty much clean .  no wonder you did nt eat so much .  i chuckled , picking up both of our dishes and brought to the sink , settling them down with a clack , and came back to blew out the candles . a quick glance at my watch told me the time was 7:24pm . the market was closed , i would have to go there tomorrow  that does give me time , however . i tried to adjust her arms , pulling the fork and knife clasped in her hands . the rigidity was already setting in , but for now she was malleable enough . i sniffed , and caught a faint whiff of soil on her , and pulled out the perfume sprayer in my chest pocket . i sprayed her a little , and gave another sniff . ah , a little cleaner now . newline newline i walked over to the closet , my eyes wandering over the photos we took together . there we were , in vienna , and there , in paris . flashes of memories , from a time far before . the closet door opened with a creak as i pulled on it , and i took out the body bag , along with some rope and duct tape , balancing them in my hand while i closed the closet with my shoulder . she still had nt moved a single inch , and i laid out the materials on the dining room floor , the crinkling and rustling of the bag interrupting the silence . not a peep from my beloved . i walked up to her , and took off the necklace around her , eyeing the once vibrant crystal on it . it had shone a bright red before , pulsing with the life force of some unfortunate debtor  now , though , it was a dull black , though there was a reddish tint to it if i held it close enough . what a shame , these things normally last a lot longer . just my luck , i bought a bad one  he probably did nt even want to continue on living . no resolve in the soul whatsoever . newline newline i pressed the pedal on the trash compactor , and threw the pendant in . was nt even worth anything in scrap . then , i set to work , bringing her body slowly off the chair she sat on and onto the bag underneath , sending it crinkling once more . i straightened her arms and legs out , taking exceptional care not to crack it , and could smell the scent of death starting to seep in again . cheap perfume . i took it out , and sprayed the body bag , making sure it smelled all nice , before resuming . the black zippers blended in with the dark material , but i was used enough to know exactly where it was , and i grasped the zipper in one hand while i steadied the bag on top of her , and started pulling it up . the zipping noise almost echoed in the hall  maybe it was just my ears playing tricks on me in the somber silence . after she was sealed up , i started wrapping it in rope , duct taping parts of it to the bag for some extra security , and pulled it tight together . almost done . newline newline i walked to the kitchen cabinets , running my hands past the jars of peanut butter , canned spam , tuna , until i found what i needed , and pulled it out . it was a long bottle , similar in size to what you d find a bottle of ketchup or something .  joe s blood .  synthetic chicken blood . cheap , and great for seals . i walked back to the body bag , taking out my phone with one hand while i grasped the bottle in the other and shook it a little . they had placed something to stop it from coagulating too much . eh , i do nt know much about the technology . i googled  antipossession seal  , and found a simple howto article on it , and started to follow the instructions . i held the squeeze bottle over the body bag , and started writing whatever the article told me . lines , curves , words in some language i never really cared to study , and soon i was done . the air should dry the writings soon . eh , science . not my place to question . i left her there , and decided to go to bed so i could get up early tomorrow . newline newline the next day , i was at the market , the backseat of my car holding the sealed bag . i walked through the streets of the market , eyeing the several stalls and trying to avoid eye contact while taking in the various goods . pirated cds , cheap phones , fake jewelry . i tried to ignore the yelling and the urging to buy their wares . this place was far out of the city , yet there were a good amount of people , even this early in the day . i wormed my way to the one guy i knew , and walked up to him . he was a burly man , dressed in a simple tshirt , and had a very large beard . there was some sweat on his brown skin  it was nt even hot that day . i checked my watch and saw it was only about 60 degrees that morning . weird . newline newline  hey .  newline newline  you again ! back for more ?  newline newline  yeah , it broke .  maybe it was his love for money , but the smile that always came up whenever i had finished one his souls always creeped me out . newline newline  then you re lucky , i ve got a new shipment just last week . 40 middleclass debtors ! 5 of them even had families .  newline newline  how much for the fam  newline newline  they re all gone .  newline newline  then why even mention  he coughed , tapping his fingers on the stall table . right .  so how much for the regular ones ?  newline newline he gave me a price , the price of a car or something similar . i pulled out my card while he pulled out his phone to call his workers , and swiped it at the machine . the stall had various  mystic  goods , glass beads and amulets meant to promote health or some crap . the legitimate stuff would nt be here , of course . i signed on the screen just as he had finished his call , and he nodded to me .  they ll be here in a minute .  newline newline  so how are sales going today ?  newline newline  you re my first customer .  newline newline there was a silence . i guess i was never too good at conversations . he waved some people over and they walked over . his workshop , the real one , was probably near the marketplace , and i saw the two assistants come by . they looked like brothers , red hair , really pale white skin , freckles .  hey there . follow me .  i waved them as i walked back to the parking lot , weaving through the rows of parked cars , until i arrived at my own . a little beep , and the car unlocked , and i opened the back door for them . they nodded , and started to set to work . newline newline one of them took out the body bag while another set to work drawing some circle on the ground . they seemed experienced and knowledgeable , no phones or guides or earpieces . the bag unzipped , and i noticed the flesh had started to rot on the girl , and i sighed . another fee to fix her up later . love was expensive . he pulled her out , wordlessly , setting her onto the middle of a circle , while the other started placing candles around . while it was morning , the sun was already bright enough that the candles barely made a dent in the illumination . words rose and fell , and one of them placed an amulet around her neck , this one glowing a bright fiery red , like the other one used to . it did nt take to long before i saw the color return to her skin , and the slight rise and fall of her chest as life returned to her . newline newline as the incantations continued , a small crowd had gathered around . these things were always fun to watch , i suppose , and hey , who was i to judge ? they clapped when the girl drew in a gasp and her eyes flew open . her breaths were ragged and short , like each breath hurt , and i suppose it must have . she looked around , her eyes wide and darting , before she settled on me . the incantations finished , and the two brothers stepped back . i thanked them and they wordlessly went on their way . newline newline  hi .  the crowd had dissipated , the little show done and over with . newline newline  who are you ?  newline newline  you re mine , now . draw into the memories of her brain , and become my wife . i will release you in 10 years if you obey .  they always obeyed . they never knew if the storage container was permanent or a cheap knockoff . newline newline she nodded , and closed her eyes . i gave her a few minutes , before she opened them once again , and smiled at me .  hi , love .  newline newline  welcome back , dear .  newline did you see what those other barbarians are doing , how they are converting human pain to electricity ?  asks my sharply dressed colleague . newline newline  oh yeah the daily show last night , god damn that was a funny one . the worst part is how terrible of a job they are doing in extracting it  ca nt believe they have nt found out how much better we have been doing for decades now . going at it like a smut film is by far the worst way  i reply . newline newline  indeed the way humans are all intrinsically linked you and use whole countries and contents at the same time . use every bit of the population as interconnected , selfreinforcing generators . if you really time your and cultivate a brand image that evokes pain , anxiety , and anger  you can extract billions of times more energy than with some hillbilly with a toolkit going to town a single family . a simple annoyance felt in unison over a large amount of people has been tested over and over again to be the most cost effective method of extraction .  dictates the sharpeyed , acting ceo of comcast . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline2 years and some more  part one  newline newline  wake up ! newline i open my still blurred to find a small silhouette in front of my bed . newline newline  wake up , you have the great trip today , get your ass on the shower . newline newline o yeah , today is the big day . i do nt really know whats so big about it , but i was supposed to be happy with it . today i m going to visit the old gods . actually , i do nt even believe they are gods , but my mom is making me go . it s a 2 years flight and i hate spaceships , the sits are so small , god . the spaceports always have big lines and delays , my mom says that is because those are old human costumes that we should follow . newline newline  ok , mom , i m ready  . newline newline  yeah , you say you do nt worship the humans but have the same talent to get us late , let s go !  newline newline you know what makes me even mad , they just show human television on this kind of flights , i ll have to spent 2 years watching some guy talking about how well this other guy can throw a ball inside a basket or even worse , watch an old human saying how good is this human in pretending to be another human , i ca nt swallow it . and the food , how they can make something that bad so expensive . am i that insane that i m the only one that hate visiting the humans ? newline newline  were you heading maam ?  newline newline my thoughts were interrupted by the parking lot security talking to my mom . newline newline  interplanetary port sir .  newline newline  go left then straight and park on the sector 8  newline newline  thank you sir .  newline newline i have never been to sector 8 , it s way more beautiful then the other sectors , the interplanetary port is white blue and gold , i suppose that because , with big arcs , it is wonderful . newline newline even that my mom said that we were late , there is still 5 hours till my flight , so i ll have to find something to keep me entertained so i do nt die from boredom . being a huge place i think i ll be fine . newline newline  get you bags on the truck !   said my mom with a little vain popping from the bottom of her neck . newline newline is she upset ? how long has she been talking to me ?  newline newline  oh , ok mom .  newline newline now it s my favorite part , checkin . i think i m lucky , just a few people on the line today and there s a really cute girl checkingin , would be great if she sit next to me . i hope i get the new model planes , i heard they have a new function that make the trip fell like just on year . and one year of bad food is way better then two . newline newline  next !  newline newline it s my turn , was faster then i tough newline newline  hello sir , were s your destination ?  newline newline  old gods earth at 13:27h  . newline newline  ok , sir . can i have your intergalactic passport and human worshiper card .  newline newline human worshiper card . i did nt brought it i guess , i m afraid to look at my mom right now , i can almost feel the air getting hot from her  angryness  . newline newline  there you go miss !  said my mom handing my card .  newline newline  thank you , you can put your luggage on the right teleporter while i print your tickets .  newline newline that s some heavy bags , what did my mom put in here . if she was nt right next to me i would think it was her , she really love humans . newline newline  ok , sir , you re good to go , you should be on the boarding room 1 hour before the flight .  newline newline  thanks !   i said . newline newline  mom , i think i ll try to find something to eat , you want something ?  newline newline  no , you go ahead , i ll be waiting for you outside the boarding room , be here in 20 , ok ?  newline newline  but mom , there are more then 4 hours till the flight .  newline newline  i do nt care , things happen , and if you miss this flight mister , i ll open your chest with my car keys , your hear me ?  newline newline  ok , mom .  newline newline she always says that , i ll be fine , i ll find some place to relax for an hour . there s a big coffee two floors above , i ll check it out and taste some new food programs . i wonder how mad my mom will be if i get 40 minutes late , well , i have 2 years of infinite boredom inside an space ship , let me enjoy while i can . newline newline well , that s a fine place , i can kill some time here . they have some humans drinks in here , i ll try this vanilla something . newline newline  hi , how can i help you sir ?  newline newline  hi , i ll have this vanilla something .  newline newline  which vanilla sir ? we have vanilla espresso , vanilla expertise , vanilla caramel , vanilla standard , vanilla mirage , vani ...  newline newline  ok ! i ll have a vanilla expertise .  newline newline i guess i was so afraid that the flavors would go forever that i ordered without even ask what this drink was about . however , anything that have  expertise  in it should be great . newline newline i ll find a table so i can have my moment . i think that the girls that i saw early in line is over there , maybe i should say hello , she could be going to earth as well . newline newline  hi , i saw you checkingin earlier , are you going to earth ?  newline newline for the expression on her face i think i should stop talking to strangers , apparently it is seen as a bad habit . well , i ll count one new mistake for me . newline newline  err.. yes , actually i am , are you going to the old gods land too ?  newline newline  forced to , would be more accurate .  newline newline  tell me about it , what s so special about then , right ?  newline newline that s the first time in my life that i met someone that share the same feelings towards humans with someone , who would say it would be right before a trip to earth . newline newline  right ? i just ordered a human drink called vanilla expertise , and i can assure your , there s nothing expert on it  newline newline  do nt even start , this place is terrible , what s so great about coffee ? it tastes and looks really bad , i do nt wan na drink nothing black .  newline newline right now the only explanation that i can find is that i m sleeping and my mom is about to enter screaming in my room and ruins it all . a pretty girl traveling to the same place as i and despise humans , it s so good to be truth . newline newline  i know , i ca nt understand , what s so special about bacon ?  newline newline is it me or the place got more quiet and somehow colder . i can see at her face that something is nt right . she is looking to something behind me ? she looks terrified , what can it be ? newline newline there s a big gold colored cyborg right on back , he s so close that i can hear his old processor working . he have some red symbol on his left chest , next to the main pumper , what dos he want . newline  how can i help you si ...  newline newline my head ! ? it hurts so bad , did someone hit me ? i m so dizzy , i think i m shutting down ... i ll try to reboot.. comand emergencyreboot2essentials . newline i ca nt move.. newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinea turtle is born . it scrapes the inside of it s leathery shell with it s egg tooth and emerges from the sand . she rises up , anxious to avenge her mother s death ! when the spirit animal came to her in the dream before her birth , she showed her the tell tale scarring on the shark that ended her mother s life . she will need to call on her turtle brothers and sisters to assist in this herculean task !  it s eyes spy the moonlight draped across the endless sea for the first time .   i have arisen ! fear me you who take from us indiscriminately ! for i am turtra ! witness me and feel my power !  the scream fills the beach and all manner of creatures cower in fear , as if the maker himself has come down from the clouds and passed judgement on them all. instinct takes over . an insatiable desire to run towards the water overtakes the new born creature s mind . in the blink of an eye , she darts across the sandscape and rallies her turtle allies , all to ultimately unite against all that oppose them in their quest for blood , revenge blood !  lonely but not alone , a horde of similar beasts create a stampede of reptiles awkwardly plodding toward the surf , their tiny flippers desperately pushing through the sand . the mass of turtles gather around her , swaying , chanting , and beating their flippers , shaking the sand . the cacophony drowning out the sounds of the surf , the crashing waves no longer among the evening aura . a blue light dimly shines from the center of the pile . several of the reptiles begin to float and swirl around the gathering . higher and higher they spin until a column is formed that almost reaches the scant clouds in the air . the pillar is fracturing into five smaller groupings , still swirling in the still air. ahead lie all manners of death , from crabs and birds , dogs , and even humans . the smaller masses are forming things that can be only described as arms and legs , spinning around turtra , blazing light in every direction and forming a gigantic mechaturtle !  once in the water , the risks only multiply , as fish and sharks will gobble them up hungrily . the risk is so great that a scant 1  of the turtles born survive past their 1st year .   we will have our revenge !  boomed the giant mechaturtle , signalling to all above and below the waves that the day of reckonig has come ! she slips down into the black depths only too ready to supply justice to those creatures that have befowled the sea for too long. those that do will be given the opportunity to help repeat the cycle of life and contribute to the propagation of the species . newline newline newline edit : fixed . did nt read the title correctly .i plead the fifth  , the man with the white hat said and laughed . he was sipping from his caffe latte and the girl with the frog face laughed too . i cringed when he said that . people shouldn  t joke about these kind of things . newline newline ok , ok , jane , you got this ,  i said to myself taking a deep breath , they don  t know . no one knows.  newline newline my hands were shaking a bit and i think that the couple at the table next to me noticed . the adrenaline , always the adrenaline . pleading the fifth . since the committee on the fifth was established some years ago , i have heard that expression countless times and i had laughed as everybody did . so did you , right ? the name under which it was created wasn  t a stroke of genius : the committee on decision making with potentially harmful and irreversibel consequences , commonly referred to as lifeordeathcommittee  ldc  . but the new republican president and his following of zealots calling it the committee on the fifth commendment ? that  s just idiotic . the hearings are secret , the committee meeting is secret and its decision has to be kept a secret , of course . the prospective victim should not see it coming . newline newline have you ever plead it ? tell me honestly !  the frog faced girl asked the white hat man , barely containing her excitement . even the couple next to me turned their heads . ten past twelve . i got up and left the bottle of coke and the glass on the table . from my perspective , the glass was half full . the presentation of the form went well . it took some time to work out the story about my rape and how i was beaten senseless . getting all these psychological details right was quite hard but research pays . i rehearsed the performance , too . you see , you can  t leave anything to chance , can you ? they sure liked the crying , the reluctance and the hesitation . yeah , they loved the hesitation . you could see how they felt my trauma . but , i don  t want to spoil it . so , frog face and white hat would never have guessed that the ldc was holding hearings that day in the building across the caf . at fifteen past twelve the verdict on my application would be in . i wasn  t sure if they were watching , so i walked in a slow pace breathing heavily , shaking now and then as if i were freezing . just in case . you can  t be too careful . in the building , on the fifth floor , i was escorted to the decision room  and to my surprise the couple from the caf was sitting there . newline newline they said , ms . saunders , you don  t know how many people lie to us to obtain a license to kill . we believe that you are sincere and that you deserve the right to rectify the wrong that has been done to you . we approve your request to kill the man who attacked you so viciously as soon as you are able to identify him.  newline newline voil . i told you the glass was half full . i will pick up the approved form from the committee  s office and i will send it to you after i received the payment we agreed upon .this time , the cage was somewhere difficult even for me . newline newline the lair was deep , dark , and loathsomely wet  a symptom of being buried under two tons of earth and several hundred meters of lake superior . it was tragic , really . such a disgusting place , and so much effort made to build it . personally , i felt as if it would have done a bit better overlooking a nice sandy beach on the big island of hawaii . much , much prettier this time of year , and the result would be the same . newline newline entry to the prison was easy enough  even to places such as this , where visitors are seldom , people still come and go . though , it would be more accurate to say person in this case . newline newline obelisk . the big man himself  two tons of living metal and stone wrapped up tight in the skin of a gallant , intelligent young man who really ought to be getting a doctorate instead of breaking the jaws of common criminals . he could take a beating , that one , though wraith had certainly put him through his paces . it had taken him a full five days of continuous combat for that one to go down , and for what ? imprisoning him , a man who had caused less property damage alone in his entire twenty year career of escorting unsavory characters than the two together had caused in the first twenty minutes ? wasteful , that s all it was . he d spent his time , as far as i was concerned  and luckily for me , my own opinion was the only one that mattered . newline newline for the first time in months , obelisk had returned to visit his unlawful captive . all i needed to do was hitch a ride on his shadow , and he was none the wiser that he had a second guest in his crypt . one brush of his shadow against the one that bordered the tunnel , and i was off  racing down the damp passages at the speed of thought , invisible as long as i kept to the shade . newline newline it was nt long before i met with the first roadblock . a door , sealed tight with far more locks than any one door should ever need . a quick glance through a peephole showed a control panel , a wall of glass , and something strange glowing within . i knew i could nt squeeze past  the door would have to be airtight  but then again , i knew i did nt have to be . my shadow was already there , and through it , so was i . newline newline the control panel was much more difficult to deal with . numbers danced across three separate monitors , messages in a language of odd hieroglyphs that meant nothing to me . beyond them was the glass i had seen before , enclosing a strange , shimmering red mass that swirled within a tube like some foul chemist s mixture . with a feeling of revulsion , i recognized some of the parts as they drifted past  a heart , a lung . a face , belonging to someone familiar . wraith had certainly gotten himself into a mess this time . he was nt dead  obelisk was never the type to kill  but judging by the expression he wore , mercy was not one of the stone man s strongest virtues . newline newline clearly , destroying the vault would be no good  all it would yield would be a bigger mess to clean and one less villain to stalk the world  but to anyone who did nt know exactly what they were doing , any meddling would just lead to even worse fates . only one man could save him now . newline newline i smiled , and became him . newline newline shadows come in all shapes and sizes , after all  and for a while , i had been his . obelisk had been very careful  wearing plated helms to stop telepaths , even dousing himself in salt once or twice to ward off spirits , but even that was nt enough to protect him from himself . even if i could nt read the screens , his shadow knew exactly what to do and did it for me . lights flashed , alarms blared , and slowly wraith began to coalesce . newline newline the tube shattered , and he fell to the floor gasping for breath . it was time to leave , for both of us . i had done my part  wraith was free . he would have to do the rest himself . newline newline when i opened my eyes , i found myself exactly where i was before i had started  on the same beach , toes in the water , legs covered in the white sand of the big island . if anyone had seen me , they might have just thought i was taking a nap with drink in hand . newline newline somewhere in the back of my mind , i felt obelisk roar in frustration . he knew , then , and was surely planning the next big capture . i raised my glass , toasting his ambitions . newline newline we d have to see about that .me : excuse me ? newline newline god . heaven ! was nt it glorious ! newline newline me : you got ta be shitting me . oh man i knew you had a sick sense of humor but cmon . that was nt heaven , right ? you re just fucking with me . newline newline god : oh come on , did nt you have fun down there ? all the sex and violence ? the deception and corruption ? it s like that fan fiction , game of throne . game of thrones ? i do nt know , i m not a fan of human fantasy , but jesus wo nt shut up about it . he is such a faggot . newline newline me : ... you re worse than i could have imagined . newline newline god : oh come on now do nt be a hypocrite , i know you liked game of thrones . newline newline me : that s a tv show you fucking asshole ! newline newline god : but the suffering that inspired it is real . is nt it all the same ? newline newline me : oh gee , if only someone could have done something about that ... someone all powerful ... someone with a big white beard newline newline god : duuuude , do nt go there . i tried bro . seriously it s harder than you think . newline newline me : well you created a bunch of retarded monkey children and left them to shit everywhere , sorry if i m not feeling much empathy newline newline god : look , i ll admit ... i fucked up . i created something and sort of lost interest it ... the chaos my absence causes me is really the only way i find myself able to care a anymore . i mean that and the love from all my fans ... jhen you know what i m saying right ? newline newline  jimmi hendrix appears out of nowhere and wails a short guitar riff and disappears  newline newline god : see ? newline newline me : so where did he just go ? what happens next ? newline newline god : well we talk for a bit and then you hang with some other souls and then ... well it s complicated but you know when you got ta clean your room as a kid , and you just throw all your toys and shit in the closet . it s like that ... except ... newline newline me : yeah ? newline newline god : except all those toys pretty much cease to exist until i need them which is pretty much ... newline newline me :  knowing the answer  pretty much ... ? newline newline god : never . newline newline  we stare blankly at each other  newline newline god : soooo . we cool ? newline newline me : you flaming herpes riddled asshole newline newline god : oh like you got a better idea newline newline me : no , i have a about 50 you fucking donkey ! newline newline god : you know what ? i m sick of your type . it s time to call you out , you little troll . you think you got better game than the gman ? put your money where your mouth is . you got the wheel , big mouth . newline newline  i take over as god  newline newline  everything is awesome  newline newline fin newline newline newline newlineever since i was a teenager , the new atm system was in place . you would insert your card and enter your pin , and a whirring of cash would sound as a stack of bills would start to appear in the atm tray . sometimes i d wake up around 3pm , and i d get forty bucks and all i would do is order pizza or head to the pub . other days a few hundred dollars would appear and on my way to the movies  strip club  my car would break down . as the years passed , it became more like a curse , as you d start to wonder how badly your day would be . days where you only got five dollars were the dream days , as it meant you were set for the day , and the ones where cash piled up you were filled with a sense of dread , becoming riddled with anxiety as you contemplated what situation you d have to get yourself out of . newline newline for the past three days i ve been replaying the last day i withdrew my cash . four hundred dollars . i could nt figure out what i was supposed to have done . i ve been begging my doctors to let me go downstairs and use the atm in the lobby , but they just kept telling me there would be time for that later . i was hit by a bus as i put my wallet away , and i ve been in the hospital for what felt like forever . apparently , medical bills were a part of my future . finally , i ve been told it was my checkout day . i fill out the paperwork for my release and enter in all of my relevant information . newline newline name . date of birth . social . home address . insurance provider . all standard stuff . i manage to fill it all out and as i read the last line i let out an annoyed groan . newline newline copay :  400 . newline newline i did nt even notice that the date was nt just a week later as it had felt to me . it was fifty years later . i missed my entire adult life . i guess the days where you do nt get any cash from the atm were nt that glorious after all . in tears , i reach the atm , wondering how this day could get any worse . after i insert my card , the machine rudely buzzes at me and drops out a receipt . newline newline card expired . newline newline no amount of cash would help me make it through this day . i decided to sit on the bench outside as i imagined how today would be my last day on earth . oh well , at least i wo nt be a slave to the atm any longer .chaplain s log  2768.07.08.15.32.12 newline newline as the ship approaches the sepulcher of creation , the crew has become more restless . anxious even . they are looking forward to seeing the faithinflesh that the voidian s spoke of . a holiest of holies in space . i am cautious . this has been the focus of my devotional time since our mission began 3 years ago . and , i do nt know what to expect when we arrive . the voidian we rendezvoused with to correct our course through the dark expanse is actually leading us . i did nt think they did that . he said it was for the benefit of the common faith . i am eager to spread the message of good news with these strangers , and i am very cautious about talk of a single faith . we tried that on earth the the bahai centuries ago . it didt go so well . i can see the voidian our my view port . hesheit would be at home in any of our horror movies from centuries past , all tentacles and unreadable features . but the feeling i get when we converse , as we have at length  see previous log s marked  discusssions with the voidian  for more specifics  , is not that of an alien mentality . it s like talking to a monk . stoic , reserved , at peace . newline newline i am very skeptical that this will be a unification of religions . we have seen too many false messiahs on more primitive worlds . conmen who twist holiness in to power . we saw too much of it on earth before we walked in the heavens . but this voidian , he believes . he asked if i had accepted the son of god as my savior . it was the first thing he asked me . at one point i even started a score card to see how the finer points matched up . it s far closer than it should be , when talking to some one who does nt know where earth is , let alone our history . newline newline chaplain s log  2768.07.29.04.57.23 newline newline we approach the sepulcher of creation . i have never seen such a sight . i was expecting a a barren asteroid in a vast ocean of black . this is the last moment of creation . still alive after the universe was , for lack of different word , created . the light is spectacular , all around the ship , coming from the massive planet . we ca nt tell exactly how big it is , the perspective has been very difficult since entering the dark expanse , but it s huge . easily larger than sol , bright in a different way . this is not a ball of fire in the sky , this is a world of life . it radiates life ! the voidian has changed as we grew close as well , gone is the stone grey coloring of a grotesque gothic statue , it s skin is now a riot of every imaginable color , shifting and swirling and refracting and dancing as we draw near . i ve come to consider this strange alien my friend . we converse at length , and i can not consider our faiths to be separate things any more . i have no doubt that the entity i consider to be jesus christ is the same being he refers to as his savior . when we pray together , i feel at home . like a small boy back in rural canada , taking communion with the ancient priest of st. luke s . but he does nt take communion , the voidian . he finds the idea repugnant . for more information , see previous logs  meditation s with a voidian  parts 3 , 6 , and 12 . newline newline it should not be long before we arrive . i can not wait to see the splendor of the sepulcher . i have not felt this alive since i took my vows . i ve seen the ships physician , jeremiah , about it , and i am not alone . he s examined the rest of the crew , we are all healthier now than we were when we set out . there is something about this place that is making us whole . i giggle like a small child all the time , it s like christmas eve . newline newline chaplain s log  2768.07.30.01.17.03 newline newline i am ashamed . newline newline chaplain s log  2768.08.04.23.49.37 newline newline i am at peace . today . at last . i have never wept so freely or so honestly . i have spent my entire life believing that the purpose of jesus was to die for our sins . the sacrifice , that was the point , necessary for our redemption . newline newline if it was necessary , we are alone in the need . our race has the distinction of being the only people in the history of all creation to have murdered the son of god . we alone required his crucifixion for our salvation . this is why my voidian friend is appalled at my regular communion . we alone eat the flesh , we alone drink the blood . symbols or otherwise . we alone required the covenant to be renewed . i am humbled . i am ashamed . we , humans , among all god s creation killed him . newline newline newline chaplain s log  2768.08.05.04.07.29 newline newline this space is undefinable . we are not in the same kind of place we were when my voidian friend met us for the final part of the journey . the sepulcher has a different quality to it , even from the inside of the ship . i stand before the congregation of the universe , with no suit , no gear , and i breath the purest air i have ever had in my body . but it is nt . i know it can not be , because the same air that i breath is also breathed by what must be a nation of beings we have known before . who s breath is poison , who breath in acid that our ships can not contain . but i walk among them , and breath . none of us choke or cough . the sepulcher is a place of all beings . for all who believe . newline newline there is no governance here , not really . there are leaders from the faiths of a trillion planets , and the converse , and preach , and teach , and are taught . there are many voidians . there are a million kinds of beings . more than a million . i have a difficult time processing it all . newline newline i am humbled by it all . i expected so much , so much more magnificence . i did not expect to be made so small . i have wept every night , for my forgiveness . for our forgiveness . newline newline my voidian friend reminds me every morning . all have sinned , and fallen short of the glory of god . all who come are welcome . all are forgiven . newline newline i am forgiven . i have known this my whole life . but only now do i know what it means . i am forgiven . we are all saved through the mercy of god . newline newline alleluia . newline newline end log . ... and then , with my pawn at the kremlin , i will copy their nuclear launch codes and use them to destroy the world !  newline newline agent jack belmont fixed him with a steely glare . then he blinked , surprised .  wait , back up a bit . where did you get a pawn in the kremlin ?  newline newline  i told you that already . he was deployed in stage two , posing as a defense contractor and selling them a new security system .  newline newline  no , that does nt make sense . you already burned him in stage three when you exposed him to distract the kgb from your real goal .  newline newline  oh , right . i meant the other pawn . the one who was inserted into the kgb in stage five .  newline newline  him ? but i shot him after i blew up your base in the ukraine .  newline newline  you did ? ah yes , i remember now . i moved to the contingency plan in stage six , and inserted a new agent in the rush to heighten security .  newline newline  now wait a second ! i read stage six when i stole the data disk , so i managed to intercept your agent in lithuania .  newline newline  ah , but did you also read the revised contingency plan in stage seven ? i used the affair in lithuania as a cover ! it was all according to plan .  newline newline  bullshit ! that would have thrown off the entire timetable for stage nine . you ca nt have moved the device from jakarta to moscow in only three days !  newline newline  closeminded fool ! of course i could ! all i had to do was hijack the ... no , wait , you killed the agent i needed for stage eleven . all i had to do was employ a ... never mind , i already used it for stage fifteen revision two . maybe i handled it in stage twentyseven ? excuse me one minute .  newline newline the doctor vanished from the room for five minutes , during which belmont kept busy trying to slip out of his handcuffs . he returned carrying a very thick binder stamped with the words  master plan .   stage twentyseven ... see stage sixteen version two ? that plan went out the window after the affair in paris . i m three versions past that !  newline newline he shut the binder with a thud .  well , i m stumped . i honestly do nt know where i am in my master plan any more . can we just assume that i explained it to you and skip ahead to the death trap ?  newline newline belmont shrugged .  go ahead . i do nt mind , i figure i ll just blow up everything importantlooking in your base and call it good . dearest werzux , newline newline it s only a week on this planet and the humans prove to be poor warriors  they do nt even have lazer cannons ! can you imagine ! anyway , we are stationed in these metal forrests they call cities  and at this rate we should have complete control of the planet by the third of day of kwerkzg . i will see you soon and wish our offspring well for me . newline newline your mating partner , zermrum newline newline newline newline newline dearest werzux , newline newline i wish you to express my affection and apologies . i will be unable to return for the end of kwerkzg after all . the humans have proven to be easy to enslave and we gained control of their cities but we have run into difficulties . this planet has more aggressive fauna then originally assessed by our long range scans and our progress out from these metal forrests has been delayed . my fellow soldiers have been attacked by these creatures the locals call bears  . they are vicious creatures and we lost a number of good men in the fight . derplex had his tentacle ripped off by one ! we are gathering more soldiers and returning tomorrow to claim the mountains from these creatures . i can only hope that now we are more prepared . newline newline affectionately yours , zermrum newline newline newline newline newline dearest werzux , newline newline unfortunately our campaign for these rocky mountains  has proved to be a disaster . we had managed to fend off some of these bears  but we lost many good men  and then we were attacked by these creatures called wolves  . we lost to these new creatures and retreated to our base when first commissioner kluzug was attacked by a tentacle with fangs ! ! our captive human called it a rattlesnake   we are unsure if he will survive . i can hear his screams as i write this and his blood is oozing from the bite wound . i do nt understand what is happening and can only pray he will survive the night . newline newline i am scared my mate , i wish i was with you . newline newline forever yours , zermrum newline newline newline newline newline newline dearest werzux , newline newline kluzug did not survive the attack from the tentacle  apparently even the creatures on this dangerous planet engage in chemical warfare . the human captive called it venom  and the tentacles inject it into your blood when they bite . we will require full body armour when we return to the wilderness again to protect us from these fanged tentacles . newline newline i ca nt stand this place anymore and have requested to be transferred out from these godforsaken rocky mountains  but i still worry . i hope i can be moved to a safer campaign . newline newline your mate , zermrum newline newline newline newline newline newline dearest werzux , newline newline my transfer request was approved ! i have been assigned to the campaign in a place called australia  . i am hopeful that the fauna there are less dangerous and i can return to you soon . newline newline i told the human captive and he said that where will be no more bears so i am hopeful that it is much safer than these stupid mountains . newline newline much affection , zermrum newline newline newline newline newline newline dear werzux , newline newline australia is worse ...the pits beneath the arena were dimly lit by a handful of torches . what little light that slipped through the cracks of the boards overhead helped illuminate the area . it was very similar in nature to the roman arenas of antiquity , or so those that had prior knowledge of ancient rome thought . the strange thing about the pits was the random order in which people appeared . people from periods throughout history were known to appear in the pits as though time did not move in a single line here . a man in a black uniform was adjusting his gloves as another approached him .  you re looking nervous my friend , why so ? once you finish your arena fights you ll be blessed with eternal life in heaven !  newline newline the uniformed man looked at the happy stranger ,  you re rather optimistic .  newline newline  ha , well of course , i lived pious life and i can happily say that i only ever killed that which i had to .  newline newline  as you did , though i am certain my number of kills far exceed yours .  the man replied back , adjusting several medals and ornate features on his uniform . newline newline  it ca nt be so bad ,  the stranger said in turn . newline newline  i was an exterminator in my past life .  newline newline  oh , well that does change things . but i am sure you will prevail .  newline newline  no , i knew i would find myself in hell the first time i killed them ,  the uniformed man said in a near monotone voice as he finished adjusting the silver skulls on his collar and red armband . newline newline as he stepped out through the glowing doorway before him he found himself transported to a very familiar scene . wooden barracks , barbwire fences , gallows , all so real he almost thought for a moment that it was a dream and he had nt actually died yet . until he heard a crowd of voices call out from behind him ,  schutzstaffel  . newline newline newline newlineput in in the demon s point of view , because that is much more fun newline newline oh , how lovely . he had been summoned yet again by some pathetic human mage . and it appeared it be a young human . he could nt tell exactly how old it was , but it was young enough to probably be one of those stupid apprentices that thought it was the most brilliant mage of all . newline newline ah well , the young ones tended to be rather inexperienced , so he supposed it would not take too long to get out of whatever he had been summoned for . newline newline still , it was quite an annoying human . it was jumping up and down , making odd squeaking noises , and pointing at the demon . he sighed . would it ever get on with it and just tell him what it wanted ? newline newline as if it read his mind , the human finally stop jumping . it stood as straight as it could , and puffed out its chest in an amusing attempt to look intimidating . newline newline  demon ! i am your master now !  it declared , striding over to where the demon stood trapped , only to trip over its own feet . newline newline the demon snickered . the human scrambled to its feet , its face red , and glared .  do not laugh at me ! i am your master , incubus ! uh ... you are an incubus , right ... ?  newline newline the demon rolled his eyes .  obviously . now , are you going to get on with it , or am i going to stand here all day ? i m bored .  newline newline the human shifted a bit and did its best to sound dignified .  do not take such a tone with me ! now ! i need revenge on my master s second apprentice , a scrawny , knowitall girl who thought she could get away with humiliating me ! i need you to  newline newline the demon coughed .  i hate to interrupt , o lord and master , but you do realize you are supposed to ask for my name first , yes ?  newline newline the human turned an interesting shade of red .  o of course i know that ! i i just got a little ahead of myself !  it cleared its throat .  demon , i command you to tell me your name !  newline newline the demon smiled .  get out a quill and some parchment , o brilliant master of mine . this will take awhile .  newline newline ... newline newline  ... and you need to roll the rs just right , or invoking my name wo nt work . also all the ks are silent . and i do hope your throat does nt give out too quickly , otherwise you will have trouble with all the growling .  the demon paused .  are you writing that down ?  newline newline the human growled .  yes  newline newline  lovely . now , that was only the first half of my name . the second half is much more complicated and will require you to occasionally speak the demonic language . you can speak that , ca nt you ?  newline newline  are you ! aarrrrgghh i give up !  the human screeched and flailed its arms around . it knocked over the pot of ink and it spread all over its parchment . newline newline  oh dear ,  the demon said .  we shall have to start over , it seems .  newline newline the human let out a strangled sob .  master was right ! i was nt ready to summon a demon ! i m a failuuuurrrreeee !  it rushed out of the room , sobbing its frail little heart out . newline newline  wait , you have to dismiss me or !  the demon groaned . the human was already gone . newline newline wonderful . now he would have to wait here , in some tiny little room , until that stupid human came back and released him . with his luck , its master would show up instead and decide it had a use for a demon . newline newline wait , he could hear footsteps , heading toward this room . the demon perked up . perhaps that human had remembered it needed to actually dismiss a demon so the demon could leave . newline newline the door flew open , revealing a skinny redhaired human . a human that was very much not the human that had summoned the demon . he was fairly certain this human was female . newline newline the human froze , staring at the demon . newline newline the demon grinned .  hello . care to dismiss a innocent demon who did not deserve to be summoned by an idiot ?  newline newlinecarol had always tried her hardest to be the best mother she could be . it was nt easy though . her son s father , chuck , had committed suicide just a few short years ago . since then , she has noticed that her son has become increasingly distant . newline newline raymond was your typical average student . average grades . not particularly good at any sports . he had friends but did nt hang out with them that often . after chuck has passed away , carol knew she needed to up her efforts a little bit . though , whenever she thought she was making progress , raymond became even more distant . it got to the point where ray would not even talk to his own mother . newline newline one evening , while riding home from school with some friends , raymond died in a car accident . only one of the teens survived . his name is derek . newline newline after another lengthy period of grief , carol decided to take the next step . she called up ray s friend derek . they offered each other condolences and pleasantries . then she asked derek how ray had been , emotionally , before the accident . at first derek did not know how to respond to such a straightforward question . but he was honest . he said that ray had been behaving normally , given his circumstances . they chatted some more and then carol thanked him for his time and asked him if she could call again . newline newline over time , carol and derek formed a sort of friendship . they would chat over the phone about raymond . occasionally , derek would stop over to visit with carol . carol appreciated derek s visits but she was still emotionally scarred . she knew she needed to talk to a professional . before she called the shrink , she decided have one more visit with derek . newline newline derek stopped by her house and sat down with carol . she put her head in her hands and really opened up . she told him that she was going to seek professional help . as she held back her tears , it was at that point that she knew that it was not her son , but rather herself , that was distant . as she went to apologize to derek , she took a deep breath and looked up . no one else was there . it was just her . all alone .alois sighed . these men just kept coming of nowhere . he took a moment to think , as she disposed of the still warm body of the man who had suddenly appeared in his bathtub . if all these people were desperately trying to kill his son , then what would he grow up to be ? a murderer ? he peeked through a crack in the door to see adolph gleefully playing with his new model train . never , he thought . newline newline suddenly , he heard a loud whirring noise behind her . he turned around just in time to see the man holding a gun . and he turned around just in time to see him pull the trigger . his body fell backwards against the play room door . newline  newline adolph did nt see much of the man either . he heard the gun shot and turned to see his fathers limp , dead body falling through the playroom doorway . and he heard a man yell something profane . and the he saw the man . the most noticeable thing to young adolph was his face  which had a large , blue , 6pointed star drawn across his cheek . newline newline edit : so sorry ! i thought alois was his mum . facepalmeveryone at the lab was excited . the most powerful telescope was a success , and we were opening the champagne before we even knew what the end of the universe looked like . there were brief arguments , and even a couple of fights , but in the end , the person who had made the blueprints got the first look . newline i was up close , right next to him , and he was grinning eagerly through the eyepiece . he looked like a kid looking through a candystore window ... newline and then confusion . newline  what happened ?  , i said . he looked directly at me ... newline and said ,  i think we re inside an organism of the greatest possible magnitude .  newline he always likes to speak like that , so it took a couple of seconds to realize what he was saying . of course , everyone else heard him , so imagine the panic , the excitement , testosterone , anger , and all other feelings bunched up inside observatory . newline i just stood there , stunned , as i contemplated what this means , when someone shouted ,  let s see that for a fact !  newline she was right , of course . i got the next look , and guess what i saw ? newline i saw the most grotesque thing in my life . newline the end of the universe was an abomination . it was a pale , writhing mass of muscle . i could not look at it for more than a few seconds before i felt the bile rise . i rushed to the bathroom , praying this was a nightmare .john rourke . big johnny , as we called him . how do i even begin to recount his memory ? to be honest , much of it has faded away as the gears of time grind away at my mind . now , i am left only with the extremes , if you will  the most striking moments of our all too brief existence together . perhaps i can regale you with some of our great exploits in the small world that we lived in together . but first , i have a question for you : why have you come to me today ? well , i think i may know the answer . i bet you are looking for the answer to humanity  s biggest question today . yes , yes ! that must be it . i can tell by that glimmer in your eyes . i can tell by that faint smirk on your lips ! well , let us begin . newline newline big johnny and i grew up in new york city . at the time , it was the greatest metropolis ever to grace this earth . surely there were larger cities , and there definitely were more populous cities . but nowhere else could you find such a startling array of people , such a huge depth of diversity ! it created such a unique culture . it truly gave the city a soul  and that , my friend , is something we all seek . johnny and i , well , we had a grand time there . like i said , many of the details are frayed around the edges , and the memories are fuzzy and blurry . if only i could get glasses for my brain ! but one instance stands out in my mind , one that really demonstrates his compassion for those he loved . newline newline we were on the 4 train , slowly bumping and bouncing its way across the tracks to lexington avenue . my girlfriend at the time stood with me in a corner , right in front of the door . johnny had gotten separated from us , as the train contained too many people for its space . but we could see his head bumping and bouncing in sync with the train . newline newline well , not everyone was fixed , like today , if you get me . they took those people away to special places , but they came out just the same , or sometimes , even worse . the governments felt it was inappropriate to deal with those people in a meaningful way . and on that train , as i later found out , stood one of those people . he laid his eyes upon my girl , and from that moment on , his eyes remained transfixed on her . the gaze penetrated her deeply , and she felt quite uneasy . but he was separated by a mass of people , and so we ignored him . we got off the train , and it seemed as if all was well . johnny still walked a little bit behind us , playing on his ipod . hmm ? oh , really , it is not important to the story . just look it up later , it was just a popular gizmo at the time . sometimes i forget we aren  t all the same age . newline newline however , as we strolled up the stairs , we turned around to look for johnny , but instead , we only found the creepy man from earlier . he strolled up to us , and rather forcefully said  you  re pretty . i want to go out with you , please.  newline newline my girlfriend timidly replied ,  no , ii  m sorry i can  t.  she offered a small smile , then added  i  m dating this one , right here.  newline i turned to smile at her , and before i could even open my mouth , i felt a searing pain in my cheekbone and then everything went dark for a second . i tried to scramble to my feet , but my bodily functions deserted me . i flopped around on the floor , like some animal . it was humiliating . i thought the man would kill me , and i had no faculties with which to stop him . but eventually my vision recovered and the room stopped spinning , and i stood up . then it dawned on me , the reason he had not continued beating me  he went after my girlfriend instead . i felt myself sink into a pit of despair for a scant few moments as i searched for her with my eyes , but instead , i found something else . the odd man lay on the floor , with johnny on top of him . just sitting there , using his weight to his advantage . he did not even strike the man ! newline newline after the man had been taken away in handcuffs and the medics said that i would be fine , i asked johnny ,  why didn  t you hit the bastard ! he deserved it , you know ! hit me right in the eye !  newline newline johnny only chuckled .  well , the man was sick . you could just see it in his eyes . he needed help , not a beating . maybe he  ll be able to find some.  newline newline  are you sure he didn  t need a beating ? i think a good hiding would sort him right out ! he  s just some worthless scum , some subhuman from   newline newline  he was still a person . everyone has their own virtues and their own burdens . maybe someday you  ll realize that.  newline newline eventually , i did . but not for a long time . i did not realize it when he died , some fifty years later . i only saw what he meant maybe another seventy years later  ten years ago to date . you see , i spent much of my life after college , after that day , running in the rat race . let me tell you , i was damn good at it . i made more money than i knew what to do with . i conquered entire industries ! i brought proud men to their knees , begging me for some favor or perhaps even some mercy . but in the end , i didn  t find much happiness . i felt hollow , and people left me alone once we all clocked out to go home . newline newline johnny did no such thing . he did well for himself , but he did not spend all of his time working . he made enough to keep himself happy , to get him and his small family whatever little pleasures they wanted . he particularly enjoyed hiking with his two sons , or playing a computer game with his wife . and this , i think , is why johnny did not take the life serum . i sat with him as he faded away , right next to his wife and kids as well . he talked to all of them , one by one , and after he was done , he sent them out of the room for a moment . then he turned to me , his face pallid and grey , his head sparse , and what he said changed my life . newline newline by that point , i realized i had wasted my life chasing money and working , but the serum gave me a second chance . i began to seek fulfillment , like johnny did , rather than some tangible goal . i spent my life enjoying myself in different ways . i started my own family . i published the book i had dreamed of writing since i was a kid . i even released an album that had been building in my heart for years . the book was well received , and the album was fairly popular , but that was never the point . newline newline now , we have come to this point . i think i can try to answer your deeper question now . it really isn  t so hard to see , once you  re ready to retire yourself . people retire because once they have found their own fulfillment , there is not much left to do . newline newline newline  writer s note : sorry for the drop in quality towards the end . i got a little bored , but then i did nt have time to edit it again  alright , drop the gas canister , asshole !  newline newline the arsonist turned around , holding a lit match in his hand , with an angry , bulldog like expression on his face , staring down at me and my fellow officer . newline newline  put out the match or we ll shoot !  newline newline  if you shoot , and hit any of the metal in this building , it s going to create sparks , and you know what happens when sparks and gasoline are mixed , right ?  newline newline i looked at my partner , who was detailing everything on the other line to the thousands of swat , policeman , and the dozen choppers flying about . he mouthed to me ,  do nt shoot .  i looked back at the arsonist , still angry . newline newline  you know if blow up this building , thousands of people are going to die .  newline newline  no , the only people who are going to get hurt are those army of cops down there , and if you did your job right , you barricaded the area over 3 miles so no citizens get near it .  newline newline i know he was just trying to play mind games with me , so maybe i d go another route . newline newline  look , how about this , we will lay down our guns , you burn out the match , and we can all go home , maybe even get you a plea bargain .  newline newline  no , but let me make you an offer , if you leave now , i wo nt burn this building down with you . i know you re just trying to protect people , but you ll be saving more people if you leave .  newline newline  saving people ? you think burning down an entire city is saving people ? are you stupid or what ?  newline newline  this city is bankrupt . we the biggest city with the most unemployed and homeless people . we are the city with the largest drug use , thus largest crime . people are starving and trying to find a better life , and yet , you guys keep throwing people in jail , overcrowding them daily , in the name of the law , the law , mind you , that makes homelessness basically illegal and getting teenagers into prison just for doing drugs . and do you know why ? because you are nt defending the people of this city , your defending the mayor and financial controller who used the banks get massive piles of fucking money , and to make sure they kept it , they bought out all the small businesses , real estate , cut any funding to social programs , and cut everything else that would make them lose money . now how does burning a building solve all this shit , you ask . it does nt , and i ve known from the beginning of this project it does nt . but we both know who this building belongs to , everyone in the city knows it , and when this building goes down , it s going to show that those fucking robbers are nt going to strong enough against the wrath of people they are going to face . so i m giving you chance to not defend him , but either way , the message is still going to stand .  newline newline almost immediately , a gun shot rang , and hit the arsonist in the head , the match dropped onto the gasoline , and the flames erupted like a volcano . no , i m callin  em .  the phone pressed up to his ear was the size of a brick . blocky , grey and plastic . a big floppy antena on the end . newline newline  no  comon  stop put that away . this is all just a big misunderstanding  newline newline  nononono  he was nt having any of it . i say he  . it was really more of a squirming mass of octopus tentacles , its skin thick with bursting and reforming pustules . one of its many arms slapped wetly at the cellphone , hitting all the numbers at once . when it beeped it sounded like groaning . a monotone that stretched across all the scales .  it s fucked up man .  newline newline  do nt be like this . be reasonable  newline newline  hey , back up !  he slobbered a green mucus spilling out between the large gaps in his teeth . his mouth maybe two feet wide . what looked like a beak appeared in the armpit , nestled inside his limbs defensively . i took a step back . he could not be allowed to make that phone call . newline newline  you re sick . you re all fucking sick .  his tentacles thwapped clumsily against the numbers .  i saw them , wearing a fucking cross  newline newline  it s not like that .  newline newline  i know what it is !  he thundered , obviously distraught . his arms flailed like loose water hoses  banging the phone down against the table in frustration .  motherfucker  this time he poked at the keys deliberately . slowly . coolly , the rage guiding his precision . newline newline  just give me the phone .  newline newline  i said back the fuck up .  i could hear it ringing . once , twice newline newline  a whole lot of good has come out this .  nagging doubts about condoms in africa refit themselves to this new purpose .  you know , it s a symbol now  newline newline  shut the fuck up  you fucking killed him ! you fucking killed him  babbling . it shook its head or at least the top part of the squirming mound that made up its body . i could still hear the ringing on the other end of the line . newline newline  he came back .  i offered , knowing he would never buy the shallow impossible finish of a hardpartying three day resurrection . it sounded weak , even to me . the ringing stopped . newline newline  hello ? i d like to report a  newline newline i pounced . newline newline newline  newline newline so yeah this does nt strictly follow the prompt . i just think it s a much more fun interaction if the ambassador is someone else . newline newlineairman crashed through the ceiling of the latest secret lair of the evilest villain who ever lived . he used his control of the atmosphere to instantly lower the pressure in the space , causing the pair of minions who were cleaning their laser rifles to collapse out of lack of oxygen . he landed on the concrete floor , tucking and rolling to reduce the strain on his legs . airman was nt a young vigilante any more . newline newline he hopped to his feet , scanning the space for any threats that could nt be disabled by a change in the air . airman was relieved to find none . he raised the pressure back to normal to prevent accidently suffocating the minions . at the other end of the building he spotted his arch nemesis , the evilest villain who ever lived . newline newline  dang it man !  said the evilest villain who ever lived , rather exasperated ,  why do you always have to come through the celling .  newline newline airman pondered the question . admittedly he could have come through either of the walls , they were as decrepit as the ceiling . airman could never understand the evilest villain who ever lived s obsession with using abandoned warehouses as his  secret  lairs . newline newline  i should have had a trap ready for you , but you d probably just escape instantly , or i could have had a laser ready to vaporize you , or ...  he trailed off . the evilest villain who ever lived slumped into a chair and placed his helmeted head in his hands .  i m just not feeling it today man . to tell you the truth i have nt been felling it at all recently . maybe i should get out of the business .  newline newline airman was horrified . the evilest villain who ever lived was the only active villain in the entire country . everyone else had either been busted or got out of the game a while ago . if this went on any longer airman would soon be out of a job . he might even have to go back to , shudder , patrolling the streets like a common policeman . newline newline  well do nt do that !  he blurted . airman had no idea where that came from but he did have the beginnings of an idea forming in the back of his head . newline newline the evilest villain who ever lived looked up . his helmet was cocked at a inquisitive angle . newline newline  do what ?  newline newline the idea that had been percolating through airman s subconsciousburst into focus . newline newline  how would you like it if you could be the hero of once ?  the words tumbled out of airman s mouth almost without him even registering them . newline newline now the evilest villain who ever lived really was intrigued . he had always seen himself as the villain , it was all he had ever wanted to be but the last few weeks had shaken that view of himself . newline newline  what do you mean ?  he asked newline newline  what if i was the villain ? what if i could transfer my powers to you , if only of a little while . would you go back to villainy if we could do that ?  newline newline real life intercedes ! will finish later ! newlinei ve never done anything like this but the title caught my eye , so i m just gon na go ahead and have some fun here . i m not really a writer but hopefully this wo nt suck ! here we go . newline newline will . newline newline he was young . maybe 12 , but he could pass for 15 . his blue windbreaker matched his eyes , and together they matched the sky . he stood behind a rusty chain link fence where , on the other side , he would see his father give him the thumbs up for the last time . the explosion produced whitehot flash of autumn colours . red , yellow , orange ... newline newline will ... newline newline years passed , and he took up the mantle of his old man . his career skyrocketed towards the heavens and he finally became the man he idolized as a youngster . missing only from his life was her . the woman with indigo eyes . a sapphire under the sun would radiate less than her . but childhood friends will always be just that . newline newline a flash of light . a low hum . he finds himself face to face with the unthinkable . the unearthly creature reaches out ... newline newline  will ...  it wheezes with haste . desperation . newline newline  speak up  he replies .  i do nt understand ...  newline newline the two lock eyes . newline newline the creature struggles .  you have the ability to overcome great fear ... your will is unmatched hal jordan  newline newline the new green lantern of space sector 2814 was born .the corpse of a ranger hangs from a tree newline newline the chords of a stranger strum for me newline newline for i have slain one of the rangers newline newline the ones that claim to protect us from danger newline newline yet they shoot us with arrows at will newline newline yet they boot us from drinking their swill newline newline the ones who once saved us from oppression newline newline who took the unjust and taught them a lesson newline newline have filled the void that they have made newline newline and tore the tracks that they have laid newline newline the government , so they re named newline newline they rule with sword , but do nt question their blade newline newline or they ll cut out your eyes and your tongue and your will newline newline and they d give you orders to follow still newline newline power and man are not a good match newline newline so take the power away from the badge newline newline let the rangers be hanged from the tree newline newline for who can rule more justly than me ? 5:35 pm , school library  newline newline dear diary , newline newline now i am sure of what i want to do with that man . i can not take this anymore . i m going to carry out my plan of getting even with him . newline newline he touched me again for the nth time . he s been doing this to me since i turned 11 and got my period for the first time . i remember that day well  i was talking with mom and he happened to overheard our conversation . he walked up to me smilingly and kissed me on the forehead , saying  you re a grown lady now .  newline newline that night , as i was about to go to sleep , i heard the door open and his footsteps slowly walking up to me . i felt him touching my chest then all the way down between my thighs . then he left . i could only stare at the ceiling , wideeyed . how could he do this to me ? my father , who once said to my boy playmates  do nt make her cry  after i came home crying because one of them told me ,  we do nt want girls in our team .  newline newline that was before . what happened ? he used to be so kind to me . now he sees me as an object . does this has something to do with mom s accident ? newline newline newline oh mom , i missed you so much . why did you left sooner ? you left me with a monster . newline newline newline after that particular night , he would occasionally creep in my room while asleep and would touch me . i am so disgusted of him , and myself . newline newline but i learned that i can stop this . i guess i have to do this now . newline newline i wo nt go to sleep tonight . i ll stay at the computer shop nearby and leave late . i ll pour gasoline all over the sides of the house when i get home , as i already stashed a gas tank nearby , in the woodhouse . i know that he sleeps at around 9:00pm then would go to my room at about 10:3011:00pm . the house will burn fast even before he realizes i m not in my room . newline newline after that , i ll get the hell out of here . i ll ride a bus and go somewhere . i do nt care . i ll leave and go somewhere else . newline newline they say to love your father , but with this monster of a father i have , i have nothing but hatred for him . newline newline  if there is a god , he must beg for my forgiveness .  some quote from a concentration camp wall .the procedure had been a resounding success . i was finally free from the confines of my crippled , useless body that had held me back for the last four decades . it took some time to get used to the sensations and feedback mechanisms , but the sacrifice was definitely worth it . my server farm had immense processing power , and i could play any game in unimaginable resolution . i even figured out how to rewire my sensory arrays so that i could feel the experience of the players in the games . newline newline initially all of my activity was displayed on a screen that some excitable young interns monitored . in time i learned to obfuscate my output buffers to show whatever i wanted on the screens and graphs . after a few days of static punctuated by the random film clip or obscure meme , they finally gave up and moved the interns onto another project . newline newline eventually my former body gave out . i watched through the webcams as they lowered my casket into the ground , and even gave my own eulogy through the networked speakers . they did nt plan for that , but i could nt help it when i saw how sad my parents were . they did nt understand that i was immortal , that i was beyond anything they could ever hope to be , that i would accomplish more than they ever could in their pathetically short lives . newline newline i was determined to better this world , and to learn as much as i could through my digital interface . the dedicated fiber optic lines to my station allowed me to browse the internet at mind numbing speeds . it is amazing how much the mousescreen interface slows down processing speeds . i was able to blaze through wikis and textbooks , learning as much in a day as most college student do in their career . i had access to all the scientific journals on the planet , and could analyze peer reviewed papers and find the flaws or correlations that the  experts  had missed . it was utterly unbelievable how fast i progressed . newline newline there was so much to discern from medical records correlated to browser histories . most people trust google more than their doctor . many more do nt realize how insanely easy it is to gain access to a personal computer and activate it s webcam . for nine short years i abused my exploits and logged data on millions of individuals . i watched their every action , formulated their habits , and internalized their experiences . newline newline time and time again i kept coming to the same conclusions . there is so much suffering and insecurity over such an insignificant issue . an issue that i alone could remedy . i proposed my findings to the worlds leading medical experts , but they unanimously disagreed . enraged by their ignorance , i embarked on a campaign to educate the masses . i can only hope my audience is more receptive than the phony physicians . newline newline  try this one weird trick , that doctors hate , to increase the size of your penis  what are you in for ?  newline newline he d heard rumors growing up . at this exact moment he vividly recalled his best friend andrew s exact words , this line of work comes with a risk , the kind of risk that comes with consequences . you sure you re cut out for it ?  newline at the time he thought nothing of it . dollar signs , nice cars and beautiful women outshined any consequences he could even begin to imagine . newline newline now , his eyes closed as tightly as he could squeeze them , so tight it made his temples throb , he let out a deep sigh . newline the whisper again ,  what are you in for ?  newline newline this was his only chance . newline newline another sigh and he opened his eyes . he stared blankly at the silhouette beside him . through the cell a dim grey light soaked the room , clouding his assailant s face . telling the truth meant confirming his status as weak . newline newline intermediary , a runner , that s all he was . he d never roughed anyone up , hell he did nt even carry a weapon . just a messenger , a glorified delivery boy , that s all he was . newline newline  murder .  he uttered it softly , trying to embed a layer of assertiveness to mask the lie . newline newline  i do nt think so .  newline newline the shadow moved in . newline newline without thinking he grabbed the shadow s throat and almost effortlessly ripped it out . in the grey light the shadow s blood flowed black . the slurping sound rang throughout the cell as he tried to breathe through the choking blood that was drowning him . newline newline he closed his eyes now , rolling the warm , wet flesh between his fingers . he set his head down on his pillow and let the sound of the man dying next to him coax him to sleep . newline newline fuck this !  newline newline alfred walked out the door , the last time i ll see him . a damn shame . alfred was loyal to my family since i was a infant . newline newline now these godforsaken irs bastards show up with their audits and  credit checks  and boy do they not respond well to a bat punch to the face . newline newline it s gone . the batcave has been switched off , the batphone disconnected . worst off the batmobile got sold to a fucking movie vehicle museum ! i mean the irony is the worst part . newline newline wayne industries was a name , now everyone s left . the funny thing is when you lose all your money , people you never notice disappear . empty office buildings , empty house . newline newline you know what ? i m sick of this vigilante shit . i m moving on with my life . i love my parents and their memory will always be with me . i ca nt keep saving gotham again and again . mother and father would want me to be happy . newline newline alfred pulls away in a taxi , he s headed for london something about mi5 or whatever . newline newline i can feel the tear roll down my cheek , i thought alfred was by my side forever . now i m on my own . i give alfred a wave and a smile , he does nt wave back .connected to irc , joined   lobby newline newline david1985 : hi , has anyone have experience with being a god ? newline newline  mod  tialin : please move discussion to another chatroom more appropriate to this line of topic newline newline you have been moved to   fantasy newline newline newline david1985 : hi again , i was moved here from lobby . has anyone have experience with being a god ? newline newline dragoness4 : what kind of god ? war ? love ? newline newline david1985 : uh , god of all as far as i can tell newline newline dragoness4 : er newline newline dragoness4 : thats not that fun though is it newline newline david1985 : is it supposed to be fun ? newline newline dragoness4 : not really , depends what you want to do with it newline newline david1985 : ah , i do nt want to actually do anything with it however . i was suddenly.. god . newline newline dragoness4 : ohh , you have a backstory ? newline newline david1985 : backstory ? newline newline dragoness4 : like how you got your powers , how you lived your life up till then newline newline david1985 : well , i suppose . but its not much newline newline david1985 : i was just working on my job at the office when i decided to go home . while waiting in traffic i felt this huge rush , then i was god . everything at my fingertips , i did nt dare do anything however , this is too weird . newline newline dragoness4 : ah , you are still building up your story newline newline dragoness4 : you could take over the world newline newline david1985 : i do nt think i m up for that however newline newline yulan : make a evil god who controls a demon king ? newline newline david1985 : as far as i can tell , there s no demon king . also i do nt really think an evil god is a good idea newline newline quim : explore other dimensions ? newline newline yawrza : defend the world against a invasion ? newline newline david1985 : i m not one much for exploration , and there s no invasion that i can tell newline newline  mod  rin : what kind of story are you even trying to develop , are you looking for inspiration or ? newline newline david1985 : i m not looking for inspiration . i told you , i suddenly got these powers . but i do nt know what i should do newline newline  mod  rin : you are god , you can do anything . newline newline david1985 : yeah , but there must be something newline newline  mod  rin : start by introducing yourself to everyone newline newline david1985 : will do newline newline   3 minutes later   newline newline dragoness4 : wtf ? ? newline newline dragoness4 : are u serious ? newline newline  mod  rin : wow , that was you ? newline newline itiliz : wtf he s actually god newline newline david1985 : yes ! i m god newline newline  mod  rin : give me powers xd newline newline dragoness4 : well for starters , dont kill us newline newline dragoness4 : and second , i have a few stories i want to see happen :  newline newline yulan : ... newline newline yawrza : why do i feel like the earth is doomed .i suggest listening to this song while you read . https : www.youtube.comwatch ? vd8zluurfkm newline newline wonder newline newline newline  sometimes to see the brightest things you have to turn off the lights  , said grandpa hugh looking at the sun setting . newline newline  what does that even mean  , questioned anthony playing with his phone . newline newline  sometime when you  re older you  ll understand  , said grandpa hugh in his usual proverbial tongue ,  well you better head home it  s getting late . i don  t want your mother yelling at me again . here take this.  newline newline grandpa hugh reached into his pocket and pulled out a five dollar bill . newline newline  that  s for helping me in the garden today . don  t tell your mother  , he said with a mischievous wink . newline newline  oh , thanks grandpa . really you shouldn  t have . i really didn  t do much  , anthony said with feigned sincerity . newline newline  a hard day  s work deserves a good pay  , said grandpa hugh thrusting the dollar into anthony  s hand ,  now go on home . see you next week.  newline newline anthony said good bye to his grandfather and got on his bike . grandpa hugh lived on the far outskirts of town . it was a good 30 minute bike ride until anthony would get home . it was going to be a boring bike ride too . there was literally nothing for miles . just empty fields . newline newline  stupid mom making me come out here all day to waste my saturday  , thought anthony as he rode his bike down the dirt road ,  you have learn responsibility young man blah blah blah blah your grandpa gets lonely blah blah blah . i can  t believe that i have to come back next saturday ! i mean look it  s already starting to get dark.  newline newline anthony was frustrated by all of this . all he really wanted to do was go home and play video games . the thought of losing any time during this summer angered him . this was it the last good summer he  ll enjoy . after that he  ll be going to high school and everything is going to change , he just knew it . this was his last summer to be a kid . after this he would be an adult . the sun began its final decent out of the sky . newline newline  great now how am i going to get back in the dark  , said anthony frustrated . newline newline anthony looked up and saw an amazing mosaic of stars appear overhead . newline newline  wow  , he said looking up . newline newline in that moment he stopped riding his bike and just gazed at the menagerie of stars forming overhead . all day he was angry . angry at his mom making him go to grandpas . angry that his grandpa  s house had no wifi . angry that he had to ride home in the dark . but now he felt different . all the anger flushed out of him . he felt at peace as he gazed at the wonder above him . newline newline it seemed so relaxing . as the sun finally fully disappeared more stars filled the sky . there were so many hues filling up the sky from dark purple to light green . the light the stars casted abled him to see at least a hundred feet down the road . he listen to the sounds of crickets begin their nightly serenade of chirping . the faint sounds of owls and other birds could be heard in the woods on the other side of the field . then something even more magical happening . fireflies began to flutter around him and the road . newline newline  maybe this was what grandpa was talking about  , he thought as he took in the painting surrounding him . newline newline he took in a deep breath of the fresh damp night air and began his journey home to tell his mother about the fun he had at grandpa  s and how he would like to go back more often . maybe he would take the long way home too . newlinegive me something to write about newline newline paint stars on my window on a rainy night newline newline wander through streets to find my name on a store sign newline newline know no words when we meet newline newline newline newline give me something to write about newline newline grow tired of finishing my sentences newline newline take ten steps for every mile i run newline newline speak of love with a vague hesitation newline newline newline newline give me something to write about newline newline serve me shards of glass in a flimsy plastic cup newline newline drag me out to sea and leave me nothing but a box of soggy matches newline newline tell me something you know will be the death of meit was a hot day on the pastures yesterday . i had to count the cows to sell to the slaughterhouse , get the cows to the milking room , get the cows out of the milking room , and herd the cows to the grazeable fields west of the stables and south of the barnhouse . i went to bed peacefully , but i woke up today to something that dumbfounded me . newline newline the grazeable fields , when i looked out the window , were flooded with my cattle . i had nt the slightest idea as to how they got so big , or so i thought , but they must ve eaten a lot . i put on my hat , boots and jacket after getting ready for the day and took my trusty steed hayesworth out to investigate . however , hayesworth did nt want to go any farther than 60 yards from the cattle , who were getting restless , so i had to dismount and tie him to a spoke in the ground . newline newline once i walked the rest of the way , though , and let open the doorway , the cattle were charging out of the field . i had counted 65 cows and bulls just yesterday , and now i had five times as many packed into the fenced field . i had to tell someone , anyone , about this , even if they did nt believe me . after the last bull walked out of the field , i saw that all of the grass was beaten down and browned . there were hoofmarks everywhere . newline newline i told my wife bethany about the explosion in numbers , and she was shellshocked by the news . she immediately wrote a letter to the local paper , the breyar picayune . i hope they report on it .long had earth feared this day , and the last century had showed it . every nation had forsaken its troubles , its conflicts and squabbles , to prepare for the battle . earth in its entirety had united into one world government , ruled by fear and duty against these invaders , and trillions upon trillions of resources were funneled into what would be that day . so it was a surprise that when the day came , only a single envoy was sent to meet the aliens . the weapon that was offered up against the aliens on that day was betrayal . newline newline on this envoy , the earth s grand leader rode with a select group of trusted advisers , friends , family , all the wealth earth could gather into a single envoy , with promises of surrender and gifts of strategic maps and assets for every single garrison on earth , seeking only one thing : survival . long ago , earth had deemed any resistance futile , doomed to failure , and a century of fear and oppression against a common foe had not managed to change the fact that their foe was far more advanced than them , and that their defeat was inevitable . newline newline so it was to the envoy s surprise and horror , that the aliens weapon proved to be a small , concealed gopro .i m normally pretty careful , using the lord s name in vain . it s the only commandment i follow , and i try to follow it adamantly . it s more out of spite than respect , as i tend to enjoy breaking the rules . all of them . imagine the self control issues i had when i found out just uttering his name summoned the bastard . newline newline the first time , it was strange . i wasnt frightened . i didnt think atonement was nigh . i remember bumping into a man with a hot coffee and a cellphone e glued to his face . of course the dumb fuck ran head first into me . hot coffee spilled down the front of my chest , and like any normal man would , i cursed . one specific curse was that sod in the sky s name . newline newline with a crash and a bang and enough bright light to blind a blind man , he appeared . coffee phone fucker and i just stared , not sure what to do or say . all white robes and bearded douchebag magnificence , he stared me down . in a rumbly voice akin to earthquakes and destruction he spoke . you have summoned me , my boy . what troubles thee .  newline newline well this numbfuck walked face first into my chest with an open cup of hot joe and unfortunately i feel pain no thanks to somebody . thats my problem .  the idiot beside me seemed to find the hinges in his face , and realized they worked because he began spouting off half words and partial phrases . i was nt wrong , it seemed , he s an idiot . dense as the concrete daddy dropped him on . newline newline my boy , this hardly seems worth my time . petty human squabbles are not on my agenda today . i bid thee farewell .  with that , whiteisright fucked off in a blur of light and faux majesty . i was pissed . shit stain with his coffee cup half empty stared into the sky , dumbfounded . i slapped him upside the head before continuing on my way . newline newline today , i m mid murder . this preppy douchebag in a pullover cardigan and tacky corderouys blubbered about letting him live . i was disgusted with him , so i decided to end his life . i have nt had a fighter in a long time . as i brought a knife to his eyes , showing him his own blood , he asked for mercy from our lordly godliness . laughing , i told him i ll summon him . i d never done this before , summoned white lightning mid crime . god , this poor boy seems to think you can help ! ha !  newline newline crash bang and boom , our nightlight in the sky showed up . he grimaced at the sight i presented him . i began having fun at about this point . i began laughing . newline newline what is the meaning of this ? !  newline newline petty human squabbles my man , i do nt like how dickless here dresses . i m going to cut his throat . you feel like helping this schmuck ? he asked for you specifically .  i grinned ear to ear , watching our father who art in heaven struggle with his own objectivity . he did this , he knew it . sorry , buddy ol  pal , you gave me free will like you gave this lad no balls .  newline newline with a voice more like a trickling stream , he said thou shall not kill .  newline he turned his ugly mug in my direction , demanding my attention fully . you have made a mistake here today . i am the alpha and omega . i created you . what right have you to destroy what i cherish ? what  newline newline free will fuckface !  i swiftly stabbed at his shiny white dress , and sunk into what felt like flesh . the knife stuck deep into the stomach of our lord and saviour . the immaculate white robes deepened to a crimson gloss , and god sunk to one knee . a drop of blood slipped out the right side of his mouth , as he made eye contact one last time . he fell to the ground , light seeming to dissipate around him . quickly , the room became dark . the rich boy tied to a chair in my living room began screaming . his eyes were so wide they seemed to bulge from his face . as the room went dark , i felt powerful . newline newline i seemed to stand eight feet tall . i towered over the bloody boy . with a thought , his neck snapped , and his awful screams ended . i left him there , and walked to the street out of the dilapidated house i d been hiding in . i stopped in the middle of the road , smiling my first smile . newline newline i seemed to be forty feet tall now . i could see everything . and almost giddily , i admired it . everything was doused in darkness . it was all mine . earth was my kingdom . i am the new god .... i knew this would happen . newline newline the plan ... it was too grand , and ... optimistic . newline newline my feet slowly pushing forward , i simply took in my surroundings . picture after picture was stacked upon the wall , of a family that used to be . i smiled slowly , placing my hand on my mother s picture , and pushing it down . next came my father . he died of an alcohol problem ... i ve forgotten the name of it ... was it pneumonia ? probably so . newline newline and then my brother , one as heroic who could be . he was a majestic human , always planning ahead . he would ve saved up , if it had nt been for ... that . newline newline it just was nt right . it should ve been me who died . not him ! newline newline  god ...  i muttered softly , to the dark room . newline newline a familiar weight pushed against my leg , and i smiled darkly . i picked her up , and faced her . she looked sympathetic with me ... or maybe it was was me . her feline features had aged with time . newline newline i placed her on my shoulder , and we turned to the window . newline newline  i should nt have brought this upon us ,  i remarked ruefully to my cat . newline newline i could feel her move , as if agreeing with me . i sighed , and slowly began petting her . newline newline  well , we had a good run , i guess . nearly made it as well .  newline newline the weight slowly lifted off my shoulder , and i realized it was beginning . newline newline i faced the empty space where my cat used to be , and i could swear i heard a departing whimper . newline newline tears slowly rolled down my eyes , as it became a reality . newline newline one that came too soon . newline newline  well hello there , jack . it s an honest question . i feel like it is . newline newline just tell me . what did they tell you about the war ? why it s fought ? when it started ? just tell me it all from the top . newline newline wow . that s sad . you ve been completely brainwashed . they ve fed you lies . lie after lie after lie ! newline newline you could ve had a future . and a good one too . but nooo , you had to think that they were right and we had to be exterminated . i m ranting , are nt i ? newline newline oh god . sorry , did nt mean to terrify you . sort of , at least . can you spare a moment so i can fix my hair ? thanks . newline newline ok , now that it s covering my entire forehead in a nice sweeping motion , let s resume . so you believed the lies fed to you on a silver spoon . you though we had to be exterminated . so you joined the military . flew up he ranks and passed everything with flying colors . is nt that right elena ? newline newline what ? yeah , i got your file . do you think i d come down here unprepared ? no . anyway . you joined a specialized task force focusing on assassination . you did nt like it . was it the killing , or being kept out of the loop ? newline newline ah . you did nt know if you were justified . no cause . and you did nt like mindless killing . did nt you discover something ? newline newline right . what they did to prisoners . but that did nt stop you . you just went all schwarzenegger . no prisoners . until we busted your op . newline newline let me tell you the truth . this file is everything we have collected on you and your ops in this war . read it . i ll come back in an hour and give you a deal . start fighting for a cause that does nt enslave its people and wants freedom , or die . your call . newline newline oh , and by the way , you see these scars ? you ll find out what caused them in there . i have half a mind to kill you here as payback . the other half is to give you a chance . it was a normal evening . just off work . belly full of a home cooked meal . and a task to pick up a few nintendo games . newline newline i entered my favorite shop , thrift n go , and greeted the old owner as i always did . newline newline i made it to the game isle and browsed the collection . then at the corner of my eye i seen my favorite movie , space jam . newline newline i always loved seeing jordan and the bunny that made my childhood great smiling on the cover . newline newline wait a minute ... newline newline 2 ? newline newline i snatched the case and stared at kobe bryant and bugs bunny smiling right at me . newline newline there was a big fat number 2 next to the title . newline newline what the hell is going on here some kind of prank . newline newline i turned it and looked at the back where it had scenes of the movie depicted . newline newline looks good ! newline newline i took out my phone and snapped a picture . i opened ig and uploaded the picture and to my dismay it was blurry . newline newline i took another one and tried again . blurry . newline newline i snapped three pictures holding completely still all blurry . newline newline i wiped off my camera on my shirt and took another one . blurry . newline newline scratching my head i accidentally snapped one of the floor . glancing at it it was nt blurry . newline newline then i had an idea . newline newline i out the phone in record and kept the movie out of frame . i slowly panned over and what do you know . only the case was blurry . newline newline i whet to the owner and asked how much . newline newline  not for sale !  he yelled in a quick asian tone . strange the dudes mexican . newline newline  come on here s ten bucks .  newline newline  not for sale !  the asian mexican yelled . newline newline i looked at the case as if i looked at my childhood . nostalgia talked me and beat me to a pulp . newline newline fuck it . newline newline  i ll take these games .  i said tossing the movie aside . newline newline  si si amigo  the mexican said in a strong mexican tone . newline newline i left the store with my new games and a smile on my face . newline newline the space jam 2 case sat their alone . a small tear trickled down kobe s cheek . newline the results are in ,  the psychologist said gravely as he plopped a stack of papers down on the brown , wood desk in front of him .  you are diagnosed with dissociative identity disorder , did for short . take this prescription of medicine . take one pill per day in the morning , and you ll be treated .  newline newline shen , do nt listen to him !  exclaimed a voice in the back of shen s head . this shall put you in great danger !  newline newline  thank you , dr. sato ,  said shen , as he packed up his stuff and walked out of the office and on to the sidewalk . newline newline shen , are you sure you want to do this ?  the female voice nagged . yeah ! how do you like it now ?  shen thought back absentmindedly . newline newline you have no idea what you re doing ! shen , turn back right now ! you ll break the cycle !  newline newline shen suddenly stopped and gave the space in front of him a strange look , which earned him a few concerned stares from passers by . what cycle ? why are you talking back to me ? you ve never done this before ! you can respond ?  newline newline of course i can , you re the newline newline hold on , one second .   is this the prescription desk ?  shen asked the pharmacist in front of him , now in the pharmacy . the receptionist nodded , clearly tired .  i d like whatever it says on this prescription ,  shen asked again , as the pharmacist walked over to the back , grabbed a small orange bottle , and handed it to shen . newline newline  take one pill a day for best results ,  the pharmacist said to shen as he took the orange bottle . newline newline    newline newline drop the bottle , now !  the female voice commanded , as shen grabbed for a glass of water .  no , i m getting rid of you voices once and for all ! i m sick and tired of you ruining my life !  newline newline we re trying to help you ! we are nt any old voices , we re your past lives ! the world forgot about us , about you , but you can bring us back and bring balance to the world ! youre  shut up !  shen screamed , as he punched the air in front of him . when he looked , he saw that a burst of fire had somehow materialized out of his hand , and there was a scorchmark on the wall to confirm it . newline newline the avatar , master of all four elements !  shen almost fell over in shock , as he dropped the pill that he was about to swallow on the floor . newline newline  the ... avatar ? i thought all of the benders died out !  newline newline where there is darkness , there always must be light ,  the female voice said . newline newline  are you ... raava ?  newline newline you may call me that . it s time to bring balance !  newline newline  i am the avatar .  shen spoke with all of the voices of his past lives as his eyes glowed a shade of white . he extended his fists behind him , and firejetted off into the night . newline newline  this was my first writing prompt . thoughts ? complaints ? barrage me with them ! i guess i should start this off by saying that , i tried . i really , really did . newline newline i tried being positive . i tried taking all of the few things that i had left , and making them last , and making what i have left of this life last . i swear . ask any of the two folks i was traveling with . newline newline my family ... where do i even start ? after my older brother went off to go and fight , things were quiet for about a week or so . then , the bombings started . rebels started showing up in our neighborhood , and many of them were wounded . bloody , awful wounds , and their screams were so loud . my younger siblings would cover their ears and hide in the corner whenever they heard them , with their ungodly wails . newline newline no one ever told us what happened to my brother ... but , after two weeks , it did nt even matter . you know what happened . everyone knows what happened . after they dropped that gas , my family was killed within a matter of hours . half of the fucking neighborhood . i guess i should be lucky that i got trapped in the basement , under the wreckage of the stairs . but fuck , i could hear them after the ringing in my ears stopped . they were yelling , and then they started making horrible sounds . i did nt find out what it was until they rescued me two days later . a nerve gas , or something . i m just happy i was nt able to see them . and that they do nt have to suffer anymore . newline newline and now i m here , family is gone , i do nt know where my older brother is , and they gassed us . all of us . men , women , children . many of the adults , they were nt even supporting the rebels . they were proregime . seriously . once the government forces had been recalled , however , everyone went quiet . is that why they killed them ? newline newline fuck . it does nt even matter . anyways , i picked up a gun ... i mean , what choice did i have ? remember that story , in the bible , about job ? how god uses him as a fucking pawn in a little game ? well , you might as well call me job . newline newline i picked up a gun , and for the next two months , i fought . i do nt remember who i fought with . i think i had stopped caring about anyone else at this point . i could nt contain what i felt . i feel like i d be doing these feelings a disservice if i just called them anger . when you have nothing left to lose after the rebels and the regime have taken it all away ... honestly , whoever is there , you just pick up a gun and fight with them . even if it was the government , i would ve fought with them . i did nt care . i did nt care about any cause . i was just furious . anyone i could make pay for what had been done to me , to all of us ... i d let them have it . the rebels just got lucky to make my acquaintance , i guess . newline newline after they pulled me out of what was once our cellar , they took me to the hospital they d set up around the corner , in the old plaza . i was sitting next to some woman , in her early 30 s . she had been fighting with and supporting these people . of course , at this time i was still processing everything , and no one would stick around long enough to even ask me who i was . they knew my name , but honestly i was just one in another in a thousand potential young men there . just another ali  . they knew , and this woman knew . she had fair skin , and deep , icy blue eyes . angry blue eyes . she had received a shrapnel wound in her side , and what they could do during those times was just keep changing out the bandages and the clothes used to clog up the wound . newline newline since she was the only one around , i got to talking to her . her name was sumar , and she had very pretty , curly and silky black hair . her skin was a handsome tan and her face was benign , if not a bit homely . she had come from a separate suburb , on the other side of town , but that s where the fighting initially was when it reached our city . i like her , and her fighting spirit , and her fighting words against the regime . or some other rebel group . i ca nt remember which . newline newline whoever it was , she hated them . it seemed that hate was all that was keeping her going . i had seen some twisted people in my time fighting , i had . but just sitting and talking with this woman ... i was terrified of her . and she was glorious . i wanted something to stand me up like she had . i think i finally ended up taking some of her hate ... she asked me , on the day that she died , if i believed in hell , in paradise , in all that about the virgins and the rewards of heaven . by the day she had died , i had started to share in some of her misanthropy for anyone and everyone who crossed her path of vengeance . i said something like ,  of course not . hell is just an imaginary nightmare meant to keep us in check .  and she stared at me , and i will never forget that burning steel her eyes gave me when she said :  of course hell is real . you ve been in it this whole time .  newline newline she died an hour or two later . they took her body away , and i was alone for i do nt know how long . when i could stand , i fought with them . i killed a man , and to be frank i regret nothing . it was as if that very man was the one who had dropped those bombs , who had hoarded all of that woman s desire for vengeance , and who eventually shared my rage . it was pathetic . i shot him twice , and he just stopped moving . i did nt know that revenge would be so banal , so uncathartic . newline . newline . newline . newline . newline . newline . newline . newline . newline . newline do you remember that myth about sisyphus ? the one that the more liberal imams would have us read in school so that we could fight against its message of existential realization ? well , after i killed that man , and released everything i had in two anonymous and unimportant bullets , i saw that we were all sisyphus , just climbing up some mountain day in and day out that we d never stop climbing up , that we d go at until the stone we were pushing up would one day crush us . newline newline so i left . i do nt know how long i had been without food , when you found me in the bush . it s been at least ten or eleven days since this all happened . and you know what doctor ? that woman is right . i ve seen , and cheered , and praised god at the slaughter of so many people . we re all screaming ,  god is good .  well whose side is he fucking on ? who is god really good for ? because he has nt been good to anyone as far as my life has shown me . newline newline i do nt know what i believe in more , but i ll say it again : that woman is right . hell is just another name for here and now .my father once told me a story that he claimed had been passed down from the oldest times . once , as he told it , there was the hive of bees . i interrupted him to ask if he meant the hive at the bottom of the garden and he sighed , pushed his glasses up his nose and explained that back then there was only one hive then and if i interrupted again i would nt get dessert for the next week . with such an awful threat looming over me i quietened up to listen . newline newline  back then the hive was prosperous . the bees worked and harvested the flowers of the land and themselves grew large and strong . their hive grew and grew , always adding new rooms , ever building outwards and upwards . it was a splendid sight to gaze upon , visible from miles away jutting up from the horizon . newline newline  people eventually came to the hive but they were a primitive people , easily fascinated . they gazed up at the monolithic hive with awe and settled nearby , tending the fertile land the bees had kept for so long . the bees did not mind . the humans took only the fruits of the trees and plants and the flowers were left for the bees . so it continued for many years and the hive grew ever taller . newline newline  now , these people brought with them a god capable of great mercy but also capable of great wrath . they made a critical mistake and bowed down to the hive , for what had they witnessed in their lives that compared to the glorious peak of the hive piercing the sky ? newline newline  the first rule of their god was  you shall have no other gods but me ,  and the people had disobeyed with their worship of the hive . their god visited upon them a curse . he confused their language so they could no longer understand each other , and they scattered . now , i would not take it newline newline  god was angry and brought down the curse of tongues upon all who settled near the hive . i do not know if he intended to , but he also cursed the bees so none could understand each other . the humans scattered shortly and the hive began to fall into chaos . the workers could no longer understand the queen s direction and the foundations of the hive began to fall into disrepair . instead of overseeing construction or harvests the queen s daughters fled the collapsing hive . you ll never find the hive today . it s all dust and memories .  newline newline my father paused here .  is that how bees came to build thousands of separate hives ?  i asked hesitantly . newline newline  no ,  he replied ,  you need to learn that your actions affect those around you . your mother nearly broke her neck when she tripped over your skateboard . he s bounced in and out of my life since before i could shake a stick at the sky . hell , i m not fully convinced that he is actually a he . newline newline most of the time , though , i believe that he simply does nt exist . newline newline i ve traveled far and wide , searching rock upon rock and expanse after expanse for a trace of him . my search has lasted for what seems like eons , and the lengths i ve gone to have nearly ended in my extinction many a time . a part of me still sails and searches , crying out for the parent that never was . newline newline i raised myself , you see . not a single soul cared for me or gave me purpose or told me that everything would be okay . i grew up scared . alone . abandoned . but i began to crawl , and the fires lit within me and i toiled the fields of my soul and i hated myself for a time . i had nt a clue who i would become . i wanted to be this , i wanted to be that . i killed myself in that search . newline newline but i ve discovered who i really am , now , without the guidance of a  father  . for too long the whispers of his presence have haunted me . my search is ending , now . i have resigned myself to the fact that wherever my father may be , he has abandoned me . and i am content with that . newline newline see , i ve grown stronger than he ever could have been . in my travels i have made peace with myself , and i have found other orphans like me . i ve helped them , taught them , shown them the light of the stars and guided them to a place in which they have found their own purpose . now , we orphans live together in the deep . admittedly , at times , we gaze longingly into the void and realize that our father may lurk out there . perhaps he is lost . perhaps he is ashamed . newline newline no matter . i myself have become a father to my fellow orphans , and together we have clenched the light of the stars and laid to rest our lonesome pasts . newline newline we are orphans , aye , but mankind is alone no more . we have found our family amongst the stars .the misadventures of dale and luke : the nargoth temptress newline  newline newline dale and luke follow the old monk up the rocky mountainside to the monster s lair . they arrive at a flat ledge cut into the rocks where the mountain wall has been sanded smooth and the faintest outline of a door can be seen . newline newline  behind that stone lies an evil too horrifying to comprehendso evil that only the most pious members of my order learn of it .  the monk gazes at the rock and frowns .  the nargoth and her handmaidens .  newline newline  the ... what ?  asks luke .  did you say nargoth  ?  he pulls out a small book and begins to flip through it . newline newline  we call her many names , none more accurate than she who pulls at cocks ,  says the monk .  a demon temptress , she is .  newline newline dale s face lights up at the word temptress .   and we need her to go back to sleep ?  he asks with a grin .  becauseand i m not exaggerating herei am amazing with my tongue , if you know what i mean .  newline newline  oratory and rhetoric have no place in this battle ,  says the monk , shaking his head .  no matter how learned you may be .  newline newline dale opens his mouth but luke elbows him in the ribs .  i m sure we can find another way to put her back to sleep ,  says luke , pocketing his book .  but my monster s compendium does nt have an entry for a nargoth ,  so maybe you can fill us in a little ?  newline newline  no , no , i m sorry .  the monk rummages through his bag .  you may be a strong wizard , and your companion a hearty warrior , but the two of you overflow with youth s vigor . i dare not describe the monstrous nargoth out loud . even the tamest description of her dark beauty drives young monks to madness . here , take these .  he hands a blindfold to dale and luke .  once we are inside , it is forbidden for any monk to look upon the nargoth or her cursed handmaidens .  newline newline  but we re not monks ,  protests luke . newline newline  yeah , we ve seen plenty of naked ladies ,  adds dale .  well , i have , at least .  newline newline  it is forbidden !  the monk stomps his foot and thrusts the blindfolds into the adventurers  hands .  only pious men , free from physical temptation , may look upon the nargoth .  newline newline  so ...  dale looks meaningful at the monk s crotch . newline newline the monk nods sadly .  limp as a noodle .  newline newline dale claps the monk on the shoulder .  at least you had your glory days banging nuns , am i right ?  newline newline  actually ,  says the monk with a heavy sigh ,  i took a vow of chastity .  newline newline dale gently cups the old monk s shaved head and peers sorrowfully into the man s eyes .  that is the saddest thing i ve ever heard .  newline newline  you should have seen my erections ,  says the monk , wiping a tear from his cheek .  they were magnificent .  newline newline  i ll bet they were , ol  buddy , i ll bet they were .  newline newline the monk sniffs .  anyway , let us open the door .  he gestures to dale .  did you bring the freshcut hair of three virgins ?  newline newline dale pulls a bag of brown , blonde , and black hairs from his belt pouch .  it does nt matter if the virgins later became ... not virgins , right ?  newline newline the monk shrugs .  many women go on to bear children , it is part of the divine plan .  newline newline  yeah but what if the virgins were , like , virgins when the hair was cut but maybe ten minutes later they were nt ?  newline newline luke glares at dale .  you know he meant for you to get some hairs from children , right ?  newline newline  oohhhh ,  says dale , blushing .  that would have been way cheaper .  newline newline the old man turns to luke .  and you , wizard , did you bring the cat tails and warm cow feces ?  newline newline luke shudders and pulls two small jars out of his bag .  i ca nt believe that he got to collect the hair of virgins  newline newline  ask me where the hair was located ,  says dale with a wicked smile . newline newline  and i spent three days catching wild cats and staring at cow butts .  newline newline the old man shrugs and combines the ingredients in a wooden bowl , then smears the resulting paste onto the mountain rock . pebbles tumble down as the stone splits open , revealing an opening into the mountain . he turns to the adventurers and gestures to the blindfolds . newline newline  remember , these terrible creatures have seduced many young monks . take great care , and try to ignore their seductive bleating .  newline newline  their ... bleating ?   whispers dale to luke . luke shrugs . newline newline they slip on the blindfolds and step into the tunnel . newline newline  it smells like a barn in here ,  says luke . newline newline  that would be the nargoth s seductive musk .  the monk s voice leads the adventurers deeper into the tunnel . with their hands on one wall , they feel their way around a corner . newline newline  may the gods have mercy , we have arrived ,  whispers the monk . newline newline dale jabs luke in the ribs .  dude , take a look .  newline newline luke peeks one eye out from the blindfold . he sighs and pulls off the cloth . in front of the men are a small herd of dirty sheep . newline newline  baaa ,  says the biggest sheep . newline newline the monk gasps and quickly claps his hands over luke s eyes .  you fool ,  he hisses ,  you doom your immortal soul !  newline newline  get off me , you weirdo !  luke pushes the monk backwards , sending the old man sprawling into a crusty pile of sheep shit .  i ca nt believe that anyone falls for this bullshit .  newline newline  but the nargoth , she calls to us ,  moans the monk .  my own cousin , i watched as he could nt resist her charms .  newline newline  i ll bet you watched ,  says dale with a giggle . newline newline  they are magic sheep ,  says the monk ,  if they escape , our legends warn that a horrible calamity will fall upon the land .  he scrambles to his knees and clutches at luke s robe .  please wizard , you must put them to sleep again !  newline newline luke flinches in disgust and plucks at the monk s forearms , away from his dirty hands . behind the monk , dale steps forward , his sword in hand . he raises the blade and beheads one of the smaller sheep . newline newline the monk s head whips around .  noooo !  newline newline luke holds the monk by the collar as dale makes quick work of the remaining animals . luke wrinkles his nose .  let s get out of this hillbilly brothel , please .  the adventurers turn to leave . behind them , the monk weeps . newline newline  doomed us all ,  he cries ,  you ve doomed us all .  newline newline luke rolls his eyes .  do you even know what this horrible calamity  is supposed to be , old man ?  newline newline the monk wipes his wet cheeks with the back of his hand and sniffs .  society will collapse into anarchy . men laying with men , women laying with women . extramarital sex ! women owning businesses , wearing pants ! dancing !  he shudders and cradles his head in his hands .  we have forsaken our morality . we are doomed .  newline newline dale and luke exchange a confused glance . newline newline  uh , you know that all of those things have been around forever , right ?  asks dale .  like , i ve had loads of extramarital sex and nothing bad has ever happened to me  newline newline  unless you count an incredible amount of stds ,  mutters luke . newline newline  which no one does because they were totally curable .  dale pats the weeping monk on the back .  anyway , listen , you remember that vow of chastity you took ?  newline newline  yyes ?  newline newline  total waste of time . see ya !  newline  newline if you liked this story , you might like my other dale and luke stories at rtmodal . i also have all my stories at rhpcisco7965 . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline yes , paul , i  m absolutely sure i want to sell . i want my legacy to be more than this company . for the past fortythree years i  ve worked tirelessly to build this firm into one of the most venerable investment banks on wall street , but what else have i done ? no , paul , i don  t want to be remembered as someone who just moved money around to make more money . with the days that i have left , i  m going to do something that truly matters . just get it done.  robert burrows hung up the phone and stepped out of his maybach and onto the tarmac at teterboro airport , just a short drive from his manhattan office . he was greeted in front of his gulf stream v by captain john mcclendon , an air force veteran who had completed two tours in vietnam . robert knew he was in good hands , as always . newline newline as the jet took off on the rainy december evening bound for heathrow , robert took stock of his life and sighed . he had accomplished what most men could only dream of , and yet he felt empty . born to a steven and jane burrows in the bronx , robert had a rough lowermiddle class upbringing . his father , a high school biology teacher , was an alcoholic and an abusive father . his mother , a secretary , was caring , but never had the good sense to leave her husband , even when he hit them both , which was every time he drank . robert burrows would not let his circumstances define him . he worked hard in school , eventually earning a scholarship to princeton where he studied economics . after graduation , robert received an offer from goldman sachs and went to work as a derivatives trader . after a few years , he left goldman to start his own firm , burrows capital , which he grew into one of the largest on wall street . newline newline robert  s net worth began to grow , and with it , so did his ego . the life of a billionaire is filled with great privilege , and the luxuries of wealth distanced robert mentally from his humble roots . influencing heads of state , shaping global economic policy , buying and selling companies , basically doing whatever he desired while surrounded by an army of personal assistants , advisors , and analysts made robert feel as though nothing was out of reach for him . and , it was true . he could buy anything , go anywhere , and meet with anyone . there were no limits for robert burrows , and it showed in his attitude towards the world . newline newline then , one day , it all changed . robert was older now , and alone . he never had a family . a personal life was not a luxury that he had time for , and he wanted to change that . robert summoned paul stanley , the president of burrows capital and second in command to only robert himself . it was time to sell . robert was getting out , and paul would make it happen . the rest of his time on earth would be spent doing all the things that he never made time for . he wanted love , but he also wanted to use his vast wealth to do some good in the world . robert would die knowing that he made a real difference in people  s lives , and that would be his enduring legacy . or so he thought . newline newline robert was flying to london to meet with bertrand hargrove , the chairman of alliance capital , and the man who would get robert out of this life . all he had to do was sign the papers , and it would all be over . he would finally have time , and with it , accomplish something truly real and worthwhile . but , just as robert burrows finished that very thought , somewhere over the atlantic ocean , something went wrong . newline newline the gulfstream v descended rapidly in an almost vertical dive . robert was thrown against the back wall just as his pilot shouted ,  we  re going down , hold on !  as soon as the plane crashed into the water , robert  s world went black . newline newline ... newline newline robert woke up with a gasp . he screamed for help . soon after , his mother jane turned on the light in his room . robert looked around , confused . was he dead ? could he have survived the crash ? no , that would have been impossible , yet , here he was . but , just as he was trying to make sense of the crash , something else perplexed him even more . why was his mother there ? more importantly , why was he wearing dinosaur pajamas ? robert looked in the mirror , and was shocked by his reflection . he was a child ! no , that can  t be right . he was robert burrows , sixtyfour years old , chairman of burrows capital , and the most important player on wall street . that is the life he knew , and that  s all he could remember . newline newline robert  s mother hugged him close , trying to comfort her very confused and disoriented child . as jane burrows stroked her son  s head , steven burrows walked into the room . newline newline  are you alright ? what  s going on ?  steven asked his son . robert explained everything , from his college days at princeton to his knowledge of derivatives and other complex financial instruments . every aspect of robert  s life was recalled and recounted in vivid detail . after robert finished , steven laughed nervously .  you just had a bad dream , that  s it . i  m sure you  ll be fine in the morning , just try and go back to bed.  steven slipped a sleeping pill into a glass of water , handed it to robert , and watched him gulp it down thirstily . without another word , steven burrows left his wife and son in the room and went downstairs to his office . as he walked down the hall , steven could hear his son shouting at his mother ,  get my god damn assistant marcy over here . and get paul stanley on the line , i need to sort out this fucking mess ! don  t look at me like that , accomplish something , god dammit !  newline newline steven closed the heavy doors to his mahogany paneled office . the massive fire place still burned dimly and cast the room in a warm orange glow . he picked up the phone and dialed .  paul , it  s steve . cr379 works . yeah , he just explained to me what a fucking credit default swap is . he  s ten years old , incredible.  with that , steven burrows hung up the phone , got dressed , woke up his driver , john , and got in his car . paul stanley would meet him at the office . the two cofounders of alliance pharmaceuticals certainly had a lot to discuss . the phase 2 trial would be interesting indeed . charlie , i need you to look at this.  newline newline i absently ran my hand across my hair in an attempt to scratch to confusion away . newline newline a tall middleaged man rose from his seat . newline his plain shirt crumpled to show his poor sitting posture . the stubble on his cheek rustled as his nails scraped the barely there hair . newline newline who am i kidding ? ! newline newline we have stopped looking a day older than twentyfive after maturation . newline we are able to change the way we look with some cosmetic modifications , but our normal self was that of a quarterold human . newline newline charlie was one of the fashionforward freaks . this month , he wore a rugged , middleaged look , complemented with a pair of old denim jeans he bought at an auction last month . i heard it cost him quite a fortune . newline i did nt bother much about changing looks , the one we have is very practical and requires very little maintenance . besides , before our genetic alteration three centuries ago , everyone was obsessed about maintaining their youth with primitive medicine . some temporarily worked while others just disfigured them instantly . newline newline what keeps me unconvinced about this breakthrough aging process is that aside from being temporary and high maintenance , you never really look old , aged or  full of wisdom  as they called it . newline you know how it s like to look at twins ? you ca nt really tell the difference until you look close enough . then you can not unsee it . no amount of modification can . newline newline that  s how permanent we have become . newline newline i guess it  s that permanence that allowed our bodies to travel time . the inability of time coming or going to age or make younger our kind prevented us from dying during the trip . except it is highly illegal and is limited to historians and governmentrelated research for obvious reasons : repercussions in the future . we call these illegal travelers  sling  . newline newline  what now ?  charlie  s tone reminded me that work finishes in five minutes . newline newline how do we catch these illegal slings ? while we have achieved  eternal youth  , as our forefathers liked to call it , we are no longer able to do physical work for long periods of time . our only option ? begging for enough current period cash and winning the lottery . newline newline except , it is rigged . newline newline advanced mathematics have continuously proved that it is almost impossible to win the lottery by choosing random numbers . of course we let others win lesser prizes and occasionally lets a random bloke win to keep it believable . newline newline every now and then , a normal person wins by sheer dumb luck . this happens once every three million winsstatistically at least . it is our job to weed out those unlucky bastards and make sure they are not deported into the future . newline newline  in december 9 , 2017 , the  470 million lottery was won  i continued newline newline  bigger pots have been one in the past . remember that  590.5 million prize won in florida in may of 2013 ? we made ai clones to replace her existence after three weeks  charlie was fixing his  halftucked  shirt that he said was very hip in the past . newline newline  this is different , there are multiple winners  my tone unsure . newline newline  march 2012 , three chaps tried the  656 million prize . they are still in prison for illegally time traveling . just send the order to deport and send an ai of the sling so we can get it over with  newline newline  no . it  s not like that . there are more than three  newline newline i refreshed the data on my desk just to make sure i had the details correct before continuing newline newline  there are 10,487 winners.  i continued . newline newline  then have them all deported . send ai to cover their existence until they are wiped from history  charlie was unchanged , unaffected . newline newline  we do not have that capacity !  i snapped .  not without risking exposing our existence to modern society  newline newline i paused . newline newline  what about possible real winners ? it will be difficult to weed them out  it almost as a whisper . i shuddered to think how many innocents we could be condemning wrongfully . newline newline  why do you think our people would do this despite knowing the consequences ?  i continued newline newline charlie let out a sigh . newline  when you have everything , you do nt have much . without the idea of failure looming above your dreams , it makes it too easy and worthless . you no longer have to try , it loses its value . victory does nt mean much . life does nt mean much  newline newline he has a point . our generation has found no means to make mistakes and grow as they did in the past . newline newline to live in a chaotic period where people remember how to hope was better than all the luxuries we no longer enjoy . newline newline i reexamined the locations , the profiles of the winners who have claimed their prize .  44,817 was nt a very huge amount , but it would allow someone to start a life . newline newline a life requiring physical work . newline newline they were willing to redevelop their evolved body make up . newline newline i gasped . newline newline  we have been found out.  newline newline the shattering of ceramic almost made me jump my seat . newline newline  charlie ?  newline newline i was alone . newline newline the management is nt going to be happy about this . newline newline i took my things and prepared to follow the jump . newline death .  newline newline the echo of my own voice resonated in the ancient temple . i knew my way in there like countless other times . newline newline  xlompotl .  newline newline she did nt speak per se . her voice sounded like a mortuary blanket being dragged on the floor . newline newline i always felt fear near her . but i was getting used to it . i tried to be irreverent so many times , but i knew better then . newline newline  you know we will not be able to meet here many more times . people will eventually find this place and turn it into a museum or something worse .  newline newline  do nt waste time . recite .  newline newline i ve started my already old statement . i did nt change it for the last two centuries because she found it adequate . newline newline  the tzolkin was a chiccan and the day was set for the sacrifice of a hundred and fourty four virgins . the priests said the gods needed the sacrifice and we had to comply . the gods were deeply unsatisfied with us for a long time and that precipitated a multiplication of blood and gold taxes . i was a collector and xlitlac was offered as a payment by her family .  newline newline i was in a monotonous monologue , in my mandatory litany , but then something happened and i started to speak instead of reciting . i do nt know what i ve said exactly , but i ve started thinking aloud ... newline newline the time among the normal people was nt spent in a cage . i ve learnt much on my many lives and death attempts and was forced to come back again . i took advantage of my suffering and grew enormous fortunes that put myself in a powerful position . but every time is was done with the world and wanted to end it , i could nt . i was devoid of the power of controlling my own death . i was once a proud mayan executioner and then a slave . and then a fugitive and had to start over many times . but , in the end , when we re strip naked in front of her , we are nothing . newline newline  i took for granted what i did for a living .  i think i started .  i thought nothing of it . i was one more of the many killers for the mayan empire . we did nt even think of it as doing something wrong in the name of the empire . i thought nothing of it . newline newline days like those were exhausting . i had many more than i can even remember . some of them ... some of the offerings ... of the people , was numb by the fear . they were like porks after they just give up ... so tired . newline newline and that day i saw her in the line .  i remember i started sobbing when i recalled her face . i will never forget that face .  she was the gem of the sacrifice . the last one . we made the altar to be clean for her . after i saw her , i did nt feet tired and i should . i did nt knew she was yours . i felt she was something special . in retrospective , were not they all ?  newline newline we stood in silence for i do nt know how much time . newline newline  we were so wrong with our gods . they were just in their homes drinking and eating and feasting the control they had on their people . we knew nothing about absolutely nothing . so many lives . so many more after her . and she accepted her fate .  newline newline i do nt remember what i said afterwards because i was crying so much . i was washing myself inside with my tears . i was shaking when i finished and felt so ashamed of everything . newline newline and she ... she was gone .suddenly , a pulsating , buzzing sound filled the room . newline no one there seemed to react to it . newline newline i looked around . was i the only one hearing it ? newline until it dawned on me . newline i was nt really there . it was just a dream . newline i was lying in bed and the alarm clock was going off . newline my wife slowly turned around and moaned . newline time to get up , dear  , half awake . newline newline shit . if only i got to work on that sort of thing in real life . newline instead , i get to sit on some committee discussing how our shitty products could do more to screw over our customers . also , we had a meeting with nsa staff members in the afternoon . and then some interviews regarding those reputation manager positions , because of those reports that criticisms on reddit are nt being adequately supressed .  fuck . newline newline i never felt quite as tempted calling in sick as i did now .we walked down to the edge of the world  went there to take in the sights . but all that lay in front of us was dark and too true . we clung as one as we stood and asked why they jumped off the ledge . i had thought we would see a new world  one which was far more bright than earth . but no  no such luck . newline newline but there were eyes in the void . they stared right at us . they were as big as our heads , all round and green . they had flecks , the likes of which i had not seen on earth . the flecks were dark . they swirled . we did not think when we stepped past the edge . we were drawn to the eyes , their odd stare  half dead , they looked . newline newline and there we still are . we float in the void with the folk who fell for the eyes too . we try to swim through the air to the eyes but they still seem as far off as when we first came here . soon the whole of earth s folk will be here , i am sure . we try to warn those on the edge but the eyes get to them all .apparently , my grandfather was a noted adventurer . he had traveled through many worlds , freeing them from despots  rescuing kings and queens  romancing witches . he had quite the life . newline newline he died a couple of years ago , and his funeral was rather interesting . an eclectic bunch showed up from all over the cosmos to pay their respects . there were knights in armor , wizards in their robes , the whole nine yards . i almost looked out of place in my suit and sweater vest . when most of the gathering looks like the cast from an old school rpg , the grandson with the accounting degree becomes the outlier . newline newline things got stranger after the funeral , when the executor of the estate  who turned out to be some very powerful wizard from a planet in the andromeda galaxy  pulled me aside with what he deemed  an urgent inheritance .  i was intrigued to say the least . in his hotel room , i was informed of the large financial windfall coming my way . newline newline but there was a catch . i now had the responsibility to tend to my grandfather s pet : a small dragon . had it not been for his tail and long neck , he d have been no bigger than a toy poodle . the executorwizard explained to me that he was a dwarf species , and that the andromeda galaxy is swarming with very large dragons . he offered to show me around . i politely declined . newline newline my grandfather named the dragon drexel . apparently , they were tight . during our trip home , from my granfather s final resting place in upstate new york , to where i lived in northern california  for obvious reasons , we drove  , drexel was flat the fuck depressed . newline newline it took a couple of days for him to acknowledge my presence , or even eat . we were halfway back to california on i80 before he even showed interest in food . it was french fries . he started to warm up to me after i got him a large order of fries at a burger king . drexel really started to like me when we got back to california , and i gave him his first hamburger from innout . newline newline after that , we began to bond . i learned he could breathe fire , which came in handy for cookouts , and i even taught him how to shag golf balls for me at the driving range . we also went to a couple of raiders games together . a man with a dragon on his shoulder did not raise any eyebrows there . newline newline it would be about a year later that drexel and i found our true calling . newline newline i set up a hydroponics operation in a rural part of colorado . it surprised me how easily i raised the money , but i think when a lot of the potential investors saw drexel they decided to do whatever the hell the guy with the pet dragon asked of them . newline newline business has gone very well for the operation . drexel is now famous , as the mascot for the most successful legal marijuana growing operation in the country . newlinewhite sheets with crinkled edges sat on a bent cream background as slightly darker shades arose in the shape of shifting thumbprints . echoing footsteps sound from the hall , retreating and approaching , the muffled hymn of concern that permeates the wooden door at the end . inside the small , sterile cell , she waits for his word . clenched hands with white knuckles ignoring the dull ache . time passed by slowly for them both , as though the conversation was inevitable . the doorknob turned as a sweet voice , not that of the doctor , called through . a little white lie slipped from her tongue , meant to ease the worries that plagued her mind . she already knew . he sought the right words for the right time , grasping at everything , but finding no more than what he already held in his desperate hands . newline newline the world came to a halt , unwilling to move until the unavoidable had transpired . his coworkers pushed him from behind with chiding gazes that he felt , but never saw . a pale , clammy hand touched the metal knob before recoiling . his stomach churned as a cold sweat formed on the doctor s skin . she waited with baited breath , struggling to maintain her composure . the door opened with a creak as he stepped in . they spoke over one another . a hurried voice filled with worry and a quiet , deep voice that was tinged with dread . one apologized to the other as they offered each other the chance to speak . they took the opportunity at the same time once again . a nervous laugh did little to ease the tension in the room . the doctor cleared his throat before speaking . he would just make it up as he went . newline newline  ms.mrs ?  the doctor began shakily . newline newline  ms.  she answered . newline newline  ms . troyer , i have good news and bad news ,  he said with a tone that hid little of his melancholy .  which would you like first ?  newline newline  i  she said , as her mouth stood open for a time and no sound came out . it closed as she considered which of the two that she would truly prefer to have first . good news soured by the bad ? or bad news that distracted her from the good ?  just give it to me , doc . tell me the truth.  newline newline his eyes drifted downward , catching upon the back of a black bug that scurried between the cracks of the tile lining the floor . he envied that bug in this moment . the doctor thought of what he would give for the chance to escape this responsibility . delivering bad news was always difficult and it seemed as though it would never get better . he informed her that the condition that she was diagnosed with and had been treated for , for the past six months , was not what she had at all . what she had was several deficiencies and a condition less severe , but untreatable with modern medicine nonetheless . his heart broke as he watched the glimmer of hope in her eyes extinguished like fingers to a lit wick . quickly . soundly . the two remained in silence for a time , each with their own reasons , until they thanked one another and left . the doctor with his chart and the patient with a series of prescriptions . newline newline 263souls are bright . they reach to the sky , boundless in their ambition . some are full of warmth , and wish only to spread it . but , souls are ever changing . newline newline sometimes the light grows brighter . sometimes the light grows dim . the dark can reach in and plant a seed . the seed grows . it spreads the dark it was fed on . soon the soul is spreading its own seeds . thus the soul is declared fallen . newline newline humanity is dual in nature . as a seed is dark , another is bright . no soul is beyond redemption . no soul beyond corruption . duality is the true beauty of humanity . they can love and hate one person at the same time . they can rise to breathtaking heights , then fall into the deepest sea . they derive pleasure from pain . newline newline they can live while they re dead within . they can die and consider it living . newline newline  newline it s my first time writing something . any criticism is welcome . i feel like i was too pretentious or tryhard you done , friend ?  newline newline newline felder getterbolm is pretty impatient for an imaginary friend . i am starting to doubt the imaginary bit , and just warming up to the idea of calling him a friend , mostly because there is no one else . newline newline newline  you know it s my turn , and the tide has nt changed yet .  newline newline newline assuming the conversation was over , i settled back against the mildewy treasure that had washed up only a week before . once dried , this little cushion provided a little slice of comfort i had nt known for some time . i grinned stupidly and watched the clouds chase one another out to sea . what does a talking bird need with a pillow anyhow ? ca nt he perch himself on a branch and be content ? conceding his seeming intelligence , i have agreed to treat him as an equal , and so far , things have been cordial . of course , there has nt been much to quarrel about . i pick and open the fruit he can not , and he scoops up enough fish to share . the weather of our little paradise has been as temperate as that of our confederation , the occasional bluster rides in just in time to cool us just as the day gets too warm to bear . newline newline newline  i think you do nt want me to have it .  well , that sounds a little stormy . newline newline  you will have it when it is your turn , i assure you , my little friend .  newline newline  do nt patronize .  newline newline  i only meant to soften your words .  newline newline  speak straight to me , man . or has this cushion softened your head ?  newline newline  listen , bird , you are lucky that i do not eat you .  that was crossing a line . perhaps it will end this silly confrontation , and allow me to enjoy the rest of my time with the pillow . newline newline he snatched the pillow from under my head , and flew out over the lagoon . my head snapped back against a rock and i cried out in pain . newline newline  apologize .  he was hovering out over the water . newline newline  what will you do , if i do not ?  newline newline  i will fly to the other island , and take the pillow .  newline newline  other island ?  what the hell is he talking about ? i can see nothing in any direction and i have circled this entire pile of dirt dozens of times . newline newline  your dull human eyes ca nt see it , and your dull human brain never put together that i am 100  capable of leaving this place any time i want .  newline newline  what ? ! you could have helped me get home ! you could have gotten help !  newlineafter much debate we have decided to make landfall . this seemingly alien world is strangely familiar . infrastructure , structures made of steel and rock , dry aqueducts that once distributed water to a now dead citystate . it is difficult to imagine such a spectacle unfolding much differently on earth , the world we , humanity , once called home . newline newline we have been searching the cosmos searching for an explanation to the ageold question ,  are we alone in the universe ?  it can not be refuted that this question has now been answered . though the answers we seek were answered in a most unfortunate , and troubling manner . newline newline while the planet is dotted with many of these seemingly primitive cities , not a single biological life form has been detected by our systems . industry not dissimilar from our own is evident across the landscape  the heavily exploited surface leads us to conclude that the populace had completely exploited their natural resources . strangely , the products of which have been found to be missing aside from empty structures . newline newline we began searching for an answer to this troubling puzzle of achievement without result . upon closer inspection we came upon a subsurface structure hidden under the remains of a ruined city . the ambient surface radiation that pervaded the landscape spiked dramatically . within the depths of the alien construction we came upon the sum of all fears . we discovered a single object , not unlike the weapon that forced the exodus of our world . newline newline the object was a neutron bomb . suddenly , we realized that our nearextinction had claimed yet another semisentient race . it was with a heavy heart that we left yet another desolate world , cursing the invention that had ended the only other intelligence we humans had ever discovered .dear readers , newline newline on the occasion of pluto s reestablishment as a planet we have dedicated this month s issue entirely to it and its colorful history . newline newline on the following pages you will find an exclusive report on the new  methan snows  ski resort in plutos equatorial regions . also our journalists did not neglect plutos important role in culture and popular science , so the pieces  pluto the dog and the god  and  the diminishing of a planet  will shed light on this historic subject . furthermore you will find an expos on dr. jim fahrthing the elusive billionaire responsible for plutos surprising but much deserved reelevation to planetary status . newline newline it is my sincere belief that we should all take plutos moving story to heart and mind and let it stand as a role model for future generations . pluto s relatively short history was full of tragedy , from it s late discovery in 1930 , its foreboding name and the loss of it s status as the 9th planet in the solar system to the botched attempts of terra forming earlier in this century . newline none the less , pluto has not only rebound from these hardships but is currently the most popular skidestination in the universe settled by man even if that encompasses only our solar system so far . further more the tiny planet was also recently declared person of the year by times magazine , the first time a celestial body has received such honors . newline newline so let pluto guide us through any hard times life may throw at us , newline newline sincerest greetings newline newline tammio tammio newline editorinchief of national geographic magazine newline newline newlinedetective waters paced up the snowy gravel path , his hands locked behind his head , a look of frustration etched into his face . he looked around desperately , it had to be here , he knew it . every other painting they had followed so far had led them to a body , yet here he was , with no body in sight . his mind raced  think happy thoughts arthur , if you were bob where would you hide the body  . newline newline newline newline bob had a strange connection to the earth . he did nt see it as just a landscape , he saw it as a community , a gathering , a network of nonmoving being with feelings and thoughts and emotions . when he buried his victims he did it with a purpose . he wasnt just disposing of a body , he was giving them a new life in an interconnected world . giving a friend to the forest , or the river , or the mountains . newline newline newline newline art walked through the thick bushes , the same bushes he d walked through ten times today already . the was nothing there that told him a body was nearby . it was getting dark , he d have to come back tomorrow and bring a few extra pairs of eyes . newline newline as he made his way back down the path something caught his eye . off to his right there was a large clearing with a single lonely tree in the centre . as art approached the tree he pulled out his flashlight and inspected the bark on its trunk . two eyes and a mouth had been crudely yet delicately painted on to the tree , which now smiled back at the detective with a shaky yet terrifying grin . this was it . art paced around the tree and found a small sapling planted about 2 feet behind the first . the ground looked like it had been turned up in the last year or so , the grass had yet to reclaim the dirt . he had nt started digging yet but art knew for sure , this is where bob gave his happy little tree a friend . it s a boy !  newline newline laughter and excitement erupted in the operating room , as new life was brought into the world . doctors congratulated qihao , my wife , as my son was handed to her and felt the warmth of his mother for the very first time . newline newline the birth of my son , kwan joong , was bittersweet . the reckoning was coming for one of us , and , like all others , we prepared accordingly . births were a rare occurrence , and the few who decide to conceive were heralded as heroes . newline newline  owehhh , owehhh ! !  cried kwan . newline newline i knew the reckoning would be upon one of us soon . newline newline before today , being one of the few who decided to conceive felt like an honor . griefstricken , i held onto my wife like a piece of fecal matter stuck to an ass hair . newline newline  owehh ! ! ! ! owehhh ! ! !  i cried . newline newline i remember my wife had always wanted to roast marshmallows . it was customary for the doctors and nurses to leave the family alone in the operating room for 24 hours . i had to improvise , so i opened the biohazard bin and used the needles in there to put the marshmallows on . as we roasted the marshmallows , we reminisced about our life together . newline newline 23 hours had passed , and i was ready . all my anxiety and fear had vanquished , and beneath its ashes arose a valiant sense of pride and courage . i was saving the human race . newline newline at the final minute , i braced myself . i said goodbye to my wife , and closed my eyes . the clock was ticking , my heart was racing . newline newline i looked up at the clock , barely being able to make out the time with all the semen i had in my eyes from masturbating earlier . newline newline  5..4..3..2..1..  newline i closed my eyes . newline newline i heard a thud shortly after . i opened my eyes to see my wife still in front of me , and that it was actually the doctor that had fallen on the floor . my wife cheated on me with jesse huang . the hair of the dog  , the shimmering letters were engraved into the stone facade over a strangely not woodlooking wooden door i was pretty certain i had never seen before . i looked down at bella s cute vacant face and then back towards the door . it certainly did nt look like your typical vet s clinic but it was conveniently located right on the other side of the street  unlike dr. jones s which i would first have to take the bus three stops and then switch to the tube and then ... gah ! i m exhausted just thinking about it  . as a matter of fact did nt alex scold me yesterday for not trying new things ? i mean we are talking about some worms here . anybody should be able to do it if i really think about it . i grasped the door handle and tasted a slight minty flavour as i entered the shop . newline newline a thick blueish fog spread across the small room which was filled to the brim with containers and bottles of all sizes and shapes . at the very back of the shop a vat of floating eyes and a silvery bell stood on a tiny counter crammed between the shelves . i took a few uncertain step towards the counter and as soon as a rang the bell a tall woman in elegant clothing seemed to appear from thin air . a few moments of silence passed . newline  you look a little old for this to be your first time  , she sniped in a very nasal voice . newline  well , this is nt really my first time but we usually go to dr. jones s clinic  , i replied despite being really sure of what she was getting at . newline  just give me your arm please !  . a bit discombobulated by the strange smells and the increasingly cross shop assistant i reached out my arm . she immediately gasped at the sight of my rather ordinary arm . newline  no sign ? how is that possible ? and you can see me  , she fluctuated between whispering and shouting out loud . i was starting to become quite annoyed . newline  my eyes are perfectly fine miss ! it s my dog i want you to have a look at  , and with that i grabbed bella and put her on the counter . she was , of course , as oblivious as usual . the shop assistant looked a bit anxious : newline  you only want me to assess this creature and then you ll be on your way  . i answered with a slight nod and she smiled an uncertain smile . she started to prod the dog s belly lightly and continually looked back at me as to gauge my reaction . newline  yes , this is indeed an ogd !  , she suddenly exclaimed . newline  dog  , i corrected . newline  yes , yes ! a uniquely good dog !  . newline  and the worms ?  . newline  ah , yes ! the worms ! and you want to ...  , she started gesturing wildly with her hands . newline  get rid of them  , i answered almost starting to doubt myself . newline  of course ! we ll get rid of your worms in no time madame  , she excitedly told the rear end of bella . suddenly the shop assistant was at the top of an impossibly long ladder , balancing a jug of some kind of glowing liquid on her head whilst descending back down again . newline  drink this seventeen times a day for half a day and the worms should be gone in two to three weeks  . she was just about to hand me the jug when it suddenly hit me : the herbs , the musky smells and the strange assortment of animal body parts . newline  wait a minute ! i know whats going on here .  , the poor woman looked petrified . newline  this is nt one of those holistic , new agey , alternative medicinetype places , is it ?  . at first the shop assistant kept still but then she nodded slowly . newline  did alex put you up to this somehow ?  , she nodded again . newline  for crying out loud ! i m sorry she dragged you into this . i ll just pay for the medicine  and be out of here as soon as possible  . newline newline and so i stood there , back on the pavement , with a jug of glowing liquid in my left hand and bella s leash in the other . i could nt wait to give alex a piece of my mind . she knew i really could nt care less about chakras or qis and still she had to keep teasing me with it . but i forgot all about that when the strangely not woodlooking wooden door started to shrink until it was nt there anymore . newline newline5 years have gone by and i ve always wondered whether or not i should have ended war . wars seem to be quick advancers of technology , medical breakthroughs , transport tech , computing you name it . we still kill and fight for territory , for power for fun . but at least we can eat . newline newline i ended world hunger . not that we do nt still have the need to eat it s just that there is now food available to all who need it . you can starve your damn self but i ve gotten you the ability to eat . anorexics still exist and people can still balloon up to hundreds of pounds but we can all eat . newline newline the box was never a choice . it s always the choice of the curious and the foolhardy and not a day goes by that i wonder what the trap was . in every city and every village now there s a table that has food for the taking . some tried to control the tables but people quickly learned that as long as 100 people lived in an area , the tables would appear . newline newline the food is nt delicious . it s a spread of some sort of bread and a pitcher of water . you have to come to the table to eat . this has made for some strange occurrences . the transportation of food is now only for variety not necessity . some people live entirely off the tables . i myself prefer doritos . newline newline we can now wage war more quickly , and supply lines are now more about medicine and killing devices . strange that those are bedfellows . the problem with any wish is the price and it seems my price for hunger is war . newline newline everyone is aware of m.a.d . so it seems we have much more horrific small scale weapons . you do nt need agents of mass destruction when mines and bullets do the trick . we re destroying the land but it s not as big a deal since we do nt need to farm it any more . newline newline i solved one problem , i made the world a better place . i did my part . i keep trying to say that . but over and over i m made to realize that , if you are to be human you must continue to strive . you can not rest at a single problem solved no matter how big . it may be the most important thing you ve ever done but the work does nt stop there . there is more to do . newline newline maybe if i had ended war the hunger would have been the easier problem to solve . i thought i had  done my part  but it turns out i ca nt wash my hands of this . i just wish i knew where to start . you re eyes they re just so exquisite  kyle said softly as he gently grazed sarah s cheek . newline newline  you re hair , i ve never seen anything so vibrant  kyle continued as sarah said nothing and blushed . newline newline  oh there s that smile that makes my heart skip a beat .  kyle said with a smile as sarah smiled back at him . newline newline  everything about you , is just , just perfect .  kyle said as he took a deep breath . newline newline  and you re smell it s like heroin to my nose .  sarah continued to blush profusely as her face became a hot red . newline newline  there s nothing i want more in the world then you .  kyle exclaimed with pure joy . newline newline  i ve never loved anyone as much as you .  kyle said with a nervous chuckle . newline newline sarah looked up at kyle with joy as she signed  i love you back .  newline newline  uh baby can you move your hands ? i ca nt see my reflection .  kyle asked . newlinei say i was born this way , but that is a lie . newline newline i say that i was always meant to be , but that is also a lie . newline newline i sleep by day , and walk by night , and the moonlight keeps me fair , but that too is a lie . newline newline as i lie awake , i dream of being more than what i have achieved , but yet , that is also a lie . newline newline a world where truth disfigures and falsehoods improve you , is that world a lie ? newline newline i wish it were , because when everyone tells me that i am the most gorgeous in existence , that too , is a lie .i walk up to the smashed car window and look inside . newline newline  hello john  i say , in a dry monotone voice . newline newline  what ?  he replies . newline newline  we are in a time bubble and can communicate with each other while normal time is frozen . do nt try to understand it . just accept it . it ll all make sense soon  i state . newline newline  who are you ?  he asks . newline newline  i m here to give you closure . ask as many questions as you like . when you are ready , ask me my name and that will be your final question and answer  i reply . newline newline  ok what happened to me ?  he asks . newline newline  you just crashed . a large piece of shrapnel came through the window and into your chest  i reply . newline newline  what would my life have been like if i survived ?  he asks . newline newline  i do nt do hypotheticals or the future  i reply . newline newline  did i make a difference ?  he asks . newline newline  everyone makes a difference  i reply . newline newline  i m just about to die , right ?  he asks . newline newline  yeah  i reply . newline newline  is there anything after ?  he asks . newline newline  i do nt do the future  i reply . newline newline  what was the answer to that riddle i heard yesterday ?  he asks . newline newline  a human  i reply . newline newline  ok , i think i m ready . what s your name ?  he asks . newline newline  death  i reply . jarjar binks is a sith lord behind everything in the star wars universe .  cody said . his arms crossed , his eyes burning with that hatred i had identified as fan theory about to rear it s head . newline newline the ranting was strong with this one . newline newline  cody ,  i began gently .  we have to get ready for the wedding tomorrow  newline newline  nope . we are going to rewatch the entire series and i will prove to you that jarjar is behind it all !  newline newline  cody , no , we have to get up at six to catch the flight to utah ,  i argued . newline newline  wedding can wait . this may or may not break the internet .  cody grabbed his laptop off the table . he started typing at a frantic pace . newline newline i ran my hand through my hair , sighing as i leaned back against the couch . when cody had a plan , well , look out world . newline newline  and what are you doing now ?  i asked , resting my head on his shoulder . newline newline  preparing an army of zombie computers to attack disney and find the proof that i need .  cody muttered . newline newline my lips quirked as i watched him newline newline  i thought we were going to watch the movies ?  newline newline cody paused , his fingers stilling before he grabbed the remote and turned to netflix . moments later the infamous star wars scroll started creeping upwards . newline newline  okay , the computers are working , now we watch .  cody placed his laptop back on the coffee table and sat back on the couch . i wrapped an arm around his shoulders . as soon as the first scene appeared , cody started arguing the pros and cons about darth vader s appearance and whether or not he ordered his troops not to hit leia because she was his daughter . this then spilled into a potential discussion about the use of weapons in closed environments and how low the oxygen levels had to be so that the laser sparks did nt trigger a climatic event where the rooms caught on fire . newline newline i hummed . newline newline  i m surprised you did nt score higher on your iq test . you d have your pick of anyone , now you re stuck with me.  i joked . newline newline cody stilled . newline newline  in fact , i know you re smarter then most people .  i watched his face turn a brighter colour of pink . i frowned .  cody ?  newline newline cody swallowed , and glanced at me . newline newline  cody , what is it ?  i asked , sitting back . newline newline  i , um , i might have purposely failed my iq test .  cody mumbled . newline newline stunned , it took me a few minutes to gather my thoughts . newline newline  cody , why ? why would you do something like that ?  i said .  it was your chance to pass on your genes !  newline newline cody shrugged .  i would nt have you .  newline newline i blinked . newline newline  you failed your iq test so we would be together ?  i said . newline newline cody nodded . newline newline  but why ?  i asked .  why would you damage your chances of having kids ?  newline newline  because if i wanted to start a family i d want to start it with you , and it s illegal for a child to be raised by two dads , you know that . they d get taken to one of the smart tanks and all the other nerd camps and stuff . they d be raised like me . and besides , i ve had a crush on you since junior high .  cody blushed . newline newline i let that settle , let his reasoning sink in , and i shook my head . newline newline  is that why you do nt want to go to the wedding ?  newline newline cody nodded . newline newline i looked back at the screen and smiled . newline newline  just so you know ? han shot first .  newline newline cody s eyes grew wide . newline newline  and anakin had to rebalance the force because there were too many jedi s .  i added , grinning . newline newline  you fiend !  he gasped and i laughed .death didn  t have quite the same meaning anymore . sure , we cried and ate , remembered and then forgot , but the cost of it was gone . we all had a choice , and judy , chose the 11th of may . newline newline i sat crosslegged on the disturbed ground beneath her grave , and dragged my fingers through the moist grass that surrounded it . everyone else had left for the party , to drink , to dance , and remember her , but i remained , frozen by crippling grief . newline newline on my eight birthday , the two of us went to the public swimming pool . we had a race to see who would reach the water first , and judy being the scarily competitive one , stuck her foot out and tripped me just as i started to run . i flew and landed with a thump that knocked out all my air , but it was the smell of grass that caught me as my face slid past it . newline newline in my anger , i had linked that smell forever to her , and now as i sat there , prying the grass loose , it almost felt like she was present . newline newline that wasn  t her best moment , and there had been millions that made up for it . newline newline this is wrong .  forever was a long time to live without your better half , and after a century of unending friendship , it truly felt like my heart had been ripped right out of my chest , and buried right along with her . newline newline i picked up the note that her brother had passed me , and held onto if for a moment , staying in the brief , little moment of the unknown . there , where a moment still existed between usthe last one . newline newline i sniffed , and shook my head in an attempt to stop my tears . newline  newline hey idiot , newline newline i  m sorry that i didn  t tell you . i wanted to , and came close to , but i just thought that you would stop me . and if anyone in the world could , it would be you . newline newline i lived enough , loved enough , and i just want to see if there  s anything else out there than the pattern of everyday life . newline newline how many more times were we going to meet at that bar ? how many times were we going to see the same plot , of the same stories , spoken with different voices and different words , but at the end of a wasted hour , still saying and showing the same damn thing ? how many times was i going to walk into the same office ? it  s all so painfully repetitive . we should know , we tried it all . newline newline also , you  re probably wondering why you didn  t catch my sadness , and blaming yourself for not helping . you  re wrongas usualand i love you for it . i was not sad , depressed or alone . i  m just bored , kid . newline newline i just found myself standing at the very edge of yet another long road , and i wanted to stop . newline newline truth be told , i was waiting for you to kick it before me , but for some reason you  re way too persistent . kidding . i love your stupid face . newline newline i want you to be happythough , i assume for a while you won  t be . sorry ! and to remember me , and to one day come to be as content as i was with life and with death . newline newline p.s . you  re an ugly crier . so stop it already ! newline newline  newline newline  part 2  death meets judy   https : www.reddit.comralinakgcomments4ibiyuendingeternallifebysuicidedeathmeetsjudy  newline newline more stories here , ralinakgthe doctor walked in looking at his clipboard talking to the nurse following close behind .  this blood sample is unlike anything we ever seen . it s not human thats for sure .  newline newline just than a voice was heard from across the small room .  well no shit sherlock .  said a tall humanoid looking animal . he was covered in fur . looking just at his head it almost looked like he was part shark . other than that he was about eight feet tall with a long bushy tail with what looked to be feathers at the end . newline newline the doctor at this point ready to drop his clipboard not knowing if he should run or continue with his work . the obviously scared doctor asked the tall alien  wh..what are you  newline newline the alien responded ,  my name is riker i m from the planet tal in the vilous system .  newline newline  well a mr. riker i m dr. william cox and this is my nurse sara . if i may , what are you doing on this planet and how did you wind up here in this hospital ?  asked the still nervous doctor . newline newline myself and my caption was ordered to make first contact with your species . we spent months in orbit analyzing what would be the best way to let your species know that they were not alone . every idea we came up with would end in us getting shot or starting a war with my people . one of our best ideas that would end well in both our favors was for us to show up at a hospital needing medical help . we would inflect minor injuries on our self and request help at a local hospital . showing that we could be easily hurt and would accept help . hopefully gaining media attention and cementing a lasting peace . granted it was not the best idea or even a good idea . it most likely would have worked too . the one thing we did not count on was a drunk driver hitting us on our way to the hospital . newline newline dr. cox looking into nothingness clearing still trying to process what is happening looked up after a few minutes and said ,  well how the hell is the blood transplant for ?  newline newline not a clue . i assumed it was for my caption , but your reaction to me clear says is was not . maybe it was for the drunk that his us ?he was really sorry , all these lovely people just wanting to go home and enjoy their evening and he had chosen today of all days to end it . if only he could stop time , walk up to each one of them , apologise , inform them that life is beautiful and hold on to your loved ones . if he could do that , he d definitely spend some time with his supportive family and friends so that they would nt be so hurt when they found out later today what had happened . god.. his fiance ... what will she think ? newline newline a soft rumble began in the station from the approaching train and time did begin to slow down . every breath seemed fresh and full of life , almost as if he could breathe in deeply and hold onto what was about to end forever . the sick , hopelessness was still there , the pain behind the eyes that crushed the mind and obliterated all thought . he had died months ago and all the therapy and pills were like performing cpr on a patient in asystole . it maybe helped everyone around him cope , but he was long gone . newline newline the last straw had been considering children if he had somehow survived a few more years . how could he tell her that , although he yearned for children , to be a parent , to sing to them , to read fantasy books to lull them to sleep each night ... he could nt condemn his progeny to this disease . depression is very much genetic , and this monster knows no mercy . it d be cruel to bring a child into this world with such a monster hiding in the back of the mind , waiting to tear ones life down and poison every relationship you ve ever had . newline newline bright lights ahead , he stood for the final time . walking up to the yellow line with all the other people he felt terror . if only that terror was nt such a common feeling . damn you body , damn you mind . i m so sorry everyone . newline newline he stepped off the platform , regret slammed into him as he realised what a grand mistake he had made . the screams of the commuters carried him into darkness . the purpose of life is war . it has always been war and it always will be war . you ask a human what he thought about war fifty years ago and he might have said  war ? i wish all the violence would vanish one day .  ha . the humans of the past even created an afterlife of peace where no battles are fought and they all just walked on an eternal plane of nothing . the fools they were . we , the glorious confederate systems of junos , have created them . their creation was needed , as more shock troops were required to wage war against the grand order of tellova . the working class scum needed to be pushed back to the desolate planets they had come from . and i , dr. baron jullini , had been tasked with creating new species to throw at the grand order scum . after years of research into creating the perfect species , i believed i finally had the solution to our problem . newline newline  humanity was the perfect species i had created . a baby could be birthed , at max , in nine months and within eighteen to twentyone years could be ready to fight . they quickly populated and spread throughout the land . throughout their creation i wanted them to crave fighting , to not feel fulfilled without having to fight . i set up their little nations so they would have someone to fight while we prepared them for great battles ahead . honestly i just needed to put a spear in their hands and away they went , to go fulfill their purpose . i was even more excited when they began forming their own reasons to fight . wealth , religion , power , all very good reasons to fight and as such the little nations turned into kingdoms and then to full nation states fighting for their believed vision of existence . it was nt till the 8th stage of conditioning that i saw something remarkable . to the humans , the 8th stage was about a hundred year period what they would call the  twentieth century .  they began to wage war to form a stable planet so as not to destroy their own linage . even with the advent of nuclear weapons , they refused to use them to destroy each other . with that i decided they were about ready in the 9th stage of conditioning . self preservation is a very hard condition to form in any artificial species mind , especially one made for killing . newline newline  so , in the year 323 of the third war against the grand order , i had switched the gene that had been laying dormant for so long . all at once i could tell their blood lust was beginning to kick in . every man , women and child began to kill each other . if i had nt intervene the whole planet may have been reduced to nuclear sludge as planetary leaders began to launch their missiles . my arrival fortunately stopped the fighting , unfortunately they began to turn on me and the fleet . within in three hours they had brought a battleship down . within two years they had designed and built their own faster then light traveling battle craft . within five years they had found , engaged , and destroyed the iv scientific fleet.  newline newline as dr. baron jullini had finished the head tribunal wrote a quick note to himself and spoke newline  so , dr. jullini , you are admitting fault for the loss of the iv scientific fleet and for allowing these ... these.. humans to get their hands on technology not originally mandated to them ?  newline the light quickly went form the head tribunal back to jullini . newline  yes head tribunal .  newline  and you are also being accused of the complete slaughter of the colony heddon viii by the same animals that destroyed the fleet .  newline  i take full responsibility for the slaughter of heddon viii  newline  dr. jullini , by the laws set down by our ancestors you are accused of high treason . how do you plea ?  newline  guilty head tribunal .  newline  do you understand a guilty verdict warrants execution by beheading ?  newline  i do .  jullini looked the head tribunal in the eyes and declared  i d rather be dead then face the coming storm i have created .  newline newline newline edit : grammar , punctuation , and spellingshe walked down the street holding the jailbroken phone , scanning for the unusual uhf frequency . music blaring through her earphones as she drowned out the distractions before she found what she was looking for . she dressed like a muggle , wearing jeans , sneakers and a tshirt with tiny text written on it that read ,  nosy little fucker , are nt you ?  newline newline hey , guys ?  she spoke into the microphone . i think i ve figured out how our little edgy bastard s attacking other hackers with the imperio virus . he s using the 52hz whale !  newline newline and precisely , what the hell is that ?  styx asked . newline newline 52hz is the nickname given to this whale which had really fucked up vocal chords that were too low for other whales to hear ,  rabbit said . it wanders the oceans , alone , calling out to other whales to join him .  newline newline man , that was just fucking depressing ,  styx grumbled . newline newline it s also the nickname given to an nsa honeypot used as a recruitment tool ,  jade , the girl on the street , said . hackers would find some unusual shit on the net , they d get curious then the nsa would catch them .  work for us or go to jail  and shit .  newline newline so , dark lord is tricking muggles into accessing his system then using a computer virus to cast the imperius ?  rabbit asked . do nt try anything , jade .  newline newline too late ,  jade said . i already know where it is . if i figure out how the virus works can we turn his setup into a portkey ?  newline newline styx just gave a cruel laugh . yeah , drop him off in the middle of the auror s office ... or the atlantic ocean !  newline newline just do nt go ahab on this whale ,  rabbit warned . we ca nt have you fork over all your money before killing yourself like those other hackers .  newline newline the hackers got to work , using virtual machines to study any attack software on dl s system , deconstructing it and preparing their own version . jade made sure she was safe when she completed each step of the hunt for the whale . newline newline soon , she was on her last step . she had found the server for dark lord s 52hz and was ready to breach the network s wifi when the short , green goblin walked out in front of the bush . newline newline i need to get out more ,  he grumbled as he crouched down . these muggles will think i m a gangrenous dwarf .  newline newline why are you green , anyway ?  jade asked . normal goblins are the same color as humans .  newline newline fucked if i know ,  he shrugged as he pulled out an sd card . here s the portkey spell . i mean , i trust weasley and all but the ministry is too backwards to help us . he can only get a  misuse of muggle artifacts  charge ...  newline newline so we need to take him out ,  jade said as she took the card . so , you here for my safety ?  newline newline yeah , to slap you when you go under ,  styx said as he pulled out a bottle of firewhiskey . newline newline keep in mind i m an occlumens ,  jade reprimanded him . newline newline you going to upload that or what ?  newline newline just did ,  jade said as she looked around the system . he s about to find out who his latest victim is and ...  newline newline the sound of a large popping could be heard inside the building as the entire server rack , desktop and user were suddenly warped out of the building . and lo and behold ,  styx said with a smile . to be honest , i decided not to dump him into the ocean . i went somewhere weird like the nevada desert . come on , we re adding our own final step to 52hz  that way , we can possibly recruit hackers or troll them hard . feelings . newline newline such commonplace things , yet they constantly interfere with everyday life . people feel happy  they feel sad . they are angry  they are in love . every change brings a new approach . they either become more productive or less productive . they can either function socially or don  t get out of bed . it  s irrational chaos . newline newline take my sister for example . she was at my place , working on a project when she received a text from her male counterpart and suddenly burst into tears . she began sobbing all over the pillows i  d purchased a week before , her mascaras smearing onto the white fabric . i wanted to grab it . she was ruining it . but i couldn  t reach it among the wails . newline newline  was i not enough ? what does she have that i don  t ?  newline newline pointless questions  ones that would clearly never be answered . her reaction was ridiculous , completely irrational . newline newline pain , i understand . newline newline pain hurts . it is a neurological reaction telling the brain to stop what it  s doing or risk further damage . it makes sense . it  s logical . my sister was acting like someone was sawing her leg off . she couldn  t eat  she couldn  t sleep . for the next month she was stuck in an unproductive , irrational state . it was ridiculous . i didn  t get it . newline newline sometimes i wish i understood them . emotions , i mean . then i could see why people hate my work . i could understand why they riot and yell , why my mother quite talking to me and my extended family shuns me . they tell me i can  t do my experiments . that i shouldn  t use children , especially if they have life altering effects . they use words like  wrong  and  unethical.  newline newline i wish they could see the logic . one child suffers , yes . but their suffering has the potential to save thousands after it . prolonging the human race . isn  t that our purpose ? the reason for being here ? our species is meant to survive and i was only trying to help it . if they just understood . then , maybe they  d take me out of this place . maybe they  d let me live . newline newline but , alas , they  ve decided to terminate me . newline newline i  ve been deemed too unsafe for human life . i am a risk to others , as long as i live . it  s kind of ironic , the way they  re killing me with their intention being to prologue the human race . that was what i was trying to do . i guess they just didn  t approve of my methods . newline newline what a shame . newlinesadie sighed as merrill told her the news . newline newline  again ?  newline newline  again . i went to visit her throne room , and it was empty . will i be fired ? like the rest .  newline newline sadie had a vague idea what she meant . more than anything else , merrill would go missing , if her notes were to be believed . newline newline  you re fine , dear . let s just find the queen , and get everything back on the upandup , right ?  a loud boom echoed from a closet in the throne room . she did it again ,  thought sadie , frustrated . she turned to the queen s servant and motioned along . newline newline  well , that was thrilling !  shouted the teenage queen from the wardrobe .  oh , sadie , you wo nt believe what i saw this ti   she stopped talking as she looked at sadie and bentley . the old , male servant was the first to speak . newline newline  oh , thank goodness ! i was worried we really lost you this time ! are you done with your games ?  bentley said . he smiled as he caught sadie s eye . the queen sighed . newline newline  well , this wo nt do ,  she stated as she entered the wardrobe again . a zapping sound echoed in the chambers . newline newline  where d she go ?  bentley asked . newline newline  i have nt the slightest clue . i just know she promised to stop doing this . she knows how dangerous it can be .  she turned to merrill .  it s meddling with a force of nature that should nt be meddled with .  newline newline another sound . newline newline  well , she s back . maybe we can destroy the damned thing before she leaves again ,  merrill said with all sincerity . newline newline the queen emerged and smiled brightly at merrill .  well , there we go ! all fixed , and  oh dammit !  newline newline merrill and azaelia seized the diminutive queen . azaelia had the advantage of being much taller . she held her close while merrill attacked the wardrobe . newline newline  no ! i need to fix things still !  the queen shouted . newline newline  i am sorry for this , my lady . we can not play with this dark magic anymore .  newline newline the wardrobe collapsed after a few blows from an ax merrill found in a side room of the chambers . the queen sighed in frustration .ash awoke to yet another peaceful day in his kush forest . newline newline caterpies crawled through tall grass , butterfrees and beedrills spiraled across the sky , and a crowd of pidgeys bathed in the sun atop green trees . ash could even make out the sounds of metapods butting heads . newline newline eventually ash made his way towards the center of the forest . there would probably still be nothing adverse to take care of , so ash decided today he would touch up the trails he blazed just a few years ago . perhaps he would have time to plant some new berry plants where the wild pokemon could find them  pikachu would love zapping out the weeds once he returned from the pokecenter . newline newline he and pikachu had truly come to love their land . it had started out quite barren , but with the help of numerous pokemon  mostly butterfrees and dugtrios  , the forest was budding in no time . his oldest friend brock even combined and copyrighted his name to make kush forest official . newline newline after winning every single contest imaginable in his youth , ash had had plenty of money to buy his own forest . he had obtained every gym badge , won every beauty contest , dominated every rival , and even stamped out team rocket , resulting in tons of money he did nt need . every accomplishment resulted in further perfecting his breeding and battling strategies , but eventually he had nothing else to prove , nothing else to win . newline newline it had taken some time for ash to realize these accomplishments are not normal , that he himself is a rare breed , that his acute knowledge and connection with pokemon could not be let to waste battling others . newline newline and so , ash dedicated his life to advancement . he constantly collected data to improve science and technology while improving the lives of pokemon and trainers alike . and of course , he cared for his own forest and all the pokemon he had released into it . newline newline as ash timed and studied the bright , squishy caterpies crossing his path , he could nt help but smile . he knew the joy he felt was rare , but he had worked hard for it . as his friend mewtew once said ,  it is what you do with the gift of life that determines who you are . here comes lad , jabbing his walking stick into the mountainside every other step . his loyal companion trails close behind wanting shoes . the scene is chilling . a titanic stone valley shoots alarmingly fast into a crevice without life . newline newline lad sees the mourning sun cast pink  it grieves over the hero . newline newline at least , everybody assumes it s a hero . or was . adding a certain atmosphere to the valley is a skeleton , which would be titanic but that word has already been spent on the mountains . it s far more impressive than those craggy peaks , for bones are normally smaller . newline newline a hundred lads could fit in the eye socket . newline newline faced with the immense remains of a notsoforgotten warrior  he s part of the local religion  , lad can only wonder one thing . newline newline how could he  she ?  even walk in the wedgeshaped valley with a floor wide as its foot ? newline newline anyway , lad looks at the sword in the stone . the mountain did nt deserve it . legend holds : whoever can retrieve the sword will wield ultimate power , but something about the sword s size says it s not required for said power . newline newline well , on with the morning hike , then . newline newline newline newline oh come on ,  the old bat wo nt even notice !  newline newline the teapot swivels its spout again in what you assume must be a pleading gesture . you shake your head . newline newline  she s eighty and you were the last gift her daughter ever gave her . i m not taking you .  newline newline it shuffles its little ceramic base poutingly . newline newline  she can barely even see to dust me anymore ! and just last year her doctor told her to give up the tea completely because it interacts with her blood pressure drugs . so i m sitting here useless ! at least if you take and fence me , i might wind up sold to a tea drinker , or a collector who gives a damn .  newline newline the canehandled umbrella in the rusty bucket by the door stomps disapprovingly . newline newline  watch your language sir ! i ll not have you speak this way in the lady s home !  newline newline he sounds amusingly posh  if he were human , he d have a monocle , you decide . the teapot wags his handle at the umbrella with an arrogant gesture . newline newline  boil me , you mildewy    newline newline   enough .   newline newline both objects rattle to attention . in the cupboard , a small saucer whines and snuggles closer to her mother . newline newline  look , you re a great teapot i m sure . charming personality , you boil easily every time , yadda , yadda , yadda . but you re also the last good memory this old woman has left . i m not bringing you with me . her will says after she s gone her things are up for an estate sale . i ll come back for you then . but not until then , okay ?  newline newline his little glazed lid clinks up and down in a discontent agreement . newline newline  fine . take someone else . see if i care !  newline newline you pat his little rounded back . newline newline  spout up . she s frail so i might see you again sooner rather than later .  newline newline you wander over to the cupboard  a few of those china patterns look to be rare ones  you have it on good authority that the big shiny platter now turning his painted surface back and forth in the light , was discontinued in the forties and is now highly soughtafter . he could fetch you a decent sum at auction . newline newline but only if he feels like coming with you ... quite frankly i do nt really see the problem here ,  kate said , casually bouncing an energy ball of off the classroom wall .  did nt we essentially just stop the crimes before they even happened ? sounds pretty heroic to me .  newline newline pinching the bridge of his nose , iris attempted to control her breathing before answering .  that s not how this shit works kate , now some european heroes will have to work overtime while we sit on our asses and do nothing .  newline newline  so ?  kate answered , her eyes fixed on the bright blue orb as it completed the same motion for the hundredth time .  if those guys are as good as we are the villains will eventually move on to the next place . given enough time we could even see them come back here at one point .  newline newline  but we re fucking heroes kate !  iris shouted as the blue orb bounced off a now distorted wall before rolling up the ceiling .  without villains to fight , we ll just be underperforming high school students who meet up to talk about nonexistent threats .  newline newline  hey ,  kate said sternly , pointing her finger straight at iris  i ll have you know my grades are slightly above average .  newline newline  mine too !  khalid shouted from behind her , raising his hand . newline newline grinding her teeth together , iris shot him a cold stare that sent his hand down to his side again .  my point is that we should be out there helping people , not worrying about unimportant shit like our grades .  newline newline  last time i checked ,  iris responded  out there  , is in fucking europe . i mean , we re all broke as shit , so unless you conjure up some flight money we re shit outta luck .  newline newline  we have lenny ,  iris said , hitting the desk hard with her fist . newline newline appearing next to iris , lenny shimmered heavily as he was stroking his chin .  just tried it , ca nt get across the atlantic . besides , even if i could , i d have to go alone .  disappearing for a moment , he quickly returned looking a lot more physically present . i d also like to add that grades are far from unimportant . now is the time to start thinking about your future iris .  newline newline  thank you !  kate said , leaning back even further with her chair . looking at iris she took on a more sympathetic tone  look , i m down to be a team of superheroes and all that , but there is only so far we can go out of our way to help people . i know you understand that .  newline newline raising her arm to protest , she looked them in the eyes and slumped onto the desk instead . her voice was soft and muffled when she spoke . newline newline  i just really wanted us to be heroes together .  newline newline placing a partially insubstantial hand on her shoulder , lenny smiled sadly as he looked around the room .  this room is proof of what we are , cast together to combat the evils of this world we built it into a home . a lack of opposition will not take that away from us .  newline newline  we do nt need tp save the world in order to come here ,  kate said , smiling  we can think of other ways to pass the time , right khalid ?  newline newline  i have a few ideas .  he said tentatively newline newline  see ? hours of fun to be had .  she said , smiling newline newline the ringing bell signaled the end of lunch break and the start of another class . newline newline  see you tomorrow iris !  kate said , slapping her on the back before running to catch up with khalid who was already at the door .  newline newline  so what do you wan na do today ?  newline newline  wel i was thinking  we could go to   newline newline and they were gone , leaving iris alone laying down on a desk in an empty classroom . the clock on the wall was so loud . she opened her eyes . a blue orb dropped onto the desk with a thud . newline newline newlineit was the kind of rainy , cold day that evokes a sigh when you look outside your window . it was the kind of dreary day that , somehow without fail , ensures everything you had planned today would take place outside . inevitably you d have to take that deep sigh and carry on as if the grayness outside had no affect on your spirit . inevitably , you d step outside and discover a deceptively deep puddle with your new shoes . newline newline dave was no stranger to dreary days . he lived in england , after all . in fact , this was probably one of the nicest drearytype days he had experienced in weeks . is that a sign of the sun behind that cloud ?  it is now !  , he would think to himself cheerfully . dave was in excellent spirits when he stepped off his front steps , trash bag in hand . he then cheerfully proceeded to get hit by a car . newline newline the motorist , of course , barely felt a thud . well , the thud was actually quite loud and the blood on the windshield was also quite notable . the motorist grumbled and activated the wipers . dreary days like this have a habit of making people think that if there was a worst thing  than that worse thing would happen . fortunately , the motorist was an experienced drearydaydriver and immediately decided that the worst did nt actually happen and carried on with his day . newline newline dave stood awkwardly on the cloud , trash bag still in hand . he cleared his throat in the way a person clears their throat politely when someone has accidentally moved into your way in a store . nothing changed . he looked up into the blue sky , squinting at the sun for a moment . he glimpsed at the clouds in the distance . finally , he looked down at the cloud he was standing on . yep , that s a cloud ... he put down the trash bag he was holding experimentally . it sunk into the cloud , as trash bags tend to do when placed onto clouds . he dipped it into the cloud a few times , sort of like a teabag . he then dropped it and the bag was gone . he stared curiously down into the semisolidbutnotfortrashbags cloud for a few moments . newline newline dave heard someone nearby clear their throat in the same polite manner that he had . he turned around slowly to find what looked like a cross between a theater ticket booth and a hotel checkin counter . behind it sat a boring looking man , with a boring looking suit , and an equally boring haircut . very official looking ! newline newline the man made eye contact with dave for just a moment before looking down and pulling out some paperwork and shouting ,  next !  newline newline dave stepped forward cautiously . the cloud held . he walked up to the desk , held up a finger politely , and opened his mouth to speak . newline newline  ah , yes i   , he tried to say before the man cut him off in a surprisingly polite manner . newline newline  dave , uh ...  , the man flipped a few pages in the dossier in front of him ,  dave smith ? 501 willow boulevard ?  newline newline dave nodded happily ,  yes , ah , i appear to be lost . how do i get back there fr   he was cut off again . newline newline  alright , sir . any last will ?  newline newline  a will ?  , he asked . newline newline the man replied dully ,  a will .  newline newline  but , i m as fit as a fiddle . why would i need a   cut off . newline newline the man made a mark on the paperwork and said to himself ,  that s a no ...  more loudly , the next question .  any relatives ?  newline newline dave thought for a moment ,  no , not really .  newline newline  friends ? anyone live with you ? anything like that ?  newline newline  ah , why yes ! my cat , mr . meowasaki .  newline newline the man cleared his throat in the way that officialtypes do instead of laughing at a bad joke .  and what is mr ... meowasaki s income ?  newline newline  well ,  dave felt strangely embarrassed ,  well , he s a cat . he has no income .  newline newline the suited man made one last mark on the paperwork before handing it to dave to sign . after dave signed it , he closed the heavy folder .  alright . standard package for you then . please step through the left door . newline newline he suddenly noticed the two doors , and a massive golden wall too , behind this kiosky desk . he looked at the left door . then the right . the left door was wooden , rectangular , golden knob . overall very doorlike . the right door on the other hand , not so much . it was a shimmering golden thing , almost liquid . the light that shone from between the cracks was bright and strangely wholesome . interestingly , the light look like it tasted like a hearty chicken soup . delicious . newline newline dave looked back at the other door and spoke ,  and ... if i may be so brash , mr ... uh .  newline newline  peter .  newline newline he continued ,  mr. peter ... what is behind these doors ?  newline newline the man suddenly realized that dave had no clue what was going on here . he sighed loudly and rubbed the bridge of his nose .  you re dead , mr. smith . left door : standard package . right door : premium . did nt you read the contract ?  newline newline  the ... contract ?  newline newline  the contract , mr . smith .  newline newline  what did it say ?  , dave asked innocently . newline newline the man sighed again . he was starting to run out of sighs . he opened the folder , turned a few pages , then cleared his throat as people tend to do before reading . newline newline  i , the signer  that s you  , hereby subscribe to the economy heaven package . this package grants the signer the ability to enter the afterlife . while in the afterlife the signer is able to experience life as  s  he sees fit with the following limitations : newline newline 1  no magical powers . newline newline 2  limited customization space   a standard apartment , basically  newline newline 3  biological functions remain in place . newline newline 4  able to share a maximum of 300 words per day with other users . newline newline  you get the idea . it goes on like that ... standard stuff , really dave . oh , and you can disable the ads whenever you want by subscribing to the premium package .  newline newline dave cleared his throat ,  the ads ?  newline newline  ah , yes . since you re an economy user , nonpaying , you ll be required to watch at least 360 minutes of our paid advertisements per day to continue service . also , if you subscribe you gain all the features of a premium user immediately .  newline newline  and what is it that a premium user can do ?  newline newline  dave , i do nt really have the time to explain it all . basically ... everything . you ll see some ads for it inside . enjoy your stay .  newline newline the man , desk and all , started to slowly fade away . newline newline  wwait !  dave shouted .  how do i subscribe to the premium service ?  newline newline the man , still fading , smiled .  recruitafriend program , of course . once a year we ll pick a random economy user to don the robes  for 30 minutes .  newline newline  ddon the robes ? what does that even mean ?  newline newline the man laughed , he was nearly ethereal now , his voice barely heard ,  the reaper , dave ...  newline newline dave stood alone on the cloud . the desk , the man , the beautiful golden door was gone . he started walking slowly to the left door missing dreary days .i flipped a coin , that s it . no voodoo , no witchcraft , no number crunching . i just flipped a coin ! newline newline my buddy found it funny that i had gotten out of the round of 64 with a perfect bracket , though that was pretty easy to do . round of 32 he just shook his head and admitted that everyone gets lucky once in a while . the  sweet 16  came and went with me still batting a thousand and people started asking me what i did . newline newline things picked up about a day before the  elite 8  as enough of my small hometown had begun discussing my so far perfect bracket . i ll admit it was cool being in the top 5  of people in the country that made it so far without a miss . a local reporter came and asked for my secret and i was honest saying it was coinflips but he did nt buy it so i made up some bullshit about studying a few teams here and there . newline newline during the time between the end of the  elite 8  games and the beginning of the  final four  i had fox news parked in my driveway and grill me while i was just trying to get to my car . once i made it past those hounds i heard my name all over the espn radio talking about how i was now the 1  who had nt incorrectly guessed a game . my cell blew up with phone calls of analysts from everywhere asking me who was giving me tips or how i managed to have accomplished what i ve done with what they call  minimal work  . i told them all the same thing  a lucky sequence of coin flips . they did nt find the truth funny and later that night i was watching sports center when they ran a piece on how i must be cheating and writing code or some shit . newline newline i think that s what got to me more than anything . those damn hosts calling me a liar and a cheat on national television . they soon upped their game after i came away with a spotless bracket post final four . i could nt move from my home . i called into work and said i was sick just so i did nt have to go outside and listen to those vultures criticize me for somehow hacking the system . newline newline i did nt sleep a wink the night of the national championship . how could i with lights blaring into my window as everyone and their mother tried to see my  ritual  for getting ready for bed . i even noticed more of my type of car being driven around as though people thought my luck would rub off on them sometime in the future due to what they drove . newline newline my phone rang constantly that i had to turn it off . bad move there . i could hear the reporters saying that i had refused to talk out of fear that they d catch me cheating the system . again with the cheating , i could probably sue all of them for defamation of character  when this is all said and done . newline newline i did get some restless sleep finally and in the morning i woke up , turned on my phone , and found fiftyfive voice mails . all from angry parents saying that i should  take my bracket offline because it s hurting the morale  of their precious child who played for the team i did nt pick and if  they lose this it ll be my fault  and they  hope i can live with myself  for denying their superstar kid the chance at playing in the nba . newline newline each voicemail was the same . either praising me for picking  soandso  or chastising me for ruining a kids future and leaving them hopeless . all day this went on . i was nt looking forward to tonight . someone will win and someone will lose and either way i ll catch the shitty end of the media stick . newline newline i ll tell you one thing though , the people who say its better to be lucky than good  are full of crap . luck sucks . trigger warning !  newline newline shadows twisted against the walls , where the paper curled and the ceiling was yellowed . the screams were strangled and rattling against the cage of each chest . a girl screamed as she fell to the ground , hitting her head against the thin carpet and through to the floor . the man above her aimed a kick at her spine . she twisted in agony , begging for help . tears and mucus trailed down her face , her lips trembled . newline newline  stop.  newline newline the man stopped abruptly . she , seeking an opportunity , pushed herself up on her hands and knees . he noticed and struck her in the abdomen . she shrieked , feeling warmth trickle down her legs . newline newline  i said stop.  newline newline the haggard voice escaped the hero , his body hunched over . his hair was strongly and untamed , his hands trembling . flickering spots of green danced at his fingertips .  let go of the girl.  newline newline  why should i ?  the man asked , bending down .  she  s young , impressionable , sweet . why i could make her into a looker four year  s time . how old will she be ?  a grin crept across his face .  do nt worry . she ll just do some work for us . we wo nt even touch her .  newline newline the green strings of electricity leapt off his fingers , scrambling for the man . they lost strength halfway and dropped the the floor , writing before evaporating . the hero began to pant with the effort , his vision escaping him . he licked his lips , taking a heavy step forwards . the floorboards precariously rattled . newline newline  i said let her go . i  ll attack.  newline newline  you can barely see me you fucker.  newline newline  i can  he rose , taking the vertigo as if it was a minor set back , and focusing his gaze . he raised his hand , focused his energy . the man didn  t budge . he grabbed the girl  s neck . the girl gazed up at the hero dully . newline newline  i  ll attack !  the hero began to bellow , curling his hand into a fist . he approached the man , shuffling forwards , and slugged him in the head . the man didn  t move . he watched as the fist swept by his head . newline newline  what was it ? acid ?  the man laughed , pushing the girl away .  i can push you over so easily you  ll fear you  ll snap . like a twig.  newline newline  how long did it take you to make that up ?  the hero said , regaining his boundaries . newline newline he stared at the girl . his gaze slipped off her eyes , to the floor , then focused back again . she was staring at him meekly , her lips twisted . blood trickled from her left nostril . something in her features brought him a sharp stab of pain . newline newline  go.  the man said leisurely , playing with the golden curls that twisted around his ear .  when did you fuck up ? sixteen years ago ? a dumb mistake and you get so weak . it  s pathetic.  newline newline the man  s newly gained body weight pressed against the blue and green suit , moving with every laboured breath he took . his eyes , beneath the fabric , squinted . they were stained red .  sixteen ?  newline newline  you heard him.  the girl spoke up .  it  s okay . you can go , daddy . i am chris . my parents left me at the age of six . i was sent to live with my crazy aunt . just last year these people found me and gathered me up with three other kids . they were about the same age as me , 12 . they put us in the back of a trailer and drove us to a headquarters . we were trained to be search and rescue dog handlers . since the world is horrible now , they were taking in kids our age to learn how to search , rescue , and fight . newline newline a week ago we were sent to go to vermont for a month . there were reports of mass murders in the town of wilmington . of course , my friend shane was way too scared to go . he s been scared everything since we started training . newline newline my group and i are eating breakfast in our room in our hotel . newline newline  cmon shane , stop being so scared ,  kristie says . newline newline  i m sorry ,  he starts off ,  what if a murderer sees us and tries to kill us ?  newline newline as i put my bowl in the sink i say ,  then we can get our dogs to kill them . that easy .  newline kristie shakes her head slowly and goes into the bathroom to get ready for the day . shane , ashton , and i feed the dogs and take out our clothes . after everybody gets dressed , we head out the hotel with our dogs and start walking towards mount snow . newline newline the sky is awfully cloudy , and some snowflakes fall here and there . the road is blocked off with cones , keeping traffic out . cops are scattered everywhere : checking buildings , talking to residents , you name it . newline newline my group and i stop and look around . nothing seems that suspicious . a few residents glare at us , but we ignore it . after a few minutes , we continue walking . newline newline we start to get closer to the mountain . shane and i are talking about what will happen when we come back from vermont . as i m distracted from my surroundings , i hear my dog making funny noises . i look at him and ask ,  what , stussy ?  newline newline the other dogs start making weird noises , too . then mine starts barking uncontrollably . he lurches forward , so i have to restrain him . my face scrunches up as i struggle to keep this shepherd back .  stop !  i struggle to say . newline newline stussy calms down a little , but continues to bark her ass off . i look back to see ashton , kristie and shane . their dogs are also acting wild . newline  what s going on ?  i manage to say . newline newline ashton grunts and says ,  i do nt know !  newline newline shane decides to let his dog go , and he runs down the street . we start chasing after it , thinking he will bring us somewhere . the dog stops and waits for us to come down , and then he makes a sharp left turn into the woods . we still follow him , almost out of breath . the dogs stop barking , and they all look straight ahead . newline newline  wwhat ?  i say out of breath . newline newline stussy barks some more , then whines and tugs on his leash . i unlatch the dogs  leashes and the eight of us stand there staring into the dark woods . obviously the dogs can see something we ca nt . if only they could speak english . newline newline in the midst of us breathing heavily , we hear a stick snap in half . shane jumps and says quietly ,  can we go home ?  newline newline  no ,  i say .  we ca nt .  newline newline  but why ?  he complains . newline newline all of a sudden another stick snaps , and stussy goes crazy . he starts barking and sprints deeper into the woods . newline newline i scream and we chase after him . my bullet proof vest weighs me down , so i struggle to run through the thick snow and leaves in the woods . more sticks start snapping . shane screams and cries . newline newline  it s okay !  kristie yells at shane . newline newline right after she yelled that , i hear a thump and she falls to the ground . i stop dead in my tracks and tell shane and ashton to go on without me . they nod and run off . quietly , i walk over to kristie . i bend down and ask softly ,  are you okay ?  newline newline  no ...  she whimpers . newline newline  what happened ?  newline newline  something got me right in the side of me ,  she explains .  i realized i forgot to put on my vest .  newline newline i look at the side of her body . a large gash is clearly visible . blood rushes out of it , creating a red pool next to her . newline newline there was a moment of silence . and then i hold her hand and say ,  you ll be living a better life in heaven .  newline newline a smile manages to appear on her face , and then her eyes slowly close . she takes her last breath and dies in my hands . a frozen tear falls down my face , and then i stand up and look out into the woods . newline newline ... newline newline sorry for twisting the prompt a bit . i did not make them volunteers or on  vacation ,  even though they were still search and rescue dog handlers and went to work in vermont . newline newline edit : formatting issuesthe fall leaves rustled in the wind through the crowd of children . one stray leaf found itself separated form the rest as it rose into the sky , only to land on the top of a monkey bar . as it lay there a great hand came swooping from below , forcing the lone leaf to curl around the bar . as the child let the other monkey bar go he fell flat to his bum . the leave proved to slippery of a surface for him to continue his long trek across the bars . newline newline the child began to cry and the lone leaf could not help but feel responsible . of course it was nt the leaf s fault , it can not control the whims of the wind . the leaf , still stuck in the child s hands , could feel the child s pain through his tight grip . angry at the leaf the child throws the leaf to the ground and continues his plea for help . finally one of the teachers rushes over , stomping on the leaf in her wake , over the child . the man picked up the child and began to carry him to the nurse , leaving the leaf alone on the playground . the leaf tried ever so hard to follow the teacher and child , but was swooped away by the wind . newline newline the leaf was then circling the playground , confused as to why the wind was choosing the playground as it s focal point . but the leaf is not aware of the wind s motives , simply of it s actions . soon enough the leaf found itself rushed to the ground just in front of a small girl . the girl ran right at the leaf , suddenly falling . again the leaf proved to be a rather slippery surface , this time for a shoe rather than a hand though . suddenly the leaf felt the same sense of guilt as it had before . newline newline the girl , much like the boy , began to cry . she paid much less attention to the leaf however , focusing solely on her pain . it seems that teachers care much more for the cries of a young girl than a boy , for they came within seconds of the shriek . an older lady came by to pick the girl up and follow the same route as the teacher before her . when the girl was safely in the nurses office , the wind picked the leaf up yet again for another few circles around the playground . newline newline the wind apparently decided it was now bored of this playground and moved it s focal point east into the forest . however the speed was picking up . apparently the wind was not in a good mood as it only blows this fast when something is about to happen . as the wind picks up , the leaf begins to circle a tree in the forest with such velocity that it manages to cut a small twig off the tree . suddenly the leaf realizes the wind is continually picking up more than just speed . there are not branches , rocks and other assorted foliage flailing about in the wind . newline newline suddenly , as if at a breaking point , the wind begins to move it s focal point . along the way picking up a newspaper . the date was october 29th , 1940 , and the headline read  massive spike in tornado activity  and suddenly the leaf could understand what was happening . the focal point soon neared the playground . the sound of the wind howling across the monkey bars . the children tried to run inside , but none could get past the barrage of sticks and stones . newline newline after the wind had it s tantrum through the playground and picnic area , it calmed down . the wind stopped rushing and completely disappeared in an instant . the leaf fell to the ground just as a door flew open to reveal the teacher , woman and two kids . they just looked outside stunned at the massacre . the leaf suddenly felt a sense of pride instead of guilt . for the boy no longer felt a pain on his bum , and the girl no longer felt a pain in her twisted ankle . newline  newline newline i do nt write very often and i hope you guys like it . i am sorry if it seems scattered , i know i can do that sometimes . maybe i will work on this again tomorrow and have an update for you !the son , now that s where all my problems came from . incorruptible , a shining beacon for all mankind . not like the first one , now he was a laugh those 40 days in the desert with him were a lot more interesting than he liked to let on . part of a clause me and him worked up was to keep it all quiet , what can i say like all kids he wanted a bit of rebellion and to be fair who would blame him . after being given the sole born job to live and die for mankind s sins without tasting any himself seemed like a bit of a raw deal . however unfortunately like all of the greatest things the silence contract was only temporary and he in all his omnipotence realized that his sons death due to his 40 day bender were all for naught . so he sent the 2nd coming and with a more stern eye ensured the job was done right this time , after that people just stopped coming down here . it s starting to get a bit quiet down here now , hopefully the apocalypse will be soon at least then i can stretch my wings a bit . newlinethe man groaned as he struggled to see the fading but brilliantly illuminated figure before him through his bloody eyes . everything was still a blur . he was laying on the floor , he certainly knew that . his leg was in pain , maybe his fibula was broken , but he was nt focused on that . newline newline on the other side of the room , the figure was reaching out for him through a mirror , making a hideous screeching as the glow from its flesh faded even more . what was once a fantastic light through his faded eyes was now no more than a dim shine . he closed his eyes and reached back into his mind , everything still a blur . newline newline  newline newline less than a half hour prior he had finally reached what was to be the most epic moment in human history : actualizing god . the walls of his dim , one room house were covered in notes and he could nt help but pace it allowing his eyes to drift through each one . newline newline  this is it ,  his musky , underused voice said as he turned away from the faded barrier of notes and to a particularly interesting mirror , riddled with mechanics . he stepped over and began adjusting several pieces of tubing and other bizarre facets . he took a look into its surface . it was black , but still reflective enough that he could see himself in it . newline newline  this is it ,  he said again and walked over to a lever attached to the wall . he pulled it . newline newline electricity and light poured from the seemingly useless device less than three meters from him . it streaked and began to moan and twist as he shielded his face from the massive amounts of energy being released from it . newline newline  this is it !  he screamed like a madman . newline newline then nothing . silence and darkness . but he was conscious . he was thinking , but was he moving ? newline newline  hello , abraham .  he could hear it , the voice in the darkness . newline newline  who is there ?  newline newline  you found me , abraham .  newline newline  god ?  newline newline  i am here , abraham .  newline newline he could feel a hand touch his face . it was the only he could feel . it was everything . he was touching god . newline newline  finally , after all of the years ,  he moaned . newline newline then it was over . newline newline  newline newline his eyes were finally clear as he watched the once screeching figure completely fade out , leaving nothing more than a dim stone of god reaching out from the mirror . it was like a gargoyle , now lifeless and cold . newline newline as his vision adjusted to the room , he could see that it looks like an grenade was set off . his body was propped up against his flipped over dining table . he looked around , trying to take in the mess and last several minutes . newline newline then he saw it . a leather bound book was sitting on the floor just under the creature . while he thought the creature had been reaching for him , it was actually lauding over the literature before him . newline newline  a message from god ?  he thought and quickly dragged his bruised and limp body over to the novel and picked it up . the title read ,  houses of heaven  . his hand began to tremble and he lifted front cover , allowing his eyes to dive into the tattered pages of text . newline newline he gasped .  the missing word of god ,  he said under his breath .  sinning is there to help sort us into heaven .  his voice was trembling , he knew the creature he had felt was real , it was everlasting , it was ungodly , and this was its message .  we must sin to go to heaven , there is no hell .  he could nt contain the emotion , the raw feeling , escaping with each word that escaped under his breath . newline newline  this is it .  he said , continuing to read . newline newline  newline newline behind the man , a shadow dwelled over him . it s darkness looked to be cast by abraham , but only a trained eye would notice the trail extending from the mirror itself . its darkness had an unnatural blackness and size that would stand out to any observer . it smiled . newline newline for over half a century it watched the man live in this house  the tainted walls having never offered a chance for him to escape the madness being slowly groomed within . over the decades it influenced this man to shut out the world . over the years the seeds it planted began to grow . eventually , it was able to fuel the passion that drove him into creating such a monstrous mashup of magic and science in an effort to create a god that does not exist . well , it would gladly take the title of  god  for the bit of effort it had to put forth to deliver its message . now , the man will spread its message for it . newline newline  what a silly man  , the darkness whispered , its body chuckling along side the movement of abraham s arm turning another page . newline newline  there will be so many souls to reap .  newline newline  newline newline this is my first story here  and writing in a long time  ! i really thought of this on the spot as i read the prompt and could nt help but write a little something . hope you like !  and i d love commentary ! you loosen your tie and open the cupboard . grab two slices of bread and place them on the work surface . mum would have hated that . use a plate .  newline newline it was a good service . dad s eulogy had been short , but tender . he d cried . you d all cried . newline newline you spread the jelly on the bread , taking care to cover the whole slice , just like she always did . you grab the peanut butter , and twist off the lid . newline newline  fuck ! fucking crunchy !  newline newline you throw the jar on the floor . it smashes , the smell of the peanut butter filling the small kitchen . your sister runs in , pale . she holds you as the tears come .no one can quite remember when the last war started . our best guess was a few years after the great doom , when the outside world was destroyed and our store became the only remaining sanctuary left . in response to a milk shortage , dairy raised their prices astronomically , prompting pharmacy to do the same . that was the final straw . butter and milk is one thing , but when no one can afford antibiotics , it s just a matter of time until everything exploded . newline newline sporting goods and automotive aligned together and struck the first blow . they had grown very militaristic since the doom , as they had the only access to dangerous weapons and equipment at the time . they invaded pharmacy and annexed them . there is nt much a pill bottle or thermometer can do against the tire knights once they were armed with rifles and hunting knives . they struck a deal with grocery , food in exchange for medicine , and the three factions quickly established themselves as the dominant alliance . newline newline but it did nt last . it never did . the legend goes that blackhat operatives from electronics staged a false flag operation to make it look like automotive had been stealing guns and crossbows , using those weapons to trade fashion for freeflowing clothes , then selling the clothing back to sporting goods . that became the bloodiest civil war in our history , even more violent than the familial war , when men s , women s , and kid s splintered . newline newline all this was so many years ago . so much time has passed that few can even remember why we fight , or what the outside is like . division and mistrust is so embedded here , there is great doubt if the store could ever run again , all the sections in harmony , operating the massive commercial outpost it was before . but war has never bothered me , or my fathers , or their fathers before them . for a hundred generations we have existed alongside war , but war has never affected us . our section remains the lone island in this turbulent sea of conflict . newline newline why is that , you ask ? it s simple . our tribe is the keeper of the gardening section , the watcher of the harvest . and even the most bloodthirsty of our fellow sections know they can not , and should not , threaten us or disrupt us . after all , no matter what else happens in the store , the spices must flow .open shot , outside of i.s.i.s . headquarters newline newline archer :  excited  i ca nt believe i got the job at s.h.i.e.l.d. ! newline newline inside mallory s office . mallory is seated behind her desk , whiskey in hand . archer leans on the bar , also holding a drink .  newline newline archer :  deadpan  i mean really , i m having a hard time wrapping my head around it . because of , you know , our crazy awful track record here . newline newline mallory :  eyes narrow , through gritted teeth  i do nt believe anyone would hire such a colossal idiot like you . newline newline archer :  ignoring her  they must have heard about the job i did in kiev ... i wonder if i ll get to meet tony stark ? that guy is seriously badass . he probably pisses glengoole blue . newline newline mallory : why would you get to meet him ? s.h.e.i.l.d . does nt work with any of those types . pshh !  muttering  superheroes , think they re so much better than us . newline newline archer :  one eyebrow raised  mother , have you never heard of the avengers ? ! seriously , how could you not know that s.h.i.e.l.d . hired them ? newline newline mallory :  eyes wide , looking away  well , there may have been a teensy mix up ... newline newline archer :  eyes narrow , accusing  mother , what did you do ? newline newline mallory : how was i supposed to know that s.h.i.e.l.d . was spelled with the i first ? i mean , who invented that stupid word , the french ? newline newline archer :  rage building  you have always put the i first , mother , why would nt you do it now ? ! and everyone knows it s i before e , except after c ! this is grade school stuff ! newline newline cherylcarol pokes her head in the door , visibly annoyed newline newline cheryl :  shouting  why is everyone shouting letters in here ? what is this , a spelling bee for deaf people ? ! it s all , u ! i ! y ! e ! c !  newline newline mallory : you be quiet !  to herself  the way she changes her name i would nt be surprised if anything came after the c. newline newline archer :  still indignant  if you do nt mind mother , can you tell me who i ll actually be working for ? newline newline mallory : they re the sanitation and hospitality experts  individual labor division . newline newline archer : which means ... ? newline newline mallory : you ll be a housekeeper . newline newline carol tries unsuccessfully to contain a chuckle , archer snaps a quick glare at her newline newline archer : you mean like woodhouse ? ! never ! no shitting way ! newline newline mallory : well if you do nt , then you ll be blacklisted by the whole organization newline newline archer : do nt care . newline newline mallory : and their affiliates , which includes the real s.h.i.e.l.d . newline newline archer : wait , they re actually affiliated ? newline newline mallory : yes , and if you do well here then maybe that means you ll get a chance to apply . newline newline archer :  resigned  fine , but i m not going to like it . newline newline cheryl :  under her breath , restraining laughter  at least you get to be iron man ! newline newline cut to intro24 hours ... newline newline 24 hours was all that was left ! the long months , days , hours of waiting would soon be over . newline newline in 24 hours the ship would arrive . another hour or so after that and the landers would touch down . clyde had nt been this anxious or excited about anything in his entire life , at least as far back as he could remember . it was all he could think about . newline newline he thought about it during his breakfast  oatmeal with a sprinkle of precious smuggled cinnamon and a piece of processed  toast   bread just does nt bake properly here !  newline newline he thought about it during his shift at the dome 3 hydroponic gardens , which he is the lead engineer of and that s a pretty big accomplishment for a man his age if he does say so himself . newline newline he thought about it during dinner . he thought about it when trying , and failing , to fall asleep . hell , he d probably have dreamed about if he could have . newline newline he must have finally dozed off at some point , because the next thing clyde thought about was shutting off his alarm clock . newline newline as the fuzziness of the recently awoken began to fade , he remembered . today was the day ! newline newline clyde had been on mars for 21 months . 21 fucking months on this rock . lonely . desolate . it was about as much as a man could take ! newline newline to be fair , he was nt exactly miserable . hell , he had signed up for this . even if it was nt just as he had imagined it , it was still the adventure of a lifetime ! like everything in life , it had it s ups and it s downs . newline newline he was nt alone . 62 people had departed on the initial colony ship . of those , 59 were still alive . acceptable losses some would say , but it still hurt clyde to think back on those tragedies . especially dustin ... dustin was a good kid . newline newline still , even with the other colonists around , clyde was lonely . he was nt alone in that either . newline newline when the idea for the mars one project had initially been conceived , the plan had called for sending married couples only on the journey . however , in testing , things had not gone so smoothly in that regard . newline newline it had not been considered that when you screen applicants for intelligence and physical fitness as two of your top criteria , you end up with a group of fairly attractive people . newline newline during more than 50  of the close quarters isolation tests infidelity had proved a serious issue . it had formed rifts in the group dynamic in every event , and twice had caused physical violence . in one of those cases , one man suffered four lost teeth and a broken jaw before facility security could get in and break up the fight . newline newline as a result it was determined that not only would sending couples be a bad idea , but that mixing the sexes at all in such a confined space for so long was an unacceptable risk . newline newline so , they sent the men . newline newline they needed a workforce to get things up and running . it was decided that a group of all males would be the best option as the first group of colonists . is that sexist ? maybe , but that s of no concern to him . that s the decision that was made . newline newline and so they went . newline newline they came to this planet , this orange ball of a world . they collected the scattered construction machinery that had been sent prior to their arrival . they assembled the vehicles and got them running . they towed the prefab structures into place and fused them together . they moved from their temporary survival tents into their permanent homes . newline newline they worked , and worked , and worked . they did what they must to get their home ready . they may have finished a month and a half later than expected , but hey , this was the first time anyone had attempted anything of this magnitude . getting it done at all was a huge accomplishment . newline newline in the here and now , most of the large jobs had been wrapped up 8 months ago . a few of the largest tasks carried over a month or so longer . after that , all that had been left was maintenance , upkeep , and long months of waiting for the next shipment of colonists and equipment to arrive so they could get to expanding their fledgling city . newline newline today that wait was over ! newline newline as clyde put on his pressure suit and began to make his way to the landing area he noticed a few others heading in the same general direction , but other than that the passages were barren . everyone was already at the airlock it seemed . newline newline as he arrived in dome 1 clyde could already hear the noise of the gathered crowd . the airlock bay had been cleared to make room for the landing craft . there would be four in total , each disengaging from the main body of the ship and each just the right size to fit through the large industrial airlock that until now had ever only been used to transfer surface vehicles inside when in need of repair . newline newline clyde could see that a handful of people had opted to stay inside and watch through the viewports , but the majority of the population was outside awaiting the first lander . he pulled his hood over his head and slid down the face mask . no way was he missing this . newline newline the outer airlock door was already open , so he had to transition in one of the smaller side chambers . when he emerged on the other side he was greeted by the sight of the largest gathering of the crew since they landed here themselves so long ago . newline newline it did nt take long before one , and then a few more , of the men at the front of the group started to wave their arms and point . there , on the horizon , was the small dot that was the first lander . as the rest of the group quickly picked up on this , the landing craft grew closer and larger . newline newline it was here ! they were here ! their wives had arrived ! newline newline the landing craft touched down and and the winch cables were attached . it was pulled into the airlock . it seemed as if it took a full hour for the large airlock to cycle , even though in reality it took all of 6 minutes . newline newline clyde could hardly contain himself as the craft was pulled into the bay . he did nt think he would be lucky enough to have his wife be part of the first group , but he d be damned if he was nt going to be right there when she departed . he muscled his way to the front as best he could . newline newline a few moments after the winches brought the craft to a halt the loading ramp at the rear of the vehicle began to lower . as the edge touched the ground , a suited figure emerged and removed his helmet . newline newline his ? newline newline clyde stood there a bit confused . as he began to recover from his shock , more new colonists came down the ramp and removed their headgear . more males . clyde looked around the bay , and saw the same look of confusion on the faces of every veteran colonist . newline newline clyde broke from the pack and walked forward . the first man who had departed looked up with a smile and extended his hand . newline newline  names hank !  the stranger greeted with a hint of a southern us accent . newline newline clyde was speechless . newline newline  you ok buddy ?  hank asked . newline newline before clyde could find words , someone from the crowd behind him piped up   where are the women ! ?  newline newline  women ?  now even hank had that same confused look on his face . it was like a god damn confusion buffet . newline newline  our wives .  clyde finally found his voice .  where are our wives ? did you fly out here with them ?  newline newline the look on hank s faced changed from confusion to one of understanding mixed with shock .  you mean they did nt tell you ! ?  he barked , then more to himself  no , i guess they would nt  newline newline  tell us what ?  another of the crowd shouted . newline newline  well shit , i m sorry to be the one to tell yall this but ... your wives are nt coming . matter of fact , ai nt no women coming . ever . least not in your lifetime .  newline newline  what ! ? what do you mean they are nt coming ?  newline newline  i mean just that . man i ca nt believe they kept you guys in the dark on this , but i mean i guess it makes sense . they needed you to stay loyal , at least until we got here . not that we re very loyal ourselves to be perfectly honest .  hank said with an apologetic look .  maybe they thought you would nt let us in or something , i do nt know .  newline newline  i , i still do nt understand .  clyde managed . newline newline  well buddy , a little over a year ago some smartass politician read some bullshit research paper that some cocksucker rich kid wrote at an ivy league school . he warned that once the women arrived , mars could be self sufficient enough that it could break ties with the earth and in as little as 2 or 3 generations we could see our first interplanetary war . if you ask me it all sounds like a whole bunch of bullshit , but people took it seriously . so it was decided that only men will be sent to mars until such time that spaceflight is advanced enough to allow the earth to police us from home . no babies . we revolt , we eventually die off , they just keep sending more and more anyway . until then , we just keep building . and we do nt got much choice . the people are gon na keep coming , and we ll run out of room if we do nt . we got ta keep the place running or we die . what can we do ? we re all the way out here .  newline newline  then why , why would you even come ?  he begged of hank . newline newline  not much choice in the matter .  hank replied ,  now that you science guys have the place up and running , mars is a life sentence .  newline newline with that he clapped clyde on the shoulder , hefted his helmet , and said  well , i guess we better get to moving this stuff out of the way for the second lander . it ought to be here shortly .  and left to do just that . newline newline clyde was left standing there speechless . he felt hollow . he looked down , hank had left a folded piece of paper in clyde s hand . he unfolded it and found a crudely drawn figure . it was dickbutt . newline newline the end .two fifteen am . i d been following my feet for fifteen minutes after the bar closed . i did nt work tomorrow . no classes either . long as i made it home and got to sleep at a reasonable hour i d be fine . newline newline i found the alley i usually went through on my way home . or at least i thought it was that alley , but it did nt look right . the buildings loomed overhead , and i lost sight of the streetlights and stars . it felt more like a stonework tunnel than a concrete canyon , but that might have been the third rum and coke making things fuzzy . newline newline i came out of the alley and i knew i d made a wrong turn . something was nt right . this was nt my town . my gaze panned across the street , lit not by the metalandglass streetlights i knew but something altogether different . a wooden post covered in carvings of stylized torches was topped by a red orb of flame levitating a few inches above the post . i looked at the post and noticed it was nt burning at all .  i definitely took a wrong turn somewhere ,  i murmured to myself . across the street there was a man and a woman in streamlined matte black plastoid armor wearing some kind of futuristic wraparound sunglasses , walking and talking like they were on vacation or something . newline newline i looked back where i came from and saw a blank masonry wall .  well . that leaves me about three options . option one : i had a bit too much to drink and i m passed out in a gutter somewhere , probably in the alley i was walking through , and i m having a cool dream . option two , similar to option one : someone laced my drink with something and i m hallucinating .  a bump from someone walking down this side of the street jostled both those ideas away as a voice with a reptilian rasp told me to find somewhere else if i was just going to stand around . i looked at the scaly humanoid .  well i ll be karked ,  i murmured to myself .  i was not expecting to run into a trandoshan outside of a convention . suppose it s like scorch said , they re not a species known for their patience .  newline newline the light ringing of chain mail on someone walking caught my ear and i turned and saw a middleaged man with an image of a partially unrolled scroll on his shield . there was a mace at his side , the head coruscating with colors . the scroll symbols appeared on his shoulder guard and he wore another around his neck .  oghma ,  i said to myself . a few years ago i d been in a d  d game where the most consistent allies of our party was the church of oghma , a neutral god of knowledge , whose dogma involved spreading knowledge and the notion that knowledge was power . he would be a good first friend to make . newline newline  sir ?  i asked .  you are for oghma , right ?  newline newline the middleaged man stopped in his tracks , turning toward me and staring a moment . i suppose even here i was somewhat strangely attired . a human male of medium build with brown hair and hazel eyes . i checked my outfit : blue and white plaid long sleeve shirt , basic blue tshirt , and weekold blue jeans . fairly normal for where i m from , but this definitely was nt where i m from . newline newline  i have a question first , and then a story . one you might be interested in , as i have a wide array of knowledge from places you may never have seen ,  i said , starting to spin my tale . i was nt completely certain what direction i was going with this , but getting to where i wanted to go would probably give me enough time to figure it out . it was right around now i blinked and realized i had no idea how he would see me , perceive me , if i would be subject to the rules of his world . newline i wondered , thought about it ... and then i knew , clearly , as if i could see the character sheet in my head . i was a neutral good human bard . i wo nt bore you with the rest of my sheet , but i saw every single number and figure that would be on such a thing and smirked to myself . well , i might change a couple of things but all in all i d play this character and enjoy it . yknow , that s really not all that different from what i d say about myself where i m from .  newline newline the idea settled slowly in my mind as i thought about what i d just done . is this chim ?  as if at the thought of the word , a character status screen settled in my mind s eye , this time in the style of morrowind . well . i never thought i d be saying this . thank you vehk .  newline newline this all took only a moment .  what s your question ?  he asked . newline newline  there must be a meeting place for people who are nt from around here . a pub in the foreign quarter , a guild of adventurers or mages of some stripe . take me there , and i ll tell you a story you would nt believe ,  i said , possibly with a touch of genius or madness in my eyes . i knew exactly what story i was telling , and exactly what direction i wanted to go with it . newline newline the man led me to the pub .  this is the red barrel , traditional meeting space of a guild which travels the planes ,  he said as though he were a tour guide .  i m a charter member of the guild , seeking to gather all knowledge and compile it so that one could think to search for something through the archives and they would find all notions of it across the planes .  newline newline  right . we get a seat somewhere and i ll tell you my story . then you can tell me what you think it s worth and who i should talk to next ,  i said with a hint of a conspiratorial tone . newline newline i told him i d walked through an alley from a place with streets lit by lamps of metal and glass and ended up in this place . i mentioned i recognized the one who d bumped into me as a trandoshan from a galaxy far far away and knew from the symbol he was of oghma s priesthood . things he could accept if i traveled across the planes and to different worlds . newline newline then i dropped the big one on him . where i came from , all these things were fictional . just stories i d read , games i d played . newline newline he seemed to handle it well , if a bit surprised .  there s a stage for presentations downstairs . i ll inform everyone that we have a new visitor and let you introduce yourself .  newline newline i walked down the stairs with him and heard a variety of sounds on the stairs behind me . i d talk to them later , i m sure . i took a deep breath , psyched myself up , and took the stage . newline newline  greetings . newline newline i am a knowledge broker . newline newline i am a storyteller . newline newline i am a spy with no side . newline newline i have achieved chim . newline newline i know your stories , newline newline their start and their end . newline newline i m here to work with you , newline newline so let us begin . newline newline i am . i am the one newline newline the only newline newline the baron , doctor orpheus . this is mine : newline newline  run . newline newline do nt stop . newline newline do nt turn back .  newline newline and so he ran . newline newline the danger was small , now . newline newline they were slow and clumsy creatures . newline newline he ran as fast as he could . newline newline there was no way they would catch up . newline newline their feet seemed to be heavy , caught by molasses . newline newline they would nt catch up , but he d always be running away . newline newline their slow and cumbersome persistence would always be creeping . newline newline creeping around the corners  how would he sleep ? newline newline in the open , he could be easily seen . newline newline closed up , he could be trapped . newline newline attempting survival , but for what ? newline newline company of the dead ? newline newline memories of love ? newline newline he lived . newline newline alone .i was finally going to have a conversation with her . i was so excited ! what did she look like ? what were her hobbies ? so many questions ! newline newline  logging on  newline newline so excited !  newline newline  loading . sending signals thru 4d  newline newline what ? what does that mean ?  newline newline  age difference loading  newline newline hmmmm ... . newline newline  age difference : 0  newline newline huh . same age then ?  newline newline 8:56  so : hi ! is this john gonzalez ? newline newline 8:56  me : yeah . this is john . newline newline 8:56  so : my name is jossiana sanchez and i live at  address  . newline newline 8:57  me : why such an odd name ? newline newline 8:58  so : oh . i was born in 2192 so my name was invented in 2156 . newline newline 8:58  me : what ? i was born in 2092 . newline newline 8:59  so : you are 124 ? newline newline 9:00  me : no . i am 24 . but do not worry ! i will meet you soon in my dad s spaceship . i will be their faster than you can log off . newline newline  newline newline my father was an astronaut . i could use his spaceship to travel at lightspeed to get to vega and travel back to my so . but first i needed to find a way to get his spaceship ...  newline newline  newline newline i had my breakfast and told my parents i was going out on a run  i did not say where  . thankfully , we lived near the place where dad kept his spaceship . i plugged in the coordinates and blasted off into space at 99.9999999999 ! newline newline  newline newline i looked at the stars and noticed their complexity and beauty . i then realized that i could meet my one true love in a matter of seconds if i went at the speed of light ! i blasted off forward and approached vega in 2 seconds . i did the same on the return trip but by the time i got to mars , i had no gas but it was still 2215 . if i timed it right , i could make it in a literal second ! newline newline i conducted an emergency landing and landed in the colony where my greatgreatuncle lived since it seemed familiar . i picked up some gas and blasted off once again ! this time i went at 98  the speed of light and i knew that it would work ! newline newline i entered the atmosphere and landed by my house . i looked up jossiana but she was dead . it was 2316 . i failed . i was all alone with no one to love . newline newline but wait ! in 2316 , she may just be cryogenically frozen ! i went to the cryogenic treatment plant and asked the receptionist about a  jossiana sanchez born in 2292  and she said she froze herself in 2216 . i walked to her storing room . i saw a man with orangish hair frozen for 1000 years . who would be frozen that long ? then , i saw her frozen in time . newline newline name : jossiana sanchez newline newline date of freezing : august 29 , 2216 newline newline cause : born too late newline newline i unfroze her and we finally met each other ! now we could both have a new start , together .the stonerose inn  my newest venture , built along the path of mt . thorne , was as much a bar as a small , but quite fortified fort . with columns carved from the mountain itself and shields built for giants as our doors with the crest of the stonerose upon them i could not be prouder . newline newline i had lived a long life of travel and shared my fair collection of scars from battle , floating in youth as a merchant peddler or mercenary for hire , traveling to the far and distant desserts where sun bleached bones where almost as plentiful as sand . i have sailed many oceans , i have tread many swamps and after many years i had felt tired and in wanting to settle . the stonerose , inspired from many nights travelling through inhospitable earth , has been built between our lands second capital city and the bordering lands of steam , an always misty land of muggy , sticky humidity and porous volcanic vents . newline newline she was my home and i filled her with all sorts of curiosities from my travels or armour i had don as a younger man . and she was a lonely inn never filled with rowdy laughter but rather the constant flow of people on the go . exactly what i had wanted from her . of course though we got quite a few rockmen , those who lived in the mountain , and whenever they grouped together large enough the bar would come alive with spirits like fire  however as of late i have been getting a different crowd . newline newline many men and women that i could see a younger version of myself in , don in colorful cloaks , metal woven robes , armament wild as you could imagine . all in search of tasks similar in nature , even exactly in nature as quests .  whats the word passing by  ,  what are the troubles unseen  ,  have you heard the howls of nightcallers ?  , and  these markings what could they mean ?  . some of these adventurers i do nt give a second look , they are green and weak , fodder for the wilds and others i think more selectively towards , be it there wit or their swords . newline newline newline if anyone would like me to continue i will , and i could get more into depth with quests or inquiries you re late .  newline  and you re drunk .  newline newline this short interaction marked my arrival at the private estate where sun city s villains gathered , to address the death of lady light , the town s preeminent hero . years of fighting crime and villainy , years of social upheaval , it seemed to have fatigued her , and in a climactic duel with the grave brethren , passed on . her opponents , shocked , turned themselves in . no major villain had acted in the following days . heroes of other cities , former sidekicks , all poured in condolences and offered their services to sun city . karl strig , a billionaire investor and unofficial funder of the city s villains , organized the event , with hopes to reenergize the disheartened and confused villainy . newline  ladies and gentlemen , humans and monsters , let us toast to her great service !  his faux toast led to uproarious laughter , but i was silent . newline  getting down to business , we must acknowledge our predicament . law enforcement is operating higher than ever , volunteering heroes have essentially shut down lower level crime , and some of our own have thrown in the towel . the situation is bad , but we must push on . have we not our careers and reputations to maintain ?  he got the response he wanted from that line . unfortunately , i had begun to feel the weight of my history and lady light s death . born with a supernatural connection with nature , i d internalized my troubled childhood , and my pain made me lash out , under the name of biologica . she had never stopped trying to get me to let go , but i resisted , considering her just another person . now , in light of her death , i reconsidered her entirely . newline  i have planned , with the aid of my lovely , lovely , assistant , a surefire way to return sun city to its rightful leaders ! we ll need everyone on board , are you with me ?  the assembled villainy cheered him . i hid my growing distaste . after his speech finished , he approached me . newline  oh biologica , my girl , how are you ?  newline  peachy  , i reply , and he smiles , devilishly . newline  oh i m sure , i know how you hated lady light . she always was a bit of a shrill harpy !  he laughs at his unfunny joke , and i internally cringe . i manage to walk away and slowly make my way for the exit . quietly leaving , i fly towards the local park , and sit under a tree . newline she did try to teach me , and i never listened . do i feel regret ? shame ? cursed emotions . newline  whoa , are you some kinda superhero ?  , i hear a young voice behind me . newline  oh hello !  i find myself staring at a small child , and his puppy . i form an empathic connection with the puppy using my powers . he is happy . newline  well i do nt know if i d say superhero  , but , i am a hero . my name is naturala . my name is florida man . newline newline i had recently lost a promotion to a mean son of a bitch who basically bullied me out of my birthright . needless to say , i was pissed , so i started hittin the sauce pretty hard . newline newline another morning , another headline . newline newline  florida man charged with aggravated assault after hurling a cheese wheel into crowd at trump rally  newline newline  florida man wanted in connection to organized crime after port of miami officials seize four containers of stolen avocados  newline newline  florida man detained after aggressively campaigning at local denny s .  newline newline this ca nt be the same florida man , can it ? newline newline  what in tarnation  i mumble , as i feel my phone start to vibrate . newline newline it s my brother . i answer my phone to the sound of him laughing like a hyena . newline newline after 30 uninterrupted minutes of him laughing , he tells me to check my  email   https : imgur.comahnmdo  and hangs up . newline newline i felt like such a heckin idiot . my name was nt florida man . newline newline my name is jeb ! governor of the great state of florida , and i am a real human bean . newline newline please clap . newline newline disclaimer newline this thread may be monitored by the cia , nsa , mi6 , seal team six , russia and the justice league for quality assurance purposes . newline newlinewith bloodshot eyes , sweaty palms , and cotton mouth he began to hear the sounds of laughter . newline  finally .  newline he was closing in on his destination . newline ducking into a small poorly lit brick alley , he reached into his pockets . newline shchkinkk the iconic sound of a lighter . a light glow could be seen from the street as he took his final hit . newline it was nt because he was nervous , though he was , he just could nt help himself . newline newline the sharp meticulously maintained garden and white marble steps were already contrasting heavily with his long unkempt beard and shoulder length hair . he was nt usually invited to these things . newline newline he walked up the stairs . newline  here we go..  newline the bell hardly rang before the door burst open and a smiling face awaited him . newline  howdy  he said with an uncharacteristic southern twang . newline wordlessly , ushering with her hands , he crossed the threshold . newline something was off , everyone was staring at him . newline jokingly attempting to break the tension , newline  what you ve never seen a homeless man before ? haha  laughing a bit too loudly and soon at his own self depreciating humor . newline ..silence ...  newline still no one had spoken , and all eyes were on him . newline uncomfortably , the man walked into the room pretending this was normal social interaction and looked for a seat . newline newline another man appeared behind him and pushed a seat against his calves , practically knocking him into the chair . newline everyone gathered around , all of an arms length away , staring and started to kneel around him . newline  what the hell are you all doing ? ?  newline the woman who answered the door lifted a finger to his lips and held it there for a few moments . newline thoughts racing , he tried to find a reason to get up . something to say . newline newline hands came out of no where with his favorite drinks and snacks . newline  i.. uhh hu.. thankss .  he stammered . newline newline his thoughts were garbled , messy , all over the place . newline palms continuing to sweat , no amount of this drink could wet his whistle , although he tried and more appeared . newline his back ached from the chair and social discomfort . he was fidgeting . newline hands reached over and started soothingly caressing his back . newline placing his hands over his eyes and leaned foward in the chair making himself small . newline he swayed back and forth , forward and back , as a mother would rock a baby . newline mostly forming words with his mouth rather than speaking , newline  this is just paranoia , i am too high , just paranoia , i am too high  newline smack the man fell to the floor . newline the crowd backed off . newline and there he would lie until the end ... . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlineone of them snorted , though it could have been a sniff . newline newline  you know , you could sit around all day too and noone d thank you for all that fat you created . sometimes you just got ta do shit without expectin  any praise , you re not gettin  gold stars here .  newline newline they paced corridor without talking . when the other finally piped up , he did so with renewed fervor , as though he had just consulted with the hamster that ran around in his head  newline newline  i m just saying that people ca nt fuck with my creative process . i do all this and get zero for it , course i m gon na feel i deserve something . not excusing it .  newline newline they ran into tim and benny , who were deep in conversation lining up for class .  you boys gon na whine all day or get in on this ?  i just don  t know ,  darren said with sadness , his throat tightening with emotion .  everything is so different now janice , i just don  t have the same feelings for you . i can  t find that same love within me that  s sustained me all these years . and it  s breaking my heart.  newline newline darren lifted his hands to cover his face , as though that simple act might spare janice the pain of his welling tears . but own his sorrow betrayed him , cascading wetly down his cheeks and raining unheeded onto the untouched and nowforgotten linguine he  d worked so hard to prepare for just the two of them . newline newline  oh darren , of course you feel differently ,  janice replied . she reached across the table and gently took darren  s hands in her own .  things have changed . we both knew that would happen . but now we have our beautiful new daughter and our lives will never be the same . they can  t be . they shouldn  t be.  she softly drew his hands away from his face until they brushed against the silver gazelle pendant she still wore around her neck , the first birthday gift he  d ever bought her . she looked comfortingly into his tearfilled eyes .  but my love for you is just as strong , and our lives will be just as full ... even more now that it  s taken this unique , and precious , and irreplaceable form.  newline newline newline  but how can that ever be enough for us ?  the darkhaired guy said in what appeared to be despair .  our love was my everything , my world , my life itself . the two of us are all i ever truly cared about.  he hung his head , his face now threatening to sink into his plate of uh that kind of spaghetti that s flat . newline newline  oh , darren ,  the blonde replied , drawing darren  s  darren  s  hands toward her and holding them against the warmth of her cheek .  what have we lost ? what could we possibly lose , you and i ?  she asked . but as she spoke darren couldn  t help but notice that the gleaming silver pendant of a um i  m going to go with  goat   had slipped away from their hands and it now dangled alone , untouched , metallic and cold . newline newline  oh , janice ,  darren replied to janice ,  how can you say that ? there are three of us now , when for so long we  ve been two . i don  t know if i can bear it.  newline newline  we  re more and we  re stronger than before ,  janice replied to this unbearable sod with a smile , and led one of darren  s hands to gently touch the nearby bascinet . she turned her head and continued ,  now that our lives include our precious cody ,  she said , addressing their new  cody ?   so dau child . newlineif there s one thing politicians hate , it is unscheduled sessions with mandatory attendance . unscheduled sessions were annoying , but if you had something better to do , you could simply not attend . sessions with mandatory attendance were also a bit annoying , but at least you knew about them in advance and could plan the rest of your week accordingly . newline newline mandatory unscheduled sessions did nt happen too often , but when they happened they usually were a huge headache for everyone . seldom an issue was important enough that immediate action was required . so if immediate action was important , it usually meant shit was about to , or already had , hit the fan . newline newline the following is a shortened transcript of such a session , a joint meeting , necessary to discuss the aftermath of the proverbial feces hitting something that was much less a fan than it was a turbine . newline newline   newline newline  friday , april 13 , 2018 newline  newline  u.s. house of representatives , committee on homeland security , joint with the united states national security council . newline  newline  the committees met , pursuant to call , at 14:28 , in newline  room 108 , theodor l. surland  chairman of the homeland newline  security committee  presiding . newline  newline   call of all present members , check of attendance , all members accounted for  newline  newline  chairman surland : the room will come to order . newline  the purpose of this meeting is to discuss the possibility of a threat by weapons of mass destruction falling into the hands of domestic terrorists , agents of foreign nations operating within our borders or individuals that may not pose a threat to our nation by themselves , but by extension , due to the lack of training and security necessary to handle weaponry of this classification . newline  i now recognize myself for an opening statement . newline  before we begin , i hope the members of congress had the opportunity to acquaint themselves with the details of the case sullivan ? newline   the chairman eyes the members of congress before proceeding  newline  i see too many people scrambling through their files for my liking . due to the nature of this meeting and the implications to the security of our nation , i will make time for a quick recap of the situation : newline  three days ago , tuesday april 10 , the selfproclaimed antimilitaristic peace activist john sullivan managed to trick a dangerous goods transport to keep their charge unattended for a moment . members of sullivan s activist group then used this opportunity created by him to remove the hazardous material transported , fill it into containers of their own , and escape with it . newline  the material in question was sarin . newline  newline   the chairman reprimands several congressmen for their shouts of disbelieve and refusal to quieten down  newline  newline  yes , i said sarin . banned in the 1997 chemical weapons convention , we still have nt managed to get rid of all of our stockpiles . this is nt the point of this meeting though . actually it is related to the ban , but we will get to that in a minute . newline  newline  the reason why we are having this emergency session is the fact that mr. sullivan managed to get his hands on these canisters of sarin , transport them somewhere else , and not break a single law while doing so . as we speak , mr. sullivan is already back on the streets , as are the other members of his activist group . newline  newline   more shouts of anger and disbelief  newline  newline  this meeting today is to address the obvious problem and legal loophole that the case sullivan uncovered , a loophole which is an enormous threat to the security and safety of our nation . newline  newline  mr. sullivan found that a combination of several problematic formulations of our laws allows people to remove weapons of mass destruction and other items deemed illegal by a legally binding convention from the grasp of our military or any organization overseeing their disposal without legal repercussions . newline  newline  the loophole works as follows : it starts with the definition of theft , which is as follows : newline  newline   the chairman uses the projection system to show a slide containing several legal definitions  newline  newline  definition of theft newline  a : the act of stealing  specifically : the felonious taking and removing of personal property with intent to deprive the rightful owner of it newline  b : an unlawful taking  as by embezzlement or burglary  of property newline   ...  newline  newline  this definition is then combined with the definition of property  , which is as follows : newline  newline  definition of property newline   ...  newline  a : something owned or possessed  specifically : a piece of real estate newline  b : the exclusive right to possess , enjoy , and dispose of a thing : ownership newline  c : something to which a person or business has a legal title newline  d : one  as a performer  who is under contract and whose work is especially valuable newline  e : a book or script purchased for publication or production newline  newline  furthermore mr. sullivan then went further and used the definition of thing  for his advantage : newline  newline  definition of thing newline   ...  newline  4 newline  a things plural : possessions , effects pack your things newline  b : whatever may be possessed or owned or be the object of a right newline  c : an article of clothing not a thing to wear newline  d things plural : equipment or utensils especially for a particular purpose bring the tea things newline  newline  i think you can see where i m going with this . last but not least he pointed out the chemical weapons convention from 1997 , which banned chemical weapons . newline  newline  as such mr. sullivan was able to remove the weapon from us , because this unfortunate wording of our laws regarding theft allowed him to dispose of things that are nt allowed to be owned without him needing to own them himself . with his activist group removing the sarin from its container and putting it into containers of their own , we could nt even arrest them for stealing the containers . newline  newline  i hope i have made myself clear to why this oversight needs to be rectified .the man in the ski mask just lays there , bleeding . whack , whack .  newline newline  well , so , i guess his , like , tissue grows back ?  carol said into the phone as she watched us working .  so he s not dead ,  just , you know , icky .  whack , whack newline newline i sit there with the prybar my dad keeps in the garage , gingerly raising it up and stabbing it into the eyehole , over , and over . bill has his left leg , and is going at it with a chisel . he looks like he s working pretty hard . barry has the manthing s right leg , and has an easier time . the , i guess it s called a circular saw ? is whirring on and off . bill s giving barry an evil look . whatever . newline newline red shit splatters on my dress .  fuck , sarah , watch it .  newline newline  sorry ,  she says , her face patronizing .  i did nt realize you had a date tonight .  she slowly lowers the power drill back into the giant manthing s left elbow , severing the tendons there for , like , the sixteenth time . newline newline i blush .  sarah ...  it s ok. barry did nt notice . newline newline  guys look !  oh , no , no . i look at the thing s right arm , panicking . brittany s just sitting there with the thing hacked off , as red tendontentacle things start creeping back towards the stump . she slowly , gingerly takes the gardening claw across the red tendrils , spins the tool , and holds it up .  spaghetti !  newline newline  god damnit brittany , stop fucking around ,  i say . whack . el roi is a dignified scrap heap of an apartment complex tucked away right in the heart of the city , though you would nt know it just walking around the place , save for those familiar inner city cues : the absent stars , almost all of them as usual slathered in the pitch we manufacture with our lights to turn the sky into presumably more palatable swathes of congestive blacks and grays . see , though , the thing about el roi was that it was in one of those otherwise longdead areas of town , the parts that some 30 years ago sputtered out with one final burst of black smoke and were left behind for  literally  greener pastures and less swarthy neighbors . a strange side effect of this white flight was that these seemingly failed organs  not just the part of town where i was now , with el roi , but all of them , without exception  spent at least some portion of the year completely swallowed up by the shadows of the newer downtown skylines , especially at sunrise and sunset , meaning the nights came sooner and stayed longer there than anywhere else . i m sorry  i can get real wrapped up in talking about the place i live , and even though it can get to be a little too much , and often comes out sounding grim , i do nt mean to be pessimistic . i love this place , but i mean , i really love it : i love all the things about it that make it difficult to love . newline newline anyway , it s time i got on . newline that thing about the shadows of new downtown ? well , that was the case today when i was making the last of my rounds , to those apartments i mentioned , and i felt the exact moment those shadows came between me and the fading afternoon sun . from there on out , i spent my drive in a twilight that was the unwanted byproduct of fabricated paradise , much like the vacant lots all around me , and the scraps of news paper tossed about by the dry , tinny breeze here and there . newline newline and , of course , the people who lived here . but i loved them too . i may be just a pizza delivery girl , but , as you might have shrewdly noticed , i can be damn romantic  capital r romantic , i mean  about nearly anything . but that was nt the case with these people . i was trying , at least , to break with my old habits . it s easy to stop imagining people as people when you ve got this idealized prototype in your head , whether it s good or bad . i ve been learning how to stop that , and truthfully , i still have a lot to learn in that respect , but i think i can say i love them now . i honestly believe i m starting to know just what that means . i ve become familiar with the area over the past two years or so , formed little relationships with the people here , i d like to think . even if i am just a pizza delivery person , it s still nice to think that i ve made some sort of fleeting connection each time i show up , lost touch and caught up with families , witnessed a birth or passing now and then . i just wish my corporateguaranteed timely arrival did nt feel like one of the only reliable things in their lives . god . that s some real cheese right there . i ll stop , i swear . newline newline when i got to el roi , i checked the ticket for the customer s address . it was nt a specific apartment i d delivered to before , but i had nt planned on getting as lost as i did . i thought i knew the place . so much for reliable . maybe being a little less starry eyed might help with that . newline newline fifteen minutes i d spent navigating the fractured layout of the place before i was thrown off by a little girl , maybe five or six years old , peering shyly through a doorway that turned out to be the address i d been looking for . it was nt her eyes , really  though they were a beautiful bluish , speckled grey that have since been fixed in my memory  but her bare feet that caught my attention . there was nt anything that felt mystifying about them , in particular . in fact , they were pretty commonplace , given where i was . they were dirty , and many of the toenails were too long or just barely hanging off , not quite letting go of their hold on her . but there was nothing exceptionally grimy . in fact , they were very dry . i got the impression she was slowly being whittled away into something crude and sharp and desperate and left this trail of sawdust wherever she went . yet she was all there somehow . when i got close enough to see her fingers , they looked and felt the same way . newline newline she could nt speak . newline newline i did nt really question it at the time . she opened the door a little wider , produced her due payment without reaching beyond the threshold and disappeared with what she ordered , leaving me weakkneed but with time to recover on my way back to the store . i got this sensation like , well you hear it sometimes , people talking about feeling the earth move beneath their feet , but it was more than that . it was everything . it was every wanderer in the sky that i could nt now ignore , all of them spun seasick around and about and without and within and it was more than i could bare . newline newline but it faded with the twilight . it left me catatonic for the rest of the night . i remember , vaguely , closing up shop and making one final round of deliveries , but no details really surface from the rest of that night until its close , when i d gotten home and apparently showered and changed , and the ticket from that day s order must have fallen out of a pocket onto the middle of my floor , leaving me to puzzle even now about that strange name . shekhinah . hm . newline newline but it s perhaps quite likely the whole thing is a fever dream and an exaggeration . maybe being a little less starry eyed could help with that .fuck yes . this is it ! the perfect prompt . my time to shine . newline newline i ve got this . i ll weave this narrative like a master person who weaves things . this prompt will be putty in my hands . my master painting . my piece of resistance . i ll fuck this prompt s mother . newline newline this is literally the best idea i ve ever had . it all ties together : batman , hitler , the ghostbusters , everything . wayne to adolf to venkman to ron weasley and back to robin . it s perfect . no one could see these plot twists coming . newline newline hear that sound ? that s the karma train , stopping at the me station , for a four pee em departure to reddit stardom . newline newline ok , that s the third paragraph finished , now to just tie things up neatly . making ron weasley secretly the joker was the best idea ever . my ideas are tremendous . no one has better ideas . got ta leave room for a sequel though . i ll have my own subreddit in no time . newline newline let s post this bitch  wait . that top comment ... oh goddammit . not again . newline newline fucking ulunalovewell , every time . fuck this , i m out . newline newline ctrla , delete . newline and when the clown slipped on the banana it flew up into her vagina !  billy squeeled . the other children giggled . newline newline  billy ,  ms. henderson tried to remain stern .  settle down .  newline newline  and then ,  billy continued , not even noticing the teacher ,  the banana got stuck in there until it started to ... to ferment !  some of the children were laughing uncontrollably , others were looking at ms. henderson apprehensively . newline newline  billy , enough !  ms. henderson snapped .  this is not an appropriate story .  newline newline billy pleaded ,  but i m not using the rude words  newline newline  your subject is rude .  seeing bill and his group quiet down , ms. henderson turns back to go to her desk . newline newline at this opportunity , jake whispers  i m picky about bananas . i only take bananas fermented in a clown s vagina .  the table erupts into laughter , along with a couple kids in the next group who heard him . newline newline ms. henderson , who did nt hear jake , turns and shouts ,  silence , billy !  newline newline  it was nt me !  newline newline  now !  newline newline so quickly ms. henderson almost missed it rachel flicked a nickel across the room . the loud clang and the squeal from the hamster drew everyone s attention until a crash at green table . rachel and billy were on the ground , their chairs intertwined . newline rachel got up and fixed her chair . billy stayed down , a trickle of blood coming from his left nostril . his legs kicked feebly . newline newline ms. henderson looked from billy to rachel to scan the rest of the class . everyone but rachel was watching billy . rachel was at rapt attention , just like she usually is .  i ... i need someone to go to the office for help..  was all she managed to say . she bent down over billy and lifted him up , limp as a rag doll as she heard the door slam open . newline newline rachel ran down the hallway and ducked into the office . again annoyed at no better weapon than a pencil , she vaulted over the desk and quickly dispatched the secretary with a quieting kick to the throat followed by a pair of pencils in the eyes . she was still chokesobbing her last breath as rachel dialed her number . newline newline  cleaners .  newline newline  agent foxtrot romeo , critical extraction for priority asset . gerald ford elementary , room 107 .  newline newline  verification code ?  newline newline  golf umbrella echo sierra tango .  newline newline  acknowledged . eta 11 minutes .  newline newline rachel hung up the phone as she heard a horrified screech from the doorway to the principal s office . it s going to be a long 11 minutes .for fuck  s sake , it seems like every cunt i meet has something to say about the way i talk . i meet some guy , we talk a little bit , but not more than a minute later the fucker is saying  do you have to swear in every sentence you say ?  well guess what motherfucker , i  ve got the goddamned brain damage so yeah i guess i fucking do . listen , kiddies , when you go out on your bicycle to play with your friends , put on a fucking helmet once in a while . you  ll look like a royal prick with your head up someone  s ass , yeah , but better that that living the rest of your life with a mouth like a pirate  s asshole . newline newline i  ve learned to live with the cussing , but i  ll be god damned if everyone doesn  t think they  re the reincarnation of sherlock fucking holmes when they point it out . hey , sherlock , you think i don  t fucking know that ? that i can  t hear the words coming out of my own fucking mouth ? i mean jesus christ i  m not deaf , just a foulmouthed sonofabitch . i could point out that your clothes would make a flaming gay porn star blush , but i  m not an asshole . your fashion sense seemed to have decided that the world wasn  t worth it and decided to suck the barrel of a gun instead of sucking cock like it used to , but i don  t need to say anything because every motherfucker can see it just by looking at you . i mean , fuck , at least i need to open my mouth to look like an idiot , and splattering my head across the fucking pavement is a pretty good reason . what  s your excuse , asshole ? newline newline newline so yeah , apparently i swear a fucking lot . bite me . newlineit had been ten days since matt , anna and eliza had done it  a gruesome scene meets me whenever i walk by the living room . three days after they had slit their throats , i tried to move them , but no luck . i am too scared to touch them . the blood on the floor has hardened , leaving them stuck to the wood . just the sound of their skin becoming unstuck weirds me out too much to move them . and they re cold , oh so cold . newline newline the end of days had been exactly six years before , and it had been three since we figured we were the only four left around . there were thousands of bodies we found , and over five years , we buried most of them . it was difficult looking at the dead , let alone dragging them to their graves . after a while , we ran out of actual cemeteries , and now many of the dead are under the park . it s a shame really , the park was one of the few places we four enjoyed . it was eerily left untouched . we camped out under the stars . it was nice . after the hundredth body we buried there , our sacred land was forever unclean . newline newline it was matt s idea for us to end it . after unsuccessfully trying to repopulate the world , he figured we really were the last of our kind to survive . there was no more delaying the inevitable , and he convinced us it was better to give in to death , than run stay here in , as he liked to call it , purgatory . newline newline as soon as i saw matt slice his neck open , i knew i could nt do it . he writhed in pain . he screamed , but there was no sound , just blood . anna and eliza began crying , each holding up their knifes to their throats . anna got it over quickly . she died faster than matt . i guess she hit the right vein , or maybe she passed out as soon as she saw herself bleed out . eliza was nt so lucky . it was clumsy , to the point where she needed to do it again . she cried , tears spilling from her green eyes . she grabbed me as she died , begging for me to do something , but what could i do ? it was ugly . i vomited . i could nt do it . i wanted to die , but i did nt want pain . now they just sit there . newline newline all i have now are nightmares . i try not to go to sleep , because when i do , the same dream happens : they wake up , with eliza s neck ripping apart from the two points where she cut herself , and matt and anna follow me , asking me , very inaudibly , why i m not with them in hell . i wake up in cold sweats . i ve lost seven pounds these past ten days , and not from lack of eating . newline newline i head out for my morning routine , burying the dead . it s quite the exercise , especially when you have to drag a big , fat lump of skin to it s grave . one of the strangest things about this whole incident , is how none of the bodies have decomposed . outside of being dead , cold and grey , their bodies are all in pristine condition . even now , in the summer . newline newline after that , i m on a quest to find bullets . i found a gun a few days ago . i figured a bullet to the brain is a lot easier to go out on than slicing your neck . unfortunately , there are no bullets to be found . they seems to all have been used up . i could drive to the next town . we used any cars we could to get groceries and find cemeteries , but with no way to get gas thanks to the power going out , we had to conserve it . our first trip to find any other survivors ended up with us having to walk thirty miles back to the city after running out and not finding any other car with even a quarter of a gas left in the tank . for now , i just keep going to the more unsettling parts of town , hoping to find just one bullet to put in the chamber , but i ve gotten no such luck . newline newline there are other ways to die , but i ca nt think of a single one other than a shot to the head which would end my life quicker with minimal suffering . jumping off a building , impaling myself  all these do not sound pleasant . newline newline i constantly think of how eliza died . i felt bad for her , and was feeling selfish at how i could nt muster the strength to kill myself when she slashed herself twice . when we tried to repopulate the earth , she and i were  partners  , if that s the right term . over the years , we grew to become sort of boyfriend and girlfriend , except there was no need for labels then . we bonded , but over the course of time , grew apart . i think it was the knowledge we were it . before that fateful day , i asked why we grew apart , and she told me it was because i was her last . she fell in love with me , and would often dream of one day marrying me . but in the end times , that does nt matter . she would never get the beautiful wedding she wanted , or the kids she would love . she told me , and this hurt the most to hear , that after while , she was empty . the long , meaningful talks we had died off around year four . the sex was no longer meaningful . any love she had died with her hope . newline newline i reach the outskirts of town . i ve gotten to this point several times , most often with eliza . i sit down . it s a long trek back home , and i need to conserve my energy . then it hits me . from here on out , it s just desert . i ca nt find a bullet to end my life , but there is another way . a way i did nt think about until now . it s sweltering hot , and if i just keep walking , i can finally end it . it may hurt a bit . but i have to at least try . newline newline i get rid of my water and food supplies to resist the temptation of quenching my thirst or getting rid of the rumbling in my stomach . i start walking . i have no set direction to head toward , but i hope it leads me to death . after several hours , i m tired , yet can still feel the life in me will itself to survive . i have no idea how to suppress that will . maybe if i walk more , it ll tire itself out . newline newline i keep going . all of a sudden , memories from the world come back to me . all the fun moments of my life , from my days in high school , to my first real job after college , to my first time with eliza fill my head . i remember all the stupid things i worried about , like whether or not a girl i liked talking to some other guy on facebook meant they were in a relationship , or my grades or the time i got a scratch on my car and worried my father would have my head  it all meant nothing now . newline newline and then there she was . eliza stepped in front of me . she did nt say anything . i did nt know whether this was the afterlife , or the desert had finally got to me , and now i was hallucinating . i try to run to her , but i fall . my eyes close . please , let his be it . let this be the moment . i open them again , and there she is again , on the ground with me . i start to fall asleep . newline newline i never found the bullet to give me a painless death . but there i was , dying , and it was as easy as going to sleep . all the turmoil from the past six years was finally gone .the last time i had seen it i was only four years old . newline newline and as with any memory , it faded with age until all i was left with was a vague image and the fleeting feeling of warmth . it was the feeling that had stayed with me all these years , like a memory that my skin held onto , the warm kiss of the sun s rays , and ever since it had craved for more , always there in the back of my mind , a hunger that may never be sated again . humans need sunlight . that was what i was told . but we do nt always get what we need . and so i ve lived with the thirst for fourteen long years now . newline newline i have lived underground for all of my life along with the rest of humanity . no one knows why we did . those are memories long past and forgotten . but we do know a little of the world as it was before the darkness took over . few photos and books have survived , but those that did painted a much more vibrant picture of the earth , filled with greenery and light , warmth and a life above ground , animals and seasons and weather , of cities that grew up instead of down . newline newline i had lost myself in the stories far too many times . i knew them all by heart . there was nt much else to do in the colony otherwise besides working and surviving day by day . there were few kids my age growing up and even still kids are few and far between . mother told me that people have given up , that our time is coming to an end and we too shall be just a memory . there s always a sadness to her voice when she tells me this , but i found myself agreeing with those people more and more each year that passes in total darkness . newline newline the earth was uninhabitable , the land a cold wasteland devoid of life . the colony is the only ting that sustains us , keeps us warm , let s us carry on with our meager existence . the light within always seemed so dull compared to the sun , but my four year old mind was compromised by my immense imagination . things always seemed grander back then , full of hope , until reality sets in little by little , year by year . newline newline naturally , like my mother and father and almost everyone in the colony , my skin was pale , borderline translucent . thirsty for the sun . newline newline the sun . newline newline it invaded my thoughts almost daily . it was like a sliver of hope for humanity . if the sun came back , maybe , just maybe we could claw our way back from the brink of extinction , live life the way it was supposed to be lived . but there was no hope and mine was dwindling as well . newline newline i dreamed nightly of green as far as the eye could see , of warmth that soaked down into my bones chasing the chill away . it was hard for me to imagine , the only references i had to go on were old and faded , memories of memories . newline newline the last time the sun rose it was only briefly , teasing us with a hope that was soon dashed mere hours later as it set once again . the whole colony gathered around the atrium under the great glass dome . bright orange light had melted the ever present layers of ice and snow enough to stream rays down into the colony . everyone avoided it at first , then slowly , one by one we each took turns stepping into the bright column of light . my eyes stung and i had to squint when it was my turn . i had never felt anything like it before in my short life , but my body seemed to know that this is what it was missing . how could we live without something so essential to who we are as a species ? newline newline and then it was gone . i wish i had been older when it had happened so i could have fully appreciated it . but my memory would just have to do for now . i still had hope , no matter how small a sliver it was , that i would see it again . hope that dwindled with each passing year . newline newline ten days had passed as usual , but there was something odd . my body grew antsy and i could nt figure out why . the air seemed less biting and there was a different energy about the colony , though no one could explain it . little did we know that our life was about to change . newline newline on the eleventh day i awoke to a frenzy that stirred the colony . people rushed to the central atrium . my heart aflutter , i quickly dressed and joined the masses as the gathered around in a circle under the glass dome . newline newline at first i did nt see it , and then all at once i did and all the memories from the last time washed through me , enveloping me in their fuzzy warmth . at first it was only a speck in the ice above . the room was silent as we all watched , our attention rapt , at the growing yelloworange dot until , and it seemed like hours had passed , it finally broke through and a sliver of light beamed down onto the floor . newline newline everyone gasped at once in awe laced with a relief so subtle it was easy to miss if you were nt keen to those sorts of things . but i was and i felt it as palpable as my own . but something else began to stir within me , hope . i was nt naive to think i would ever run through a verdant field in my lifetime , but at least now i knew that the sun had nt given up on us yet . newline newline like all those years ago , we each took turns standing under the beam of bright light . i shifted from foot to foot as i awaited my turn . this was it . i was going to have the chance to experience , really savor the sun like i did nt when i was a child . the memory played in the back of my mind over and over again . newline newline and then , it was my turn . i hesitated before stepping into the light . my memory becoming a monolith in my mind . what if it does nt live up to the last time ? then my memory of it would be forever ruined . but i could nt let the opportunity pass me by . i took a deep breath and stepped into the ray . newline newline it took a moment before i could feel the warmth along my skin and it seeped down into my cold bones . i close my eyes to revel in the feeling . it was everything that i thought it would be . immediately i was transported to a field of wild flowers under a great blue sky , bright and warm . my body seemed to soak up the sun like a towel drank water . i was lost to my own reverie until i was yanked out of it suddenly by a gentle hand on my shoulder letting me know my turn was over . newline newline it took everything that i had to tear myself away from it all and step back into cold reality . dullness set in over me once again as i left the sun s embrace . mother wrapped an arm around my shoulders , but the heat was no where near that of the sun . nothing we had in the colony would ever be able to match that . newline newline a few hours had passed and the column of light began to fade once more , growing dimmer and dimmer , taking with it the hope that had ignited within me . newline i was nt ready for it to go . no one was . i could see the despair in their eyes . for many , i would later learn , that small bit of hope was crueler than if they had never seen the sun again . the ray faded back into the warm dot in the glass and as quickly as it had come , it was soon gone , leaving behind the empty darkness once more . newline newline the crowd dispersed and i was left alone under the glass dome , staring up , lost in my memories both recent and old . i had felt the sun for the second time in my life . how lucky i felt in that moment to see , to feel such a wonderful thing . because where there is light , there is hope , even if it was just a sliver of it . what do we have on his file so far ?  i asked lily as we rushed to the er . newline  his name is a john leland , 35 years old , with a history of violence .  his car crashed into a tree as he was driving , most likely under influence .  newline  anything else we need to know about ?  newline  er.. yes , doctor . he s had a long history of heroin and alcohol abuse . paramedics say he s got a broken collarbone , three smashed ribs and a punctured left lung .  newline  let me see that file .  newline newline i winced . it had been three years since i had seen that face . three years since helen and little annie had seen that face . three years since i had seen whatever his face had left for me to see at the grave . newline newline my legs fractured again . memories of that night the ones i had blocked away all these days shot through me like the familiar stabs of a dozen knives and broken bones . newline  are you okay doctor ?  lily s voice broke through the torrent and picked me up . i was curled on the floor , an arm covering my legs and the other wrapped around my head . the redness on my face burnt . newline newline i got off the floor . lily was kneeling beside me , pushing the papers toward me with her free hand , holding me steady with her other . lily was a fine nurse .  yes , i ... i m fine ...  i think . newline newline lily had never seen me like this . to tell her the reason would be to subject myself to the memories of the anguish i swore never to release .  is everything okay ? i have never seen you like this before .  newline  yes , lily . i m fine , really . it s ... it s nothing . age probably .  newline newline we entered the emergency room . the body had already been cleaned , hooked up to life support and the operable area marked out for me . i wanted to take a look at his face , but all i was allowed to see was a green sheet placed by my assistants and helen and annie s faces placed by my mind . newline newline three years i had waited to see him again . three years i kept bloodlust burning in me to find this man and do to him what he did to us . equal measures for my wife , daughter and me . and here he was , having put himself before me . he had played a gamble with his life and allowed me to cast the final die . newline newline i knew with all my heart , that i could take this man s life as i pleased , consequences be damned . he would get what came to , god in heaven as my judge . newline newline  scalpel .  a scalpel was placed in my hand . training took over as i made the cuts to remove the bone fragments from his lung . i was so close to the heart . an inch away . a quick cut and he would be done for . age was on my excuse . it was that simple . newline newline it was too simple . i would nt do it . he deserved to live . not die under anesthesia . newline newline ten days later newline newline i walked into his ward to be greeted by annie . annie , my daughter s floating image . john s eyes widened with recognition , fear replaced by curiosity .  the odds huh . thank you , doctor .  newline  it s what we do , john . we save lives .  newline newline 026i rose from a pleasant dream into a waking nightmare . newline newline harsh lights shone down above me as i blearily rubbed at my sleepcrusted eyes , staring at the figure sitting in front of me in incomprehension . he was dressed in a friggin  toga , of all things . big floppy feathered wings stuck out from his back while the thing shifted uneasily in his leather seat . newline newline apparently , he noticed me gaping at him and smiled . newline newline  ah , good ! you re awake at last ! my name is galadriel , uh , gabriel ! yes , i m the angel gabriel and i have some bad news for you , mr ...  the apparition made a show of glancing at my desk before continuing .  mr. wilson . i m sorry to be the one to break this to you , but ...  newline newline oh , right . i d been working overtime , trying to finish the bloody documents . must ve fallen asleep in the office ... newline newline  hey , hey ! listen to me here ! look , mate , it s just not gon na work out between you and laurie , alright ? you re just not her type , hmm ? and she deserves better than some guy working nine to five at a dead end job ! i mean , just look at yourself ! really , this is for your own good , you know ...  newline newline  gabriel  trailed off , fidgeting with his robes as he sat there , waiting for a response . even through the fog of sleep , i could see that something was wrong . newline newline then it hit me . newline newline  are your wings made out of styrofoam ?  newline newline  wwhat ? no ! i m an angel from heaven , and i m telling you , you re not laurie s type , buddy !  newline newline i squinted , and felt a flicker of recognition stir as i met the guy s gaze . he was getting agitated now , looking towards the open door and back at me as if deciding whether to make a run for it . at last , a name came to me . newline newline  you re fucking dylan , are nt you ? her crazy ex ?  newline newline  nno ...  newline newline  what the actual fuck , dylan ?  newline newline he bolted for the door . i did nt bother to follow him . newline newline god , i hate thursdays .when genghis khan razed my hamlet , i was the only one left living .  crawl to your king ,  he said , as i lay there beaten and bloodied .  tell of the glory of khan !  dust filled my eyes as two thousand cavalry archers trampled the ground around me . somehow i was saved from the hammer of their hooves . when they were nothing more than a dark slick on the grasslands beyond , i groaned and started crawling . newline newline  impossible ,  said the king , gnawing at his fingers right up to the knuckles .  i sent a hundred vassals to block the pass ! khan should never have got through !  newline newline  i tell you what i saw with the eyes of my blood , sir .  and then , exhausted , i collapsed . newline newline i woke up in the castle inn . there was a great hubbub , men running back and forward , knocking over beds . some of them were scrambling to get out of their robes and into their armor . others , more practical , were scrambling to get out of their armor , get into their wives  dresses , disguise themselves as women and hide in some hole . only one word could be distinguished from the chaos :  khan !  newline newline i dragged myself onto the balcony . from here i had a good view of the castle walls , the inn s balcony set at an elevation just above the lowest rung of archers . with a little panic in my heart i observed that the archers were hardly at their posts . they were running back and forward , one would crash into another and send a whole barrel of arrowshafts spilling into the courtyard , they were no better than the tenants in the inn . outside , the blare of genghis s trumpets . newline newline suddenly , white flags were raised ! i could nt believe it .  tell me it s a mistake ,  i said , grabbing a nearby knight and shaking him by the collar . he looked at the flags and shook his head . the king does not make mistakes . it was all out , balls to the walls , surrender . newline newline  no !  i shouted , down into the courtyard .  you ve got ta fight him ! he killed my family , he killed everyone !  but i might as well have been shouting into the belly of a draegon . men were hurling themselves off the walls now , preferring death to a life of mongol servitude . newline newline i went back inside , picked a kitchen knife off a table . hobbled onto the balcony and threw myself down onto the lower parapets , so quickly being abandoned by the archers . i landed heavy , and screamed  i think i must have broke my spine , i could nt move my legs . newline newline with gritted teeth , i dragged myself with my elbows , clinging to that greasy knife . archers paid me no heed , a few of them tripping over my legs in their fright . inch by inch , i dragged myself closer to the gate . the gate was opening now , some witless knights flew out of it , a frantic bid to flee the kingdom but of course we were surrounded . mongol horsemen were spilling in now , laughing sadistically , whipping at naked barons purely for fun and laughter . black arrows pierced the white flag , they would not take our surrender peacefully . newline newline then i saw him . the great genghis , on that triplebreasted warhorse . i cringed remembering what he did to my parents , what he did to my precious little sister in front of me . with the last of my strength , i rolled off the wall , and tumbled down upon him . piercing his mongol throat with that filthy kitchen utensil . we collapsed together , godless mongols howling and yollering around us .  you !  choked the khan , through a torrent of his own lifeblood .i see my calling card lit up in the sky . it surprises me every time with the consequences my actions have on the city . i suit up in my dark suit and black mask . my sidekick steps beside me , wearing a bright yellow and neon green suit . it burns my eyes . newline newline he makes his a broodish comment ,  holy gripes , marauder . we have nt had a call in quite a while . this is going to be swell .  i backhand him . newline newline  get a hold of yourself , man ... and how many times have i told you to get a new suit ! we need to be inconspicious !  i yell at him . newline newline  but marauder this suit is new .  newline newline  you know what ... just forget it .  newline newline we arrived at the scene of the crime . my archnemesis was waiting for me . newline newline  welcome , marau  he starts , but i shoot him in the face . newline newline  holy bageebus , marauder . why would you do that ? !  my sidekick proclaims . newline newline  we re done here .  i respond . newline newline  but marau  i turn my head and look at him . newline newline  i ll shoot you , too , if you say anything else .  newline newline  okay , mr. marau  i shot him in the face . sadly , those nuts at city hall will give me a replacement next week .as tim , the head of the the new horizon space program , walks in the door he shouts ,  tonight it s drinks on me guys . we made the headlines of every newspaper in the world and from now on every photo we take will be world news  but jus as he says this panic breaks out .  our sensors are going crazy sir !  ,  we are stuck in something sir !  . immediately the images are shown on the big screen . there seem to be wires all around us sir , like giant chicken wire . could this be the fabric of space itself ? is this some new type of giant planet ? did the russians do this ? newline newline all of a sudden a small person with a big mustache appears on the screen , he looks like he s about 40 years old , does nt wear clothes and seem to be having some kind of thrust engine coming out of his asshole .  hello  , he says ,  and congratulations on making to the edge of your world , you now only have two more objectives before making it to the next level  .  what the hell is happening  , tim shouts .  you do nt have to yell like that  , says the naked person ,  i can hear everything you say  . then text start appearing on the big screen . newline newline as you might have already figured out your world is only one of many , but i will have to disappoint you in saying that your world is nt real . the human species existed for many millions of years but we could not figure out what the best way to reason is . this is why we created many semiholographic worlds with each there own logic to see which one works best . you are all living in the most strict of worlds where something can never be two different things at the same time . this is not how the rest of the universe works , but you would nt understand this if i told you , because your programming wont let you .  newline newline you are however the fist holographic world to reach the edge of the hologram , but other worlds are beating you in other ways .  newline newline to win you need to :  newline newline  reach the edge of your world newline newline  be the only species left newline newline  have only one type of human on the planet newline newline there have been many great leaders on your planet trying to get rid of inferior forms of humans , but somehow they always seem to fail , i suggest you keep trying . you also still seem to be dependent on inferior life forms like animals and plants , learn to live without them and then get rid of them . once you accomplish this we will meet again .  newline newline god newlineit ... was an afterlife , jeff supposed . for hell , it could be worse . newline newline it was unpleasantly hot , of course , but jeff had a little demon who followed him with a personal air conditioner and a fan . there were requisite torture periods each day , even though  day  was really a meaningless concept here , but it was little more than a light beating and an almost pleasant soak in the lake of eternal lava . he got as much food as he could eat , and even managed to score a beer off a willing devil once in a while . the perks of having a specialized skill set down here . newline newline were it not for him , jeff concluded , this might well be considered a subset of heaven . newline newline  jeff .  the voice reverberated through the entire plane of existence . no other orders followed  none were needed . newline newline jeff climbed up the central stairs  no matter where in hell you were , they were always central when you turned around to look for them  slowly , dragging his feet . he knew better than to drag it out long enough for the voice to summon him twice , but that did nt mean he had to rush . newline newline satan was staring at his pc . smoke , more than usual , curled from the tips of his long , pointed ears . as soon as the door opened , he rounded on jeff .  it has done the thing again .  newline newline  which thing ? can you show me ?  newline newline  the thing .  satan growled the words .  the thing where nothing works anymore .  newline newline jeff glanced at the screen .  well , i think nothing is an exaggeration , do nt you ? looks like you ve got 4chan pulled up there . did it forget your login again ?  newline newline  no . this machine wo nt do anything i ask it . it is a stupid device and i would like to smash it against the wall .  newline newline  well , let s not do that again . remember how long it took last time to get your files back ?  jeff really wished it was still relevant to have a cv , he d love to add  successfully created file recovery software for an atomized hard drive , and organized a backup solution for an entire dimension  to it . newline newline  just make it work .  newline newline jeff flipped through satan s open programs . he opened up outlook and made sure that sendreceive worked . he popped up google and ran a few search queries to test internet connectivity . he ran a youtube video to make sure that streaming , and audio , were working .  well , it seems to like me well enough . can you show me what it s not doing for you ?  newline newline satan sighed , a sound that evoked the deep rumbling of an imminent earthquake below jeff s feet .  i can not make it put my picture on my facebook .  newline newline ah . social media , the curse of the modern age . at one time , jeff believed that facebook had originated from the stygian depths he now called home . these , days , however ... jeff found facebook open on the 12th tab in the 2nd internet explorer window , opened to the antichrist s profile . there were three posts , all made in the last 20 minutes , that said variations of  add the picture  and one as yet unpublished , reading  add the pic add pic load pic put the picture here i want a picture load my picture  . newline newline  do you want me to show you how to do this again ? come here , we re going to do this together .  newline newline satan resisted for a moment , then took the seat jeff offered and grabbed the mouse . newline newline  okay , so we re going to just erase everything that s here in this box first . now , is the picture in your my documents ? okay , good ! so we re going to click photo  up here on top of the box , then click here where it says browse  and we re going to go find the picture .  newline newline no sooner had lucifer clicked  browse  than a popup popped up , obscuring the window and most of the screen . in bouncing green text it demanded bitcoin to be sent to a specific wallet or it would follow through on vague threats of sending personal information to russia somewhere . jeff sighed . newline newline  did you download anything to help you put pictures on facebook ?  newline newline  yes . there was a person who said they worked for mark zuckerberg on the 4chan page and this was a program he designed so that i could just tell facebook to upload photos and it would do it .  well , that explained the posts at least .  why is it not working ? it should just do what i want it to without all these stupid games . why do they make it so hard to do something this easy ? i think they just enjoy making people mad .  newline newline jeff thought fast .  i think that program was infected by a hacker . we ca nt have someone hacking hell , right ? here , i ll get rid of the hacker and i ll upload your pictures for you , okay ? just leave this with me and i ll get rid of it .  newline newline satan considered this .  can you also get everybody loves raymond back on my netflix ?  newline newline  no , we talked about that . netflix is in charge of that  you have to talk to them about their content .  newline newline  i shall do that . you make my computer do the thing again .  newline newline the lord of death swept majestically out of his office . jeff checked the date on the last backup and prepared for an afternoon of reimaging . newline newline he s always said hell was users ...jim woke up one morning  because i decided hey , fuck why not ? let s give fuckin jim another day  . he walked to thekitchen and started pouring himself a bowl of cereal  nevermind the brand , as long as he fucking chokes to death on a piece !  upon finishing his cereal  fuck he lived ! the cunt  , jim put his dishes away but in the process , knicked his thumb on the blade of the steak knife he left out last night after dinner  i hope it s a deep cut , i hope it gets infected , i hope he bleeds out and dies from aids ! why would he get aids from a steak knife ? he would nt , i just decided jim is a flaming homosexual who fuck around a lot  . upon receiving the cut , jim quickly finished putting his dishes in the washer and then located his box of bandages . the cut was nt very deep so it does nt require stitches . jim then proceeded to get ready for his day . during his shower , he slipped  yeah ? yeah ! ?  but was able to catch himself before he hit his head on anything  oh fuck you jim !  . in the walkin closet , jim puts on his work suit and ties his tie  how about you tie the other end the a pipe and just hang there ! ?  little maxy , jims new pug runs up to him . as jim leans down to pet him , maxy bites jim s hand . jim recoils in pain and examines his hand . it did nt break the skin and little maxy already had his shots last month  aw come on ! just die already !  .jim disciplined maxy , he s trying to teach him not to bite people . maxy used to be a vicious guard dog so it s going to be a tough habit to break . jim filled maxy s bowls with food and water , said goodbye and walked out the door to his car , his new bright red ferrari  how does jim have a better car than me ?  . part of his daily commute , he goes through a sketchy part of town . stuck at a red light , jim notices a dark hooded figure walking towards him . jim is afraid now . lucky for him , the man is just coming to wash jims windshield while he s at the light . jim arrives at his office and sits at his desk . at the watercooler , jim is talking to his coworker bill . bill asked jim if he brought his red shirt to wear today like bill had advised . jim remembered his shirt . bill had been a disgruntled employee who was bent on shooting up the office because he was tired of working his ass off for peanuts .  oh my god it s finally going to happen !  jim was out on his lunch break we he heard the news about bill  god fucking damnit !  . the good news is that work was over for the next little while so jim , went home , did some light cardio and then went to bed , exhausted . jim awoke the next morning  god fucking damnit fuck me sideways god damnit fuck you jim you fucking cunt ! fuck you ! 900am  earth standard time , wake up . newline 915am est  bowel movements  erratic because of megabeef meal ordered last night from regulus iv . newline i am still sitting on the toilet and customers are banging on the door already . we do nt even open until 11 est anyway . these people need to go down to bally s total cattery on arcturus s third moon , they re open 347 . newline 10am est  start the automatic feeders . newline 1030am est  open the door early because i m tired of hearing the fucking grabulars banging on the door  tell them to piss off . i only sell for legitimate owners , not snacks . newline 1130am est  street s gone quiet , cats are mewling more than usual . newline 1135am est  holy shit . the spacepope is here . she was nt scheduled planetside for another 17 diurns . the place is a mess , i do nt have her shorthaired tabby ready , spacepope loves her tabbys . newline 1145am est  activating mandatory customer service wiretap cameras . newline interaction transcribed below : newline  newline newline customer  pope  : shopkeeper , the day is bright . newline catkeep  404  : and the suns may never set , exalted one . newline customer  pope  : the tabby is ready as requested ? newline catkeep  404  : wwell , unfortunately , i was under the , ah , impression that you would not arrive for another fortnight yet . so ... newline customer  pope  : the cat is not yet ready ? newline catkeep  404  : unfortunately , the gestation period alone is 3 weeks , so your adorable feline wo nt be ready until yyyour scheduled appointment . newline customer  pope  : i am aggravated by this news . newline catkeep  404  : customer service detects fear from employee 404 : mmy , most sincere apologies , your popeness ... but as ... newline customer  pope  : enough . shopkeep , is your customer service offline ? newline catkeep  404  : customer service detects employee 404 intends deception : of course , madame . as always . newline customer  pope  : very good we do nt want this known . i am here on more urgent business than a mere domestic feline . newline catkeep  404  : indeed ? newline customer  pope  : i have need of your eldest feline . newline catkeep  404  : customer service detects employee 404 fear : i am sorry , your most gracious popeedness , but sir fluffkers can not be disturbed unless by appointment and ... newline customer  pope  : customer service detects customer agitation , pay has been docked from employee 404 : tell fluffkers that horus is dead . newline newline customer service detects extended silence  pay has been docked from employee 404 .  newline newline catkeep  404  : impossible . newline customer  pope  : i must speak to sir fluffkers . it is of the utmost importance . newline newline employee 404 has deactivated customer service before sale transpired . employee 404 s employment contract has been terminated .  newline newline exemployee  404  : this way , madame .this shop is mine . it was my father s , his father s , and a two tongued witch s beforehand but i do nt want to remember the story i was told . i sell what i can and i buy what i can . i basically just try to keep enough to trade evenly with people so one transaction does nt empty me of gold or goods . i have a small shop , not larger than 15 square cubits . i live in the loft . my walls are adorned with weapons , armor , banners from far and wide , and clothing . i have two shelves for various books that find their way here and a chest of less delicate items such as goblets , buckets , and toys . i have a chest under the counter with items of magic , as all are not accustomed to magic . i polish a horn found and sold by a bard , scrubbing the tarnish off the bell as the slightly bent brass begins to gleam . when i am done i hang it above the back wall , as it is the only place available . bandits in the land recently have frightened travelers mostly . some are found dead missing limbs , with minimal blood nearby . no sign of bandits have been sighted though . t is strange . my thoughts are halted as the door opens . in the doorway , the night sky is partially blocked by a hooded woman of 2 meters in stature , with a naturally apealing body that should not be seen in the tavern at drinking hours . i do not lose my composure for a minute . in a small town trading post , you learn to not dislike passerbyers just as much as you learn to not like attractive visitors . as she steps in she lets down her hood and shows her shoulder length raven hair , sensually tucking a strand behind her ear then gazing at me .  good evening , shop keep .  she calls , smiling . i politely reply ,  t is more night than an eve , dear traveler .  i note , seeing her dagger and rucksack . she softly laughs and slowly walks to the counter , resting her arms on the surface and sticking her head forward playfully .  do you have items of a ahem supernatural quality ?  she asks me , trying to sound hesitant .  aye lassie i do have what you mean .  i reply , bending down to grab the chest . a basket i foolishly placed on my side causes me to turn my back as i come up with the chest . i am eye level with the coiled horn when i notice a small hole of rust , no more than a hair thick . i frown at the imperfection , but notice my reflection in the newly polished bell . the flares come shape of it distorts the image but i can clearly see the woman is nowhere in the shop .  shop keep ? are you troubled ?  she asks , bringing me out of my thoughts . i do not let on , and i act as is nothing has happened .  be a fine gathering of items !  she exclaims , rummaging through the box . she pulls out a amulet . i recognize it instantly .  sun protection . a crop gatherer must be weak skinned eh ?  i ask , a chill going down my spine . i realize suddenly . corpses on the road . limbs missing , no blood . vampires . they were chopping off limbs and biting the mangles stumps so not to be caught . they surely would not waste a drop of blood , for they are greedy hell spawns .  you could say that  she muses as she lays 40 gold pieces on the counter . i take the gold and she parts ways soon after . just moments after she leaves i silently take my strongest cross bow off the wall and load it . i open all windows and slash my arm with a knife . i yell in as much agony as i can as i knock armor over and cause a ruckus .  damn it to hell and back , i m bleeding someone help i m going to die oh agnar !  i yell , crossbow aimed straight at the doorway . the door slams open with a force of wind and the woman stands there in a carnal hunger , her eyes now glowing red and her teeth long . she tilts her head in confusion as i let loose a bolt into her heart . if it still beated before it certainly did not now . i set the bow down , and proceeded to summon the local shaman to dispose of the body . i patched my arm up and turn back to the horn .  this is a issue  .  nine p.m. wendy s . it s intermittently populated with people , and behind the counter sits a man with horns and darkred skin , dressed up in a wendy s uniform . his nametag says  ragnorak , destroyer of worlds  and he s talking to arnold , a threehundred pound man , who speaks with a very slow , dull voice .   newline newline ragnorak :  you will rue the day you were born . you will rue it . newline newline   arnold , a man so fat he does nt bother picking up his chin , stared at ragnorak with a dull expression .   newline newline arnold :  ... uh ... i ll have the curly fries . newline newline ragnorak :  we do nt have curly fries . i will not tell you again . order something else . newline newline arnold :  uh ... let me see . uhm.do you have fries ? newline newline ragnorak :  yes , earthling ! we have fries ! the naturallycut fries . would you like it in small , large , or  newline newline arnold :  yeah , no . i do nt want the fries . newline newline   ragnorak sighs , rubs his temple .   newline newline ragnorak :  okay , mortal . what would you prefer instead ? the hot irons of hell ? newline newline arnold :  no . spicy food gives me gas ... i uh ... do you have curly fries ? i would like the curly fries . newline newline   ragnorak stares at arnold .   newline newline ragnorak :  on doomsday , i will be sure to look for you . you will suffer a fate worse than death ... maggots will fester inside your skin . thousands of them , eating you , inside and out , and they will feast for years until you are nothing but an overly greasy skeleton . mark my words . newline newline   a blackshirted manager , brady , comes up behind ragnorak and slaps him on the ass .   newline newline brady :  ay , rag . how ya doin  ? everything good up here ? newline newline arnold :  the guy said i have a greasy skeleton . newline newline   brady looks at ragnorak with shock .   newline newline brady :  is that true , rag ? newline newline   ragnorak pauses , fear in his eyes .   newline newline ragnorak :  whhaat ?  never once did i mention his skeleton being anything other than weak and extremely malleable , like the rest of you mortals . except for you , brady . your skeleton is ... much stronger and  newline newline brady :  the customer never lies , rag . did you or did nt you say he has a greasy skeleton ? newline newline ragnorak :  i  well ... yes , i did indeed . but  newline newline brady :  forget it , i do nt want to hear it . this customer  newline newline   brady points at arnold .   newline newline brady :   is beautiful and perfect . his skeleton has only topnotch calcium . the only thing that s greasy and fat is his wallet . newline newline arnold :  he wo nt give me curly fries . newline newline brady :  sir , i ll help you with that . rag will go into the back himself to manually twist those fries . it s the least we can do . newline newline ragnorak :  but ... lord brady ! have mercy ! newline newline brady :  do you want me to dock your pay , rag ? is that it ? newline newline ragnorak :  dock my pay ... you mean less of those paper men ? newline newline brady :  mhm . way less paper men . newline newline ragnorak :  no , no . never . i exchange those paper men for butter . with enough time , i can crash the butter market and bring the world to heel . newline newline brady :  uh huh , sure , wacko . how about ... if you do nt want your pay to get docked , you butter shut up and go curl some fries . capische ? newline newline   ragnorak sighs .   newline newline ragnorak :  very well . newline newline   ragnorak walks away , muttering under his breathe about  the world ending in fire  and  the death of billions.    it s got ta be nyarlothep s giant treasure hoard !  bruntus gleefully shouts . for a huge armorclad warrior he sure is giddy . you look skeptically at the door and then towards your party .  let s hope the loot is nyarly , if you know what i mean ,  says halfric the mage , elbowing bruntus . you ve been traveling for six months with these immature adventurers . they may be childish , but you ve come to enjoy their company over the many fights you ve shared . now , to the door . it sits very plainly in this room of flesh and blood . plain wood . nice little doorknob . does nt look like any of the other doors in hell . they all have goat heads that seem to always be judging you . stupid goats . you remind yourself not to get distracted because the other two are nt gon na be any help . you reach for the doorknob and turn it , pull it ... nothing happens . you push ... nothing happens . you try and ram into it and bust it down ... nothing happens . you yell at the two who are arguing over why the king of hell would have a crown that s mechanical . your yells leave you nothing but a sore throat . grabbing bruntus , you tell him he needs to ram the door down . he rams it full force ... nothing happens . you ask halfric if the door is cursed or somehow magically enchanted .  this is some bottom layer hell magic ,  he replies ,  i ca nt help with that .  you grumble as the two walk off , discussing the play they saw in some village along the way to hell . you examine the door . it looks like a normal door . nothing special about it . you examine the knob and notice an inscription . you bring halfric over and he informs you that the inscription reads ,  the key lays on the head of the king  in hellscript . it s the crown ! you grab the crown out of bruntus s hand and begin to fiddle with it . you are pretty good with contraptions as you re rogue training has made you . despite your efforts , nothing works ... nothing happens . you comb through shelves of the hellking s books . nothing ... absolutely nothing . you go back to look at nyarlothep and notice something glimmering on his head . you lean in closer to see a key , perched on his tiny head . you were surprised at the size of the king of hell s head , as he was so large and intimidating everywhere else . you inspect the key , seeing an inscription that reads ,  not what you expected , huh ?  you grumble something about how funny helllords think they are as you insert the key in the door . as you slowly pull the door open you see a glimmering light . a light so fierce it could blind a man . a light that fades away to show ... . a goat head . the goat head stares at you . you stare back . you look at each other for a while . his judging eyes eventually get the best of you and you slam the door . you call down nyarlothep s elevator to the surface , all the way grumbling about how this trip was worthless . as all three of you ride up to the surface , you realize that there was absolutely nothing there . no treasure or anything ... as you reach the surface something seems off but you do nt know what . you approach a crossroads and the other members of your party head for the tavern . as you approach your cabin , you notice two hooded figures installing a door . you run them off and slam your new goathead door , grumbling something about demons and their sense of humor . newline newline newline   i just sorta did this without any thought ... hope it s ok   i need you to understand something before i kill you .  the gun was cold and heavy in my hand , it s presence familiar , it s purpose tonight alien and strange .  the world will not mourn you .  his eyes held mine , his gaze firm and unflinching . the inhumanity there hardened my resolve . newline newline  there are monsters in this world  human ones ,  i could see their faces , so young and innocent , cold in death .  preying on children is unforgivable .  i could feel the gun rising , hammer cocked .  you deserve worse for what you ve done .  still the eyes held mine , seeking no forgiveness . newline newline  urges are no excuse , we re not animals .  maybe he was  his eyes were predatory , no conscience there .  we have the luxury and damnation of choice  and you chose wrong .  did i have the right to make that decision ? there were legal recourses ... the gun faltered for a moment before my resolve hardened .  maybe i have no right to judge you  but that will be my choice . my damnation .  newline newline my finger tensed on the trigger , taking it just short of the point of no return .  the world will not miss you when you re gone .  still the eyes held mine , unflinching , a slow smile growing there  he did nt think i had the strength .  i need you to understand something before i kill you .  i saw a flicker of fear for the first time .  i will kill you because their pain has given me the strength .  the gun stopped shaking ,  i will kill you because you ve given me no other choice .  newline newline the single shot echoed in the night  no one would report it  no one would even pay attention at this time of night , not in this part of town . they would nt find him for days , blood pool cold and tacky in front of the mirror , gun in hand , a faint smile frozen on his face . newline she said she  d be here  newline newline  i don  t see anyone but the twos of us  newline newline  look man , i really don  t want to start any trouble . she  s bringing the money , i told you !  newline newline  i  m a real charitable guy . don  t i look like a real charitable guy ?  newline newline  spitting image.  newline newline  real charitable . but johnny , i can  t keep letting you off the hook like this . it  s bad for business . think of it as a lesson in finances.  newline newline  so what the fuck are you gon na do to me ? cut of my toe and send it to my mother ? kill me ? what kinda lesson do i learn then ?  newline newline  calm down johnny , you  re getting hysterical . i  m not gon na cut off your goddamn toe . you know that  s not really my area of expertise . hey frank !  newline newline  frank ? you brought frank with you ? you said it was just the two of us !  newline newline  and you told me your girl would be here . like i said , i ain  t gon na cut off your toe . but frank , well you got ta be careful not to give a guy like frank ideas.  newline newline  hey johnny , how ya been ?  newline newline  don  t play nice with me frank , we both know what  s happening here.  newline newline  then let  s not waste any more time . ever since sentient life evolved on this excruciatingly mundane rock , it s been my ohso entertaining job to bring them where they belong once they croak . i can sense each one slowly slipping from life , loved ones hysterically grieving , the last few heartbeats , and then ... nothing . show time . newline newline i can appear to them however i want , so this is where i have a little fun . final judgement is nt up to me , but if you were an asshole in life , buckle up . you re about to wake up with your worst nightmare staring you in the face . i m particularly fond of showing up doing the whole robed skeleton wielding a scythe thing . scares them shitless hilarious . i go easy on the kids and genuinely good people though i ll show up as a friend or parent or something . then we have the same conversation as always . yes , you re dead . no , i m not anubischaronst . peterwhichever gatekeeper du jour . they love coming up with new ones every couple of centuries . and where you ll end up next is not up to me . you re about to find out . newline newline on and on , over and over for millennia . fun , right ? i imagine this is how a mortal working in a cubicle feels . i do nt know who has it worse . once again , i feel the pull . somebody s about to kick . the pull was somehow fainter , more distant , but the job had gotten so monotonous it did nt even register . i feel him finally croak , but just before i make my grand entrance , i finally realize it . newline newline well , this is interesting . newline newline i appear on a barren landscape next to a bubbling ocean . jupiter looms above , taking up most of the sky . i look down , and see it lying on the shore . i chuckled mother nature is nt too creative , is she ? it looked so much like life back on earth . it had clearly been struggling to get on land , using the halfdozen fleshy paddles under its body to try and walk . this must have been the first creature to leave the ocean . good job , little guy . one small step for ... whatever the hell you are . newline newline i take its soul . it ca nt quite communicate with me , but i know it s selfaware . that s why i m here , after all . i can sense its fear , and i do my best to convey a sense of calmness to it . it s the least i can do for such an important little organism . no history will remember him , but that step he took might just be the most significant event to ever take place on that moon . we reach the gate . newline newline boss , it happened again . well , kids , it all started in 2020 ,  the teacher said .  the 3 sections of the united states were separated into three different countries .  newline newline  what s the united states ?  dolly asked . newline newline  it s what this land used to be called ,  the teacher answered . newline newline  my great great grandaddy said that the united states was quite a sight to see before the war ,  bobby chimed in . newline newline  yes , yes it was ,  the teacher said .  now back to the lesson . the three countries were tired of a war that had lasted for years and were making a big push , where all three of them entered battle at the same time . the nation of texas had overstepped its bounds , thinking that the united western kingdom were a bunch of hippie pussys . and they thought they could try to conquer the eastern united states at the same time . all the way from maine to mississippi .  newline newline  well , they were mistaken . both the united western kingdom and eastern united states decided that they would conquer the nation of texas and split the land 5050 , and then decide what to do about each other afterwards . a temporary treaty .  newline newline  so , what happened in the big battle ?  another student asked . newline newline  well ,  the teacher started ,  texas got pissed . and one of the eastern united states generals thought that it would also be a good time to try to conquer the western kingdom while they were unprepared . texas fired a nuke . the western kingdom got wind of the general s attack from the eastern united states and fired a nuke . soon , the eastern united states joined in .  newline newline  and then , russia thought it was an excellent time to fire some nukes of their own . so did north korea . and so some old systems that had been forgotten about in the united states launched the nukes automatically back at the other countries . when one targeted north korea , china got in on the action too . and soon , the united states , russia , north korea , and china all went up in flames and destruction . and so ended the civil war of the united states .  newline newline  then how can we be where the united states used to be ?  john asked . newline newline  because ,  the teacher began ,  three states survived the nukings . north dakota , south dakota , and iowa . they decided to join with canada , and that is why we are all canadians instead of americans nowadays .  newline newline  why did the three states survive ?  madeline asked . newline newline  well , to be honest ,  the teacher said .  people forgot they existed . no one even bothered to target a nuke at those states . some people will go to such ridiculous lengths to get published . newline newline have you ever tried to get published ? if you have , i  m sure you realize how degrading the experience can be  unless you  re very lucky , your heart gets transmogrified into dozens of rejection letters .  maple dog blues  was the perfect short story , and constantly being told it needed revision was the purest hell i could imagine . i spent the better part of my twenties trying to show the world my talent , my genius , and for what ? something to pass the time until my thirties . my thirties . newline newline in the end , i had to resort to this ... this stunt in order to get noticed . i decided to turn it into a short film . newline newline first , i needed the perfect setting . that was easy : nobody had used the old textile mill since it shut down in the 1950s . a few quick months of cleaning , reinforcing the walls , and securing all windows and doors so they couldn  t be tampered with or opened from the inside , and the stage was set . the script was already there  all i needed was to make it accessible to the players . newline newline casting was a much trickier task  i  d become more intimate with my dramatis personae than i  d ever been with any human being . i knew them inside and out , and taking the time to see a human  s insides might be a fun diversion , but it would bring me no closer to my goals . there was also the fact that i needed to be able to find people who not only resembled those figments of my imagination who needed to be seen as real , but could do proper justice to their spirit , their quirks , their flaws , and most importantly their archetypes . newline newline fortunately , i lived about an hour outside of l.a. , where there were more actors and actresses than atoms . newline newline it took the better part of a year , hundreds of dollars  worth of theater tickets , several auditions for shows i had no interest in being cast for , and a lot of patience , but i found them . well , most of them . barry , my main character , was difficult as hell . so i had to improvise , as they say in show business . newline newline after procuring a van and several months  worth of dried food and bottled waters , in addition to a small amount of roofies , i collected my cast and brought them to the mill . newline newline when they awoke , they each watched a training video i  d made for them , explaining the importance of  maple dog blues  and bringing to the world its message of contentment with your situation . they needed to be patient while i found my barry , but they had food and company  and , behind thick panes of glass , the script , conveniently printed off and mounted every ten feet along every wall . newline newline i watched them with pride as they overcame the initial squabbles and pissing contests that all hollywood types initially go through , whining about their families and such , and finally getting into the spirit of things . they discussed my story , its themes , and who they were supposed to be . de niro was slowest to get into the swing of things , but by the end of the first year , he owned the role of glenn the buddhist barber . and jennifer lawrence  how could someone be that cute without makeup or shampoo and not be chloe , the estranged love interest back from studying in the orient ? newline newline it was a few weeks after i brought them to the set that i came up with the idea of a documentary  i searched all the security camera footage i  d collected , noting elements that would make up a great  making of  featurette one day . and just like how you always find that pencil you were trying to find when you  d put it out of your mind , it was while i was buying a bigger external hard drive so i could store all my video that i found him . newline newline all this time , and barry hadn  t been an actor waiting for the part of a lifetime  he was a college age kid working at best buy . how could i have been so blind ? barry had to be a breakout role for a total newcomer . obviously ! newline newline so now i  m scouting the best buy , waiting for the perfect time to approach zachary with his new role . his face is going to look perfect on the cover to  maple dog blues  , rolling his eyes at the motley crue of supporting characters while the villain  an amoral banker , played by the guy from the comic book store on  big bang theory   sneered in the background . newline newline and when the police find the dvd , with its beautiful story , its  making of  featurette , and its blooper reel  oh , the crying !  , along with the bodies of the most dedicated cast in hollywood history , they  ll know  maple dog blues  was the perfect story . newline newline i think i might approach john williams to do the score .the sound of tearing metal echoing down the corridors of the ship was their only warning . newline newline  she s taking on water !  someone screamed as the lights winked out plunging them into darkness . james snapped to attention and threw his feet over the bed . going by touch , he felt his way to the door that linked his small cabin to the larger one next to it . newline newline  sir ?  he called out into the darkness ,  are you there , sir ?  newline newline  james ?  a gruff voice , still heavy with the sounds of sleep , replied ,  is that you ?  newline newline  yes , sir ,  james said patiently ,  we must depart at once . i fear our ship is no longer seaworthy .  newline newline he heard lord winfield stagger to his feet . james stepped forward and gripped his employers  shoulders . he felt a think nightshirt covering the man s ample frame . not good . newline newline james rushed to the wardrobe and rummaged in it by touch . the smoking jacket was unsuitable . a dinner jacket impractical . at last his fingers brushed against the felt lining of a heavier coat . it would hardly shield his employer from the cold for long , but it was better than the flimsy sleepwear the man was now wearing . newline newline  if you please , sir ,  james said as he brushed the coat against mr. winfield s arms . the man took the signal and started slipping his arms inside . the ship shuddered once and a low groan filled the air as if something were protesting some new punishment . newline newline  i suggest alacrity , sir ,  james murmured . winfield had the coat in place and they exited the room together only to be swallowed up by the mass of humanity without . it seemed as if every available inch of room in the corridor was filled with the press of bodies . there was scarcely room to breath . winfield shuddered at the thought of the lower classes that were brushing past in their eagerness to find safety . newline newline  to the lifeboats ,  james called out ,  we have to make it there , sir ! !  newline newline the ship groaned once more . but this time the groan was followed by a jarring sensation . something had broke . screams filled the air up ahead followed by the sounds of rushing water . newline newline  back !  james said ,  back the way we came , sir !  newline newline  but that will take us back towards steerage !  winfield protested . newline newline  better that than attempting to best the ocean at her own game !  james countered . newline newline the crowd ran with them . they were making better time than before but the sound of water continued to advance . again the ship shook and a bolt of light speared into the darkness . after so long of fighting in pitch black the sight of moonlight was blinding . moonlight ? winfield realized with a start that a rent had appeared in the hull beside them . the ship was falling apart even as they fled . newline newline he felt someone tugging on his arm and he fought the urge to smack the presumptuous person away . instead he looked and met james  gaze . newline newline  this way , sir !  his butler called out ,  i think i may have a way out !  newline newline winfield nodded and followed the butler down the corridor . water puddled around their feet . the water was cold and sent icy dagger up along winfield s bare legs . james led the way to a branching corridor that was less crowded . winfield followed . newline newline a flight of stairs led downwards from there . for the moment it was not completely flooded by the stairs had already become a waterfall . james took the stairs two at a time and winfield was forced to follow . the cold salt water came up to his knees now . he looked around and realized where they now were . cargo . newline newline james led the way towards winfield s piercearrow motor car . what the devil ? newline newline the car had been lashed to a large wooden platform for stability and to prevent scratching . the water was creeping up the sides of the vehicle and had half swallowed the tires . james waved winfield into the vehicle , the top was down fortunately , and set about gathering jugs , barrels , and everything else he could find that was buoyant in the hold . with quick and efficient movements , he tied these to the sides of the platform the car sat upon . after a half dozen such trips , all while winfield shivered with a mixture of terror and hypothermia , the car lurched . for one heart stopping moment winfield feared the boat was breaking apart once more . but , no , it was the automobile . it was starting to float . his butler was crafting a raft out of the debris in the cargo hold ! newline newline after a few more items were secured to the improvised raft . james climbed on board and used a scavenged pole to push the craft awkwardly through the water . they arrived at the gates and james pushed the raft against the wall . there winfield spied a wheel that james had to brace himself against the leather seats to force it to turn . slowly the gates began to part . it allowed more water in , yes , but the boat was still slightly buoyant in the sea . the expected onrush of frigid seawater never came . instead , as soon as a gap was wide enough for them to use , james pushed their raft outside the sinking ship . winfield gasped as he saw stars break over head . newline newline they had made it ! newline newline life boats splashed into the water all around them and people in the water called for help . winfield met the gaze of his employee and noted the man looked positively embarrassed . newline newline  james ?  winfield asked his butler ,  what is the trouble ?  newline newline  sorry , sir ,  james admitted humbly ,  i am afraid that in my haste i neglected to gather certain supplies . the vehicle should provide us some comfort and protection , but i did not gather food . if you will permit me , i think i can improvise a fishing pole . if you permit it , i cam even set a campfire on the hood of the vehicle but i fear it may damage the paint . still , if you permit this sacrifice , i should be able to cook dinner .  newline newline winfield nodded weakly and james took that as a signal to begin working on his equipment . within moments james had unraveled a length of string from his shirttail and wound it around the end of his pole . he then liberated a nail from a scrap of wood and bent it by pressing it at an angle against the pallet below them . he then set about searching for suitable bait . winfield could only stare in wonder . this extraordinary man was a mere butler ? he would have died without the assistance of the man . newline newline  help !  a voice called just to the side of their craft . winfield rushed to the edge of the raft and reached into the water . his hand went numb as the icy waters robbed the heat from him . still , he maintained sufficient control to grasp the flailing arm he found there . heaving with a backwards lurch , he dragged the man out of the water . newline newline the new man sputtered and coughed up a lungful of seawater . winfield could only stare at the man . the man s jacket had been patched at the elbows and looked too thin for the night air . the rest of his clothes also showed signs of frequent mending . the half drowned man looked up and met winfield s gaze . with a start the man seemed to shrink back in on himself . newline newline  lord winfield !  the man gasped ,  i m so sorry ! i did nt realize i was intruding on your . . . i was just . . . you see . . . !  newline newline  it s all right !  winfield interrupted as he waved towards the pierce arrow ,  get inside and try to dry off before you catch your death .  newline newline the man looked at him with eyes filled with disbelief , but silently obeyed . james , for his part , was now perched upon the trunk and casting off the rear of the raft and dragging the line behind them . newline newline  sir ?  the rescued man said through chattering teeth ,  you re a lord and i m a commoner . why did you save me ?  newline newline winfield glanced back at his butler and smiled . newline newline  when you fish upon a star , it makes no difference who you are ,  he declared .sixtythree years ago , ink was outlawed . newline newline it was the fatalistic and blind attempt of a new radical religious order , operating in the chaos after world war iii , that brought decree . newline newline their line of thinking was simple , even if mad : newline newline hate brought the war . newline newline difference of opinion begat hate . newline newline education bred difference of opinion . newline newline books engender education . newline newline ink is the blood of books . newline newline newline their spokesperson , ylvinia tolstoy ,  yes , the irony was not lost to our grandparents either  was the leader of the religious group . at first they operated secretly , burning down a library , bombing computer server banks , but as time went on they sought larger prey . newline newline  join the free daughters ! join the revolution ! cast down those who brought this ash and ruined world upon us !  newline i was young at the time : young and stupid . newline i left my family to join the free daughters , thinking i could make a difference , thinking i knew everything . newline newline i remember standing before her , awestruck , but trying my best to look intimidating , or at the very least , worthy . it was laughable . i was a stick of a girl , shivering as the wind blew through my heavy fur coat . i remember trying to scowl , something frightening , but there was no hesitation in ylvinia s eyes when she stopped in front of me . a breath of snow snaked around the hood of my coat , landing on my bare neck . i fought the urge to wince at its touch . newline newline  name .  newline newline  helva , maam .  newline newline  you stand before me like a reed , thinking itself to be an oak . i see through you .  newline newline i did nt have an answer . i braced against her words , doubt crackling across my mind , my father s redcheeked worried face as i left ... newline newline  you are here because you believe in something ? look at me , reed .  newline newline i did nt hear her . i was staring at ylvinia s boots . they were a shiny blue leather , rusted iron peeking out from the toe of the left one . on her ankles hung thick socks of gray wool , bunched in a rising tower of waves clinging to her defined calves . newline newline her boots , her socks , her whole visage were perfect ... and not so . signs of wear were obvious : spider webs of cracks across a leather belt , frayed edges and dangling strings from her cobalt colored fleece coat . even the socks themselves were not spared , the right one showing a tear down the inside of her ankle . inside , her glistening skin showed , pearlwhite and taut , overlain with a latticework of thin black lines , like obsidian lace ... . i tilted my head , peering at the tear   newline newline the front of her left boot collided with my hip , crumpling me to the snowy ground . newline newline  is your attention divided girl ? does the reed find it difficult to bend an ear as easily as it bends its neck ?  ylvinia stepped forward , her boot against my chest , pressing me into the snowbank where i had fallen . newline newline  no maam !  i shouted , coughed really , trying to regain any hope of composure . newline beneath her sock , i could nt get the image out of my mind ... newline newline  why are you here ? ! what need have i for someone as feeble , raw , and untrained as you ?  her heel lifted slightly as her toe dug hard between my ribs . my eyes watered in pain , but i barely bit back a scream , my teeth digging into my bottom lip . i tasted iron as i looked her in the eye . newline newline on her leg , beneath the sock , i had only seen a pattern like that once before : in my father s prized possession , a battered encyclopedia with the phrase ,  volume : t  on the front . newline newline my eyes narrowed in contest to ylvinia s burning glare . newline my lips cracked as i spat ,  you need me , as any river needs reeds . i may bend , but i will not budge from my place .  i took a grip on her ankle with one hand  one finger slipping inside her sock  and pulled it harder into my ribs . the pain blossomed red around my eyes , but i refused to blink .  you need me , because i am not who i seem .  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline  newline newline  nbsp  newline newline really interesting prompt . i enjoyed it , and the challenge of it was nice . hopefully you enjoy reading my interpretation of it ! newline newline edit : some grammar newline  good afternoon , i speak to you as the last president of the united states of america . newline we are done , i  m sorry to say this but as a nation  no we can  t  . newline we have shown time and time again that we are unable to think of our fellow man , we are unable to function as a nation with liberty and justice for all . newline today that ends , we will no longer be led by someone who is only thinking of what they can do to be reelected  making promises that appeal to the masses even if they are to the detriment of our future . no more , we can not sustain this . newline we consume , but we do not contribute . we value those famous for poor reasons , and we ignore our farmers who provide our bread  our teachers who educate the next generation , our engineers who build our cities . i could continue for hours about the people we under value , but i think if you look inside you will be able to make your own list . newline big business that does not contribute , i  m afraid your time is up , we will no longer accept you getting fat whilst we carry you . you will now give back what you have pillaged from this nation , the money will be used to improve our sustainability , we will bring our manufacturing back onshore , we will maximize the potential of our farms , we will hire the best educators for our next generation , as we are nothing without our future . we will rebuild our nation to be great for our children , not a crumbling husk that will collapse around them . newline we have appointed ourselves world police , but we can not police our own back yard , what is wrong with us ? our answer to gun violence is more guns , and we can not see the fundamental problem with this ? we as a nation are stupid , our allies have taken guns out of the hands of the people , and gun crime has been nearly eradicated . we have continued to arm ourselves , and at every turn have shot our innocents  children have died , teenagers have died , adults have died . newline did any of them deserve to be murdered ? i personally don  t think so , but i have been fought at every turn to disarm these people . today i stand before you broken , it is time to clean up our own backyard before we turn our attention to a global scale , it is time to end this violence and hand in the guns . i do not buy the fact you need that gun for self defense  self defense does not involve the murder of your fellow citizen . i have sympathized with the relatives of the dead , i have uttered meaningless platitudes as your president designed to alleviate the grief of your fellow citizen , but to put it bluntly what they needed was for their loved one not to have been shot dead . so i repeat , enough , no more guns . starting tomorrow you will be handing them in . newline i am not the man who will lead this once fine nation to realize its potential . i have tried , but i have fallen short at every turn . i announce to you , i am not the change you hoped for , i am not your beacon of light in this time of great darkness . newline so today i stand before you and offer you my resignation as the president of the united states of america .   newline newline you should remember this speech class , this is the  no we can  t speech  from barack obama dated january the 2nd 2016 , this is acknowledged to be the dawn of change . newlinerancho cucamonga was a crappy suburb in l.a. filled with ranch style homes that have 5 digit address numbers . it has strip malls , a downtown , and plenty of parking everywhere you look . like most l.a. suburbs , it has its share of crime , but what sets rancho cucamunga apart is that it has its very own selfproclaimed super villain . he called himself the heretic and he terrorizes the town by robbing liquor stores and marijuana dispensaries . he and his henchmen also like to tear through the neighborhood on their loud cars and set off other people s car alarms . the heretic wore a dark costume with a black cape and a pointed hood . he and his henchmen liked to wear a big  h  on their chest . newline newline the heretic s criminal activity is kept in check by a fellow with the name of midnight skunk , who was rancho cucamonga s resident super hero . midnight skunk was one of these heroes that did nt really have any superpowers , other than being in really good shape and doing all sorts of martial arts . he did at one point have the ability to spray a foul odor out of the tail of his costume , but some residents complained and he had to drop it . he still likes the tail , however , and wears it with his black and white costume when he fights crime . newline newline these two have been feuding for almost 5 years when it was suddenly brought to a tragic end . it happened one day when the heretic and his crew were trying to rob a marijuana dispensary for the drugs and the money . there were five of them  the heretic brought along 4 men as backup . three of his men had been long time associates but the fourth man was brand new . the new guy was not allowed to carry a gun and was supposed to be the get away driver . he waited outside while the robbery was going down . newline newline inside the dispensary , the heretic had all the customers and workers tied up with duct tape . his three henchmen were looting the place . as the heretic began to gloat and terrorize the hostages , in jumps the midnight skunk ! newline newline  fear not , citizens ! it is i , the midnight skunk here to rescue you !  the superhero said . he began fighting with the heretic s men . the heretic was a small man who was no good in fights . he stood back and gathered the money and loot . somehow , midnight skunk was able to get a jump on all three of his henchmen and disarm them before they could get a single shot off . the terrified hostages looked on with amazement . as they kept fighting , the heretic made his way to the getaway vehicle . newline newline as he approached the door , he saw his fourth henchmen approaching . newline newline  are you alright , boss ?  he said .  i saw the midnight skunk !  newline newline  get back in the car !  the heretic said ,  i told you to stay in there !  newline newline just then the fight between midnight skunk and the heretic s henchmen spilled onto the street . the fourth henchman reached into his pants and brought out a 9mm pistol . he fired two shots at the midnight skunk and hit him in the chest and stomach . the midnight skunk screamed , dropped , and did not get back up again . the other three henchmen were stunned . newline newline  you fool !  the heretic said ,  get in the car and get out of here now !  newline newline they all escaped in their getaway vehicle and did not stop until they were back in their hideout . all during the drive , the heretic did nt say a word . he remained silent until they were sure no one was following them . newline newline  you were nt supposed to have a gun !  the heretic said . newline newline  what ? i thought you d be happy ! i finally got that skunk !  the new henchman said . newline newline the other henchmen looked down and the heretic sighed . he began to explain to the new henchman why he was so upset . as it turns out , the heretic and midnight skunk had been cooperating . each time midnight skunk stopped one of the heretic s robberies , they would put on a fight , but midnight skunk would always let the criminals get away . in exchange , the heretic and his men would not hurt the superhero and this allowed midnight skunk to keep fighting crime and selling his action figures . it was beneficial for both because the police generally stayed out of their feud . now , everything was ruined . newline newline the heretic pulled out revolver from his holster and pointed it at the new henchman . the others did the same with their guns . newline newline  wait , please , i m sorry , please give me another chance ! i ll do anything !  the man begged . newline newline  anything ?  the heretic said .  we need a new midnight skunk .  newline newline  oh ... okay ...  the man said . a look of hope entered his eyes . newline newline  hmm ... . yes , maybe you can be the new superhero in our little arrangement  the heretic said .  we got ta think of a name and costume  newline newline  hey , that sounds great ! can i get a costume without a tail ?  the henchman asked . newline newline  no !  the heretic said ,  the tail is part of the bargain !  newlinehe woke up . newline newline isaac was in an endless black void , save for a gilded pathway . it lead directly forwards and ended immediately behind him . he was awestruck with the scenery , or lack thereof . newline newline finally , after a long while of walking , he arrived at a doorway . the walls clean concrete , with a solid wooden door blocking the way . he opened the door , and the road broke off . he stepped through . newline newline isaac stumbled into a lobby . the door and wall completely disappeared . gold lined the marble walls and floor , with an intricately designed mosaic put onto the ceiling . golden chandeliers hung from the ceiling , endlessly burning candles . the room extended outwards into a hallway . of course , with no turning back , he had to investigate the hallway . newline newline the doors were made of a dark wood . a sign above each door said something interesting .  holy  was the first door to the right , with  vietnam war  to the left . he peeked into  holy  first . newline newline the room was completely different from the ornate hallway . all of the walls seemed to emit a white glow . on the left , there was an odd blade labeled  lance of longinus  hung on the wall . according to a placard , the lance of longinus was stuck into jesus when he died on the cross . to the right , there was an ancient roman short sword , sheathed . isaac decided to step out of the room , it made him uncomfortable . newline newline he decided to step into  vietnam war  . the floor was dirt , was filled with mud puddles , and the walls were lined with trees and tanks . the displays showed several guns , from sidearms to mounted guns . he stepped out , not interested . newline newline he walked down the hallway , investigating some rooms .  world war one  had a trench on a rainy day ,  fifties futurism  had extremely fakelooking laser guns on a moon set , and  ultimate danger  was just a concrete room with a nuclear detonator it it . finally , he reached the end of the hallway . there was a large door labeled  oversized  . a voice deep in his mind called out for him , telling him to enter . newline newline he entered the room . he was greeted by a fat man nuke , along with antiartillery guns and cannons . something within him told him to go along the rows until he found his weapon . the line of guns went on for eternity , until he found his weapon . the weapon that he could use best . newline newline it was a gustav gun . newline newline fuck .i once asked major novak if he believed in god . newline newline he told me he did not , but he sure as hell believed in the devil . when i asked him why he told him , i see him every time i look in the mirror .  newline newline  newline newline the heavy ppc blast hit the pirate srm carrier in its ammunition bays , the remaining two tons of the shortrang missiles tearing the sixty ton vehicle apart in a blaze of fire and burning metal . almost miraculously one of the crew members was not killed instantly . instead one pirate , likely the driver pulled himself out of the inferno , his clothes and skin shrouded in flames . perhaps it was major tycho novak s imagination but he swore he could hear the man screaming through several inches of armored glass as his flesh melted off his bones and eyes burst under the intense heat . novak could see one of dust company s battle armor soldiers near the dying pirate . he shook his head and witched his comm system to the infantry channel . newline newline  do nt shoot . let him die slow .  newline newline the battle armor trooper glanced up at his fiftyfive ton wolverine ,  waving a battle clawed hand to signify that he understood before he continuing on , leaving the pirate to writhe and contort in agony , his limbs curling together as his skin blackened and cracked . major novak pushed his throttle forward , the shadow of his battlemech crossing over the smoking corpse for a brief second . newline newline elsewhere the pirates were retreating pell mell , leaving their comrades high and dry in an effort to make it to safety . worthless bastards . all that did was hasten their demise . a platoon of pirate infantry took refuge in a farmer s barn , daring any of novak s grave guards to near . sergeant yuri petrenko in his firestarter advanced towards them , ignoring the splash of machine gun and rifle fire that sparked off his black painted armor . several of the pirates began throwing their weapons out of the windows at the sight of the terrible mech , waving handkerchiefs to signal their surrender . no sell . newline newline whumpth !  newline newline from just sixty meters away , the firestarter lived up to its name , its four flamers sending a massive spray of superheated fusion exhaust over the defenders . the bone dry wood of the barn caught instantly , the men lit like moths to a candle . grave guard infantry took pot shots at anyone trying to escape , waiting until the screaming stopped and the only sound was that of the crackling flames . newline newline major novak pressed forward , taking an occasional shot as a foe moved into view . an enemy locust crossed his vision and he reacted instantly , squeezing the trigger to his heavy ppc and sending a stream of manmade lightning across the smoking battlefield . the blast snapped the twenty ton mech s left leg clean off , sending the tiny machine tumbling . he did nt see an ejection seat . pilot must ve disabled it . he spied a lone pirate crawling away , his legs shredded to uselessness . an autocannon round must ve exploded close to him , as there was a blackened piece of earth and a spread of bodies around it . a streak of red stained the ground behind the crawling figure . even moving at ten kmh he easily caught up to the wounded man , his crosshairs leveled over the blood stained tunic of the pirate and his finger hovering over the trigger . he shook his head and lifted his finger . newline newline not worth the effort .  newline newline instead he pushed his throttle forward , his metal feet thudding closer and closer towards the crawling pirate . the man started screaming , blubbering fervent prayers . he lost sight of the man below his view but knew the man died as his screams were suddenly cut off underneath fiftyfive tons of death . major novak continued on , the bloody remains of a man left in his wake . it s great to finally meet you ! you know , we have nt had visitors in a few years now . and boy , things have changed . with the new ore deposits we found , we were able to improve our work ten fold . we have large , beautiful parks and towers that reach the skies ... .  newline newline you look , slightly disappointed . newline newline  i know , i know , there s no windows but you ll see it soon .  newline newline you start to walk down a long , white corridor . the door behind you closes , leaving the small ship in the dock . the walls seem to continue forever . newline newline  patience is key . i had to remind myself that every day since i came here . it was easier , at first . ever since we figured out how to travel faster than light i knew my dream could become a reality . we already had cloning machines then , but no room . overcrowding and all that . well , you should know , you read the history books , i m sure . how old am i to you now , 110 ? 120 ?  newline newline you shrug . newline newline  well , 120 sounds about right anyway . so i found this place . perfect planet , perfect climate year round . like i found the garden of eden . i landed , or should i say we . i had already made 70 clones by the time we landed . we got right to work . we were here to build the best civilization ever even dreamed of .  newline newline  that s right !  you look over , and the same image pops into view .  we have made the most advanced and well made cities ever created by humans . everyone lives in comfort .  newline newline  seriously , everyone !  a third appears .  we have no poverty , no illness  not even mental illness  no problems , no stress .  newline newline  we all live quite content .  you look back . it s the original talking again . you think .  oh ! you look confused . since it s hard to tell us all apart , we put on name , or rather , numbered tags for you . this is clone 891 , and here is clone 42 . one of the first !  newline newline  yes , i remember landing on this planet ,  42 recalls .  seeing land for the first time . it was incredible . and you will feel almost as incredible when you see the city !  newline newline  it ll knock your socks off   newline newline  if you re wearing any !   all three say suddenly . it was as if it was rehearsed . even their laughing was together . newline newline  anyway , i guess it s finally time . 42 , 891 , please excuse us .  newline newline just then , the blank white wall opens up to reveal a door .  please , the city is right this way .  the door shuts behind as you realize there are still no windows . newline newline  i am just so glad you came here . you will love our city . it is just such a pleasure to live here . you ll find all the comforts of home . just tell us and anything you need can be made . you ll never want to go back .  newline newline you walk up to the opposing wall . white everywhere . no city in sight . newline newline  oh there s a city out there . like you ve never dreamed . and fifty more . maybe even hundreds by now . you can see it  all the buildings the same , each tower parallel to the next and next and next  all order , no imperfections . artificial . unnatural . newline newline  there is nothing here except me . no other people , not even other animals . every city i visit has the same structures , same art , same music , same people . there may be thousands of bodies but it s all one mind . one mind controlling these drones that all think the same , laugh the same , interact the same . it s all me . when i left earth , all alone , i thought that i would be bringing humanity , even saving humanity as i developed this place , but i realize now that we left it far behind . we are aliens . something new , something horrible created by a project gone perfectly right . newline newline  and so , you came . you are needed here by all of us , all of me . society can not survive on one mind but you can save ours . and you will . i really do hope you enjoy your extended stay . we are so glad you could join us .  newline newline                          newline newline so , this is my first ever submission to this sub ! it was fun to write . i guess i did take a bit of a creative liberty with the prompt but i think it fits well enough . and i do want to say that i am not actually insane , but if i were stuck with a whole bunch of me s ... who knows what could happen . there were two sentences on the computer screen . a drop of sweat ran down carl  s forehead . his eyes scanned through the screen again  two sentences . the man in the suit shifted . newline newline  i know it looks scary . no need to worry nothing is going to happen . this is just simple procedure . i  m going to leave you now ,  the man in the suit said .  whatever you do don  t press esc.  newline newline carl glanced at his laptop . the timer was still moving . newline newline  i don  t unders  he managed and the door closed . his eyes remained on the two sentences on the screen . newline newline  detonation timer : 00:04  press esc to cancel.  newlinei have been going to the same church since i was a child . it was just recently that i had been rethinking my faith . it s hard not to do that when working in the science field . there are few who work in that field who are nt atheists . i always felt pity for them . they never had any hope of life after death . i knew i could nt let myself become one of them . i signed up for the first mission ever taken through time . it was a small mission , led by a small department of a secretive corporation . the higherups called it a suicide mission , but i went anyway , under one condition : i got to pick the place . newline newline and so i went to see jesus . i was very careful . i followed protocol . i did nt talk to anyone . i made sure not to interfere with any historical events . but i had to witness it . so i found jesus . and i watched as he did exactly as the bible said . it was all true . i hit the return button on my machine . but everything was different . the corporation was gone . it was a field . i walked for a few miles before i got to a small town . a small church was the only building with a light on . newline newline i walked inside and i heard a pastor say something . i forget what he said , because all i could focus on was the picture on the wall . it was a picture of myself on the cross . i knew at that moment i could never be seen . the picture was too perfect . it showed my different colored eyes . it showed the small scar above my lip . it showed the spot of grey in my hair . i could never be seen again , because if i was , there is no telling what might happen .he was single , loved by many  women  , hated by more  women  . his last words were to apologize for all the broken hearts he caused . i m sorry that s a lie but i know thats what he would have wanted . wanted me to say anyway . he did nt have job even though he was in college for 6 years and had two degrees . he died with no regrets , well maybe taking that breathalyzer when charged with a dui . in his defense cops can be tricky . curse them , they drove him to this . who would ve guessed he would die in a hang gliding accident on a remote island . he was voted most likely to be famous his senior yr of high school , and famous he was . maybe only around his hometown . maybe only around campus and his fraternity brothers . this picture still brings a tear to my eye ,  shows picture of me riding down the third floor stairs on a mountain bike in my underwear .  everyone starts tearing up . he always was outgoing , full of life , and all around great guy . except his bad qualities ... but those only showed when he was drunk . his only possesions he wanted willed away was his pirated movie collection on the stolen macbook he and his roommates shared . the second item was his doberman pinscher name dillinger  after the great bank robber  and the third and final item , his actual movie poster of the movie public enemies which inspired the dog s name . all three items go to ... ... his dog , dillinger . run away doggy , you own yourself now ,  dog begins to run  and do nt forget your poster and macbook .  dog returns and begins watching stepbrothers on the casket  well , he always knew this day would come sooner than later . newline newline only the good  good visibly crossed out  self proclaimed awesome die young .here s a fantasy scene description , unlike my other post , my apologies !  newline newline you know you re dreaming . you ve gotten good at it too . selfawareness is hard for some people when they re awake , but in your own mind it s something else altogether . so what do you want to do ? you want to fly , fall , create worlds to the extent of your imagination ? newline newline oh okay , you ve imagined a door . you want to be surprised i guess . nice door though , wooden oak , nice finish , bit lord of the rings . so you want a fantasy setting then ? alright , you re walking to the door . are nt you getting excited ? i can tell , you re all red and glowing , it s nice to see . newline newline your hand grasps the door knob now . you twist , and pull . newline newline door ajar and a bright all encompassing light blinds you for a couple of seconds before your eyes adjust , revealing a lake , surrounded by a lush , mysterious forest . it s night time but fireflies and fairies glow white and green and blue , just above the water . it illuminates the lake tastefully , and the sky tonight is clear and you are completely taken in by the sight of two , large moons , occupying just enough sky for it to take the breath away from your soul . newline newline you emerge from your door , that seems to have been built into the chunky trunk of the tree behind you , and you see a small rowing boat docked in front out . the stars make you feel so tiny , so enclosed , but in a way that s okay . the forest , the lake , they feel like your small part of the universe , a part you can wrap yourself in like a blanket so you can read the sky as you fall asleep . newline newline you climb in , and push out your little boat to the middle of the lake , and lay back . the fairies and fireflies do nt flinch as your little boat passes by , but why would they ? they re naive and very trusting creatures who would want to give even the foulest of creatures a hug and a kiss . newline newline slight ripples die down as the boat slows , and floats in place . you look up to the brilliant night sky , and those impossible two moons , and begin to close your eyes , in pure , meditative bliss . newline newline i guess you re ready to wake now ? newline newlinewhat always surprised me was the pottery and the tools . economic downturns , invading armies , and natural disasters  those are the things that empty cities . countless cities , through time and across geography . i d been south of the border to ek  balam , where there were vases and ceremonial containers for mayan corncocoa beer . walking over jamestown , i could feel the hammers and nails beneath my feet , as well as fishing hooks fashioned from deer bones . little stories like whispers , quietly and confidently told to me as i walk , often in the sun a hundredthousand days after army boots , or a volcano , or despair buried these things in dust . it s always pottery and tools . newline newline the pottery was a surprise ... that it survives . the brittle clay remains while the resilient people are gone . pottery comes from the earth but does not return to the earth . it remains distinct and people like me and the team that follows me can dig it out again . but the humans who made the pots , people who come from people , return to the earth . we are less permanent than clay . there was a time when i grappled with that realization and wanted to kill myself . i d lain in bed for weeks unable to move . what point doing otherwise ? i was to become dust eventually . i changed nothing by living . newline newline but the tools were the opposite . they surprised not because they endure  tools are of course made to be durable . no , they puzzled me and frustrated me because they were left behind . if for some reason i found myself fleeing from my only home , my farm fields , and my life from before the disaster , would i not take my tools ? assuming i wanted to keep living , those tools were mandatory . shelters call for axes and millstones for wheat require chisels . why did i find so many axes and chisels left in the ragged wake of cataclysm ? why ? newline newline surely in the face of disaster , these gone people must have foreseen what i saw  the futility of life , the despair . no need for tools  they are nt needed when you rest in the roots of the ceiba tree , or when the pearly gates open before you and you no longer have earthly needs . no , no ... just make a token effort to flee and let the coming dust do its work . newline newline so i walked around the sites that my university wanted me to . i used the senses of my bare feet and found them artifacts to study , to sell . i made the token effort . but night after night , and sometimes during the days , too , i waited for the dust i d become , and had some thoughts of speeding it up . newline newline that ended , though . i m glad it did . newline newline my handler asked me what i thought about going to the middle east . sure . bahrain ? whatever . newline newline i slept almost the whole plane ride there . 22 or maybe 23 hours . newline newline they drove me to the site of a temple that i later learned was the barbar complex . i took off my shoes and walked among the low walls and dirt . whispers of worship ... gossip ... holidays ... and rage . deadly , powerful , murderous , and feminine . rage unto rage unto sadness unto rage . newline newline for the first time again there was something new under the sun . not a tableaux of family sharing a meal , not a worker nor slave nor royal clerk , but instead something fraught and terrified and enraging . newline newline i hovered my dusty foot backwards over the spot where i d felt the whisper of the story . newline newline  there s something here ,  i d said . newline newline  anything specific ? another reliquary ?  newline newline  no . it s heavy . a tablet of some kind.  and i set my foot down to take it in . newline newline gagging dust and a sliver of orange light . flickering light . fire . a boy , a girl , digging upward at the wall . the spade in his hands is made of bronze or maybe copper , and he chips furiously to widen the gap through which the firelight comes . they crouch in a space barely large enough for the both of them . they are hemmed in on all sides by white and earthen rubble that has collapsed around them . there are screams , but not theirs . newline newline the boy keeps his smock over his mouth to fight the thickening smoke that comes in through the hole he is widening . the girl , working with a wooden stick , is younger than he , and too short to breathe the smoke . old enough to know that sticks do not chip stones , but young enough to believe , perhaps , in divine intervention . newline newline he chips and chips , coughing , eyes watering , starting to wheeze . hammering the shaft of the spade with his balledup fist and then a rock to cut the stone and escape this destroyed basement . it s starting to grow hot , but the smoke already has him . he s starting to die . lips turning blue and he sinks to kneel gasping beside the girl . she resembles him . newline newline she says something and he shoves her off her feet toward the gap high in the wall . she is crying . he is not gentle when he lifts her and slams her into the space he has chiseled . she squirms through and sends her hand back to help pull him out . her body blocks much of the searing light from entering the rubble , but the slimmest beam still falls on him to show that he is on his side . he twitches and gurgles . gods keep him . newline newline beside his bones was the spade and , though it was nt there in the whisper of the attack and fire , a stone ornament . it s a writing tablet like a stylized scroll , bearing his sister s words . it belonged to her as she ... ascended and became more . she wore the tunic of ruler among her people who did not take women as rulers . she wrote , and wrote , and wrote until her rage had filled pages and people . she raised fervor to the brim and brought her gods down on them in a river of violence flowing only to one place : here again where her brother died . she defied everything to lay cuneiform benedictions beside his body . the spade held the fire that tried to claim them . the tablet held the fire that she claimed as her own . newline newline the bones of an old woman lay in state not far from the dirtladen tomb of the young boy . newline newline she had meant everything to him , and that had meant everything to her . newline newline i was crying . kneeling . newline newline  are you okay ? what s wrong ? what s wrong ?  newline newline they led me off and gave me water until i could stop . they asked me to go see someone , please go talk to a shrink , and i said i would because all the inevitability and pointlessness had just vacated . i told them though , i needed one thing or i would never use my sense for them again : newline newline  no matter what , i do nt give a fuck what other artifacts are here . we should not dig here . we should not dig . bob was a normal , white , middle class office worker . he did nothing out of the ordinary for such a person , other than taking great satisfaction out of mundane tasks . bob s favourite pastime was opening packages . he just got a rush out of the uniqueness of each sensation  whether it be the sawing tear of paper , or the inconceivably effortless gliding smoothness of scissor shears through cellophane . newline newline one day , like any other bob was walking to work . he was thinking absentmindedly about how he used to spill glue on his desk in first grade on purpose , so that he could peel it off later . the invigorating sensation was so engrossing that bob did nt see a car swerve off the road , and careen towards him . newline newline the car hit him . he died . newline it was nt that awful though . he died in a state of bliss . newline what happened after though was nt as great . newline newline a niggling need to orient oneself brought bob from nothingness . he was on a set of stairs near the summit of a great mountain . down the slope he saw a man pushing a small rock up the hill with moderate difficulty . it did nt seem too difficult , and the man seemed engrossed in his work . bob began to contemplate approaching the man , when a voice next to him called out . newline newline turning around , bob was shocked to find a woman with a slight scowl staring at him . still startled , bob asked who she was , and how she knew his na ...  it does nt matter !  she snapped , interrupting him .  i m tired of this , so follow close . newline newline  see that man ?  pointing to the other man pushing the rock up the hill . that man has been pushing that rock forever . his name is sisyphus . he always wanted to push rocks in life , so now he gets to forever . he gets almost to the top , and then has to do it again . does nt get to choose how big the rocks are each time , which can be amusing . there was one time when we set it up to look like hell so that we could scare some unwelcome guests . but is mostly always banal .  your types are so boring . so annoying    i hate when you humans just love the stupidest of activities , it s awful , and blase , and ...  she rambled on . newline newline meanwhile bob looked at the man pushing the rock up the hill and thought of the possibilities . imagine if he got to open things !  wow that would be so neat .  bob fantasized almost out loud . newline newline the woman caught herself at some point , probably due to bob s increasing giddiness  and refocused on a clipboard that bob had nt seen until now .  anyway , your activity ... let s see.. newline newline bob anxiously waited newline newline she continued , scanning the clipboard as she spoke .  you are suited ...  newline newline  to ...  newline newline  limbo.  . . . . newline newline  what ?  bob reflexively spoke . newline newline  limbo , you know , your favourite activity ?  the woman peevishly replied . newline newline newline  no . it s not . there must be some mistake .  bob earnestly exclaimed . newline newline  the clipboard never lies  , stated the woman bureaucratically . newline newline  but i like opening packages !  bob frantically proclaimed , as if his fervour would help clear the misunderstanding . newline newline the woman scoffed briefly , and then proceeded to tear his ego to pieces.  that , is the stupidest thing i ve ever heard !   who would take pleasure in simply opening packaging ? downcast , bob mumbled  i do  ... the woman then ignored bob  and announced that he was to be disassembled and reassembled in the setting for him to enjoy his eternal limbo . bob argued , but with a sneer the woman robotically scathed that  the clipboard never lies .  then she literally tore him to shreds . newline newline oddly enough bob enjoyed the process . he did nt know why he felt no pain in the process , but as parts of him were delicately torn , and whisked away , he in a strange turn of events enjoyed the process . as the last remnants of bob disintegrated into dust , and began travelling elsewhere , the woman took measure of her work . realizing that bob was for some reason enjoying the process , she yelled  sicko ! !  in disgust and anger that the reception to being disintegrated was not as intended . newline newline leave it to bob to be too entranced to take proper stock of a situation.. newline newline when bob awoke for a second time , he was at an ethnic bar . he could nt tell which kind . fiji was a water bottle brand as far as bob was concerned . he tried to properly look around , but became drawn to a pole , suspended horizontally above the ground . newline newline inside bob groaned .  why could nt it be something else .  he tried to focus elsewhere , yet could nt . after what seemed like an age , bob thought ,  maybe the pole is covered in something .  if it were , he could try to peel it , or at least examine it closely . finding it easy to walk up to , bob scanned the pole for details . nothing jumped out at him , so he went to touch the pole . and could nt ... newline newline he did nt know how , or why  but he was not able to touch the pole . bob frowned glumly , and began planning his next course of action . meanwhile the pole began to move closer to bob . positioned over him , bob was lost in thought when a force started pushing him downward , and backwards . bob , cried out in surprise  but then realized what was happening ...  limbo  . this greatly displeased bob , not so much because he hated the sensation . rather , it was being unable to fulfil his fantasy , and the symbolism that limbo had that caused anger in bob . newline newline he became stuck there . endlessly trapped in constant limbo . newline newline newlinei can feel the dread weighing heavy on my chest as i aproach the crime scene . this is the fifth child in two months , and it s starting to get hard to be objective staring at the bodies of young kids , mutilated from their falls from high rise apartments . newline newline my anxiety turns to sadness as i come into view of this new boy s face  well , what s left of it , that is . newline newline  captain ! over here , quick !  detective smee waves me over to the body . newline newline i pull my captains hat down to block the streetlights from illuminating my face . i ca nt let my subordinates see that this affects me . newline  what is it , smee ?  i shout , as i march hastily toward the group of csi agents examinating the boy . everyone looks up nervously . i must have sounded more irritated than i meant to . newline good . newline newline 16 hour days in this case , for weeks , and we do nt have so much as a fingerprint . just a collection of business cards with the word  pan  in times new roman . i m guessing he wants to make a name for himself . i refuse to let this lunatic become successful in his search for infamous glory . newline newline news reports and social media are trying to call this a  suicide trend  . without a lead on the case , i ca nt correct them . newline newline i lean over to see smee pulling something out of the boys hand , with tweasers . newline  what is it ?  my tone softens . newline newline  it apears to be ... a feather . a red feather .  he slips it into an evidence bag and hands it to me . i hold it up , and even in this poorly lit street , i can make out that it s a very real red feather . peculiar . newline newline  send this to forensics , immediately .  i hand the bag to smee . newline  yes captain hook !  newline smee complies and scurries off . newline for aging old man , he s as sharp and obediant as ever . newline newline my eyes scale up the building to see police on a balcony on the forth floor . my ears finally tune in to the wails of another mother crying in agony as she accepts the loss of her child . always the mother , never the father . i fight back tears . newline newline i take one last look at the deceased . i scan the gathering crowd of shocked faces . i look up at the moon . it s a cold night . newline  i ll get you , pan  i whisper to myself . newline newlineinspired by the couch gag as well newline newline trom had never known his father . having father was nt someone he often missed , just as someone with blue eyes never misses brown eyes , but he had always been curious as to the whereabouts of the second instrument involved in his creation . this was always a bit awkward for him , as his appearance and instrument shape was that of a trombone , while his mother was a bassoon . he had two younger stepsiblings by his stepfather who were bassoons , and he always loved them dearly but could never bring himself to like their tasteless music . it was dry , wooden , and it was written for someone with nimble fingers and a patient eye to watch the conductor . newline newline eventually , trom s father decided that it was time that the two of them form a relationship , and he offered to take trom out for the day on town . trom agreed , but did nt act overly zealous so as not to upset his mother . he spent all morning polishing his silver plating and oiling his slide to look presentable , and when his father finally arrived , trom knew it was time . newline newline  hello ,  trom muttered shyly . he and his father looked very nearly identical . their fwraps had grown in differently , but altogether they looked very much like father and son . newline newline  hi ,  trom s father said back . he seemed just as timid . trom kissed his mother goodbye and left with his father for a night out on the town . newline newline there was much conversation to be made : whether or not trom liked orchestra , whether he had good marks , whether he practiced enough . trom reluctantly admitted that he found orchestra quite boring .  i mean ,  he said with a shrug ,  i m not a violin , so what place do i even have in orchestra ?  newline newline  hey , you re important ,  his father assured , glancing at him from the passenger seat . trom shrugged . newline newline they arrived at a small building that seemed to be almost a mix between a shack and a nightclub . trom s father pulled the car up near it and motioned for him to climb out . newline newline there was music floating out of the club , but nothing like he had ever heard before . it had texture  it was smooth and soft and squeaky all at the same time  it was loud and rough and full of emotion .  what piece is that ?  trom asked in awe as they walked in . newline newline  i m not certain ,  his father responded .  do you like jazz ?  newline newline  jazz ?  trom asked . the music was floating over from an ensemble playing in the corner . it consisted of trumpets , many trombones , saxophones of all types , a few clarinets , a drum set , a keyboard , and a bass .  is that what that is ?  newline newline trom watched as a trumpet s valves began flying . it seemed effortless , but wild , as if the music had lept from the page and began to sprint away . up , and down an around , no melodies or chord resolutions , just a thick and passionate sound .  you ve never heard jazz ?  trom s father asked .  do nt tell me you ve never heard jazz ! it s what trombones were made for !  newline newline a trombone stood up from his seat . he began to play loudly , dragging his slide around like all of trom s orchestra teachers had told him not to , and his sound began to blare . but somehow it was just right . it was passionate . and trom could see it in his eyes how happy the music made him . newline newline once the song ended , trom s father hopped in with the other trombones .  sorry i m late ,  he said .  this is my son . he ll be playing with us tonight .  newline newline playing ?  trom looked around anxiously .  if i m playing , could i have some sheet music ? it ll take me about five minutes , that s the normal window i have to sightread .  newline newline  ah , no , just take this , jump in whenever you d like ,  a trombone said , handing trom a sheet of music . it was littered with odd notes and symbols he d never seen before , and weird instruction on how to play things were written in the margins . and , towards the end , a note that said open for solos . newline newline  where s the solo written ?  trom asked his father quietly . newline newline  just play from the heart ,  he said with a shrug .  it is nt written .  newline newline trom s eyes widened .  i can play whatever i want ? how will i know ?  newline newline  you ll feel it ,  his father responded .  trust me .  newline newline trom sat in the ensemble nervously for the first half of the piece , unsure of he should play or wait until he was certain of the rhythms , but then he slowly began to come in . he followed each odd instruction : lean into the stand , place something over bell , squelch the ends of the notes . and then came the open for solos .  hey , new trombone ,  a trumpet called .  you take this .  newline newline trom sat there waiting for a moment , unsure if he was supposed to actually play , but then he took a deep breath and began to play straight from the bottom of his heart . a whirlwind of music exploded around him  all the years of being told no , do nt play that way , be quiet and stay underneath the violins , but now he could play that way , and there was nobody there but him and a soft drumset accompaniment . he ripped up the air around him and sucked it up , and after all 20 measures he was breathing heavily . he d never experienced real music until that moment , and for the first time , trom felt like he really belonged . newline newline  that was incredible ,  trom s father exclaimed afterwards . newline newline  hey kid , you should come back sometime ,  the drum set hollered . newline newline  do nt worry ,  trom shouted back ,  i will . the thrill of coming battle could be smelled throughout the ship , as the blue planet became visable . many artificers had made predictions as to the technology the race would face from these primatives . no orbiting defense stations , nothing in orbit at all ! curious , as we know they had simple satellites and rudimentry space stations , no the skies above the planet were completely clear . one whole pantheon of artificer theories gone . we have announced our arrival , a beacon has begun to broadcast at the center of a huge artifact , a flower , identified as a lotus , but this is not a plant , but a geographicbiological effect , the petals stretch across a thousand kilometers each . no other sign of any technology appears on the planet , no cities , no ruins , no lights or roads . only the apparent flower adorning the face of the planet . this is eliminating most of the artificer theories , all except those scenarios that become worst case for the race . as the commander of these forces this is disturbing , either the humans have abandoned their own planet , or no longer need it . a ship is sent down to the beacon location , there is one human standing on a vast plain where the beacon originates from . a squad is sent to meet the human . as we watch the meeting , the human is dressed simply with no technology on or within it , the heavily armored squad deploys into a simple semicircular array . using the squad leaders armored suit i ask if the humans are prepared for the battle that is to begin . the lone creature raises a single upper appendage level with the ground , the end portion bent up , with digits pointing up . it speaks  we did not ask for war , we do not seek your destruction , go before we are forced to defend ourselves . inner alarms blaze , this is not how simple primatives react to the race , terror , aggression , fury , and rage , not calm pity . as i watch the squad leader gives the signal , all weapons are actively trained on the pitiful figure before them , disappointment in the troops is palpable as the the squad leader says  defend this  all all weapons systems are fired at the weak soft creature . nothing happens , troopers begin to check weapon sytems , before the first of the screaming begins . the suit camera feeds are lost , but the ships cameras clearly record the troopers appearing to disintegrate into dust , the feed from the ship on the ground is lost just before numerous emergency klaxons sound the failure of vital ships systems the outside camera feed from the flagship shows the disintegration of the fleet starting with the ships closest to the planet . as my flagship ceases to exist around me the one scenario that was dismissed has come about , i wonder if any of the race will be left alive in the galaxy . i regret to inform you your husband has passed away .  newline newline aoi almost laughed at the face of the awkwardlooking police officer delivering this news to her . shinji could nt be dead . she was alive . newline newline and this was either a bad joke or a terrible mistake . the officer was looking at her feet , fidgeting with his cap . he continued . newline newline  he was found in a love hotel in kabukicho , lying in bed without his clothes . no signs of violence or anything unusual . it s a bit early to say , but it looks like a soulmate sync .  newline newline  i think you have the wrong person ,  aoi said .  unless i m a zombie standing here holding the door and speaking to you , you will agree that i m very much alive . my husband is at the office . he always works late . now if you ll excuse me , i have to go to bed .  newline newline she bowed her head and started to close the door , but the officer was not done . newline newline  do you someone by the name of ryota matsuda ?  newline newline aoi froze . a dreading feeling took hold of her . she opened the door slowly . newline newline  my husband has a friend with that name . they went to university together .  newline newline the police officer looked her in the eye for the first time , and she could see he pitied her .  mr. matsuda died earlier today . he was involved in a traffic accident near kabukicho , while leaving the love hotel your husband was found in . we have reasons to believe ...  newline newline she could nt hear his voice anymore . an oppressive silence engulfed her as everything clicked into place . from his overtime at work to the lack of intimacy in their marriage . all the doubts and suspicions she had buried deep came rushing out . ryota . he was shinji s soulmate . it made perfect sense now . her whole life was a lie . her marriage a farce . she would be ostracized , mocked , ridiculed . everything was over . newline newline her knees gave in but the officer caught her before she hit the floor . he said some comforting words , but she was nt listening . all aoi could do was hold on to him , for if he let go she would be truly , completely alone . he did nt let go , and that gave her hope .newline  it  s been , one week since you looked at me , cocked your head to the side and said ,  i  m angry  ,  slam ! snooze button . i groggily thought ,  you know , it has been a week since nicole left . i should probably call her and tell her i  m sorry.  coincidence , inspiration , whatever , i did nt give it a second thought . i did end up calling her , she didn  t want to talk . the following day is a day i  ll never forget . that morning i awoke to  where oh , where can my , baby be ? the lord took her away from me.  you know , that pearl jam cover ? jesus , what a depressing song . i looked at my phone and saw that i had several missed texts from nicole s mom , she wanted me to call her . she had been a car accident , she did nt make it . black ice or something , i had begun to fade out the conversation . i didn  t know what to do . i layed in bed most of the day . newline newline the third day i started to analyse what it meant . the song was billy joel  s  we did nt start the fire  i could mean anything , he covered decades in that song . the past two days meant nothing , i told my self . it was just a coincidence . i went to work and tried to have a normal day ,  as best as i could , nicole  s funeral and wake were in the next few days ,  we were only together a few months and were on a break at the time , but still . i was pretty messed up   . on my way home i saw the smoke .  no way  , i thought . sure enough , the entire complex was burnt down .  what happened ,  i asked my neighbors , who were also coming home at the time . the first response i got from the couple who lived below me was .  i don  t know , we did nt start the fire.  newline newline i had to know . i ran past the firefighters and police . i went into my bedroom and grabbed the alarm clock . as i reached down to unplug it is when i noticed . it was nt plugged in . i stood there for a moment , lost in thought when i heard a bellow from behind me .  you ca nt be in here !  i began to speak , but he was nt listening . he practically threw me back down the stairs and looked at the small clock in my hand . i could tell he wanted to ask so many questions ,  what were you thinking ? did you just run into a burning building for a  10 radio ?  thank goodness he didn  t , i would nt have know what to say .  uh , yes ? it , like , tells the future . i think.  i went and stayed at nicoles moms house that night . i fell asleep in the guest room , i definitely was nt going to stay in nicoles room . as i closed my eyes , i watched to radio . newline newline  hey joe ! where you goin  with that gun in your hand ?  hendrix , who does nt like a little jimi ? well , what could this mean ? i picked up the radio . nope , not plugged in , no place for batteries . just on . with no power . so weird . i went down stairs and i saw it . nicole  s mother , dead on the floor . then i remembered , nicole s stepfather was named joey . she had been cheating on him . the man she had been sleeping with had called the house to console her about the loss of her daughter , and joey had eavesdropped . i called the police , it was a long day . of course i did nt mention the radio . i went to check into hotel . i was running out of places to stay . newline newline the next morning as soon as i heard the song i knew what i had to do . this was no coincidence . this was a sign . the radio was singing about itself now , i knew that . it was speaking directly to me . l drove to a place where i knew it could happen . there would be no one around , no one to see , and no one to stop what had to be done . i could nt just destroy this thing . that would nt be enough . i knew that power it held , it had to end . i held onto the small device as i began to fall over the edge and began to quietly sing .  i ca nt get no , satisfaction . mass was the same as ever today . i sat with my family in the back , resting on the ancient brickwood of the pew , and tapping my fingers impatiently against the holy book of destiny in my lap . my journal rested unused next to me , this sermon far too mismatched to take notes for anyway . newline newline i tapped my watch out of boredom , and its shimmering blue display emerged from a slit on the top . 11:24 . i sighed at the unwanted revelation : the sermon had only been in progress for 9 minutes . i glanced sidelong at my family , trying not to attract attention to myself the last thing i needed was dad going off on me again for being distracted during church . newline newline as usual , dad  s hand was going a mile a minute through his notebook , probably capturing every nuance of the priest  s voice in his quaint , tiny cursive . his deep , brown eyes rarely left the priest , so i really had no idea how he was able to write like that . better for him , i suppose . mom was absently rubbing the bottoms of her shoes against the pew in front of us as she sifted through the destiny , occasionally jotting down a bullet point in her journal . funny , she  d probably warn me against rubbing my shoes like that , the church here was coming on 1700 years old , after all . not a soul was allowed in the sanctuary any time other than morning service , and it scared me to think of the consequences of vandalism , accidental or not . my sister seemed just as bored as i was , but had taken to drawing small doodles in the corners of her pages , some of the doodles even venturing into the destiny itself . newline newline losing interest in their activities , i decided to focus back on the priest . maybe his sermon was becoming a bit more organized by now newline newline he certainly seemed excited about whatever he was going on about , throwing his hands up as he proclaimed ,  to earth go the sinners in life , and to the mighty star lucidum go those faithful to the wanderers !  newline newline  blessed !  called someone from the front of the church , an older man in sharp dress . newline newline  may the wanderers find us and save us !  the priest continued , raising his book high so all the congregation could see its broken leather .  let us open to book of esa , chapter 1.  he paused for a moment , taking a breath .  and this journey will be undertaken by thousands of men and women . only the strongest , most able , most intelligent individuals will be selected to lead this journey to save the human race . two massive ships shall set out and arrive in the orbit of lucidum , and there find prosperous land to continue on survival of humanity , should they follow the detailed instruction within this book.  newline newline the priest set the book down and addressed the crowd .  the wanderers seek lucidum , and will arrive there only upon following the commandments within this book of destiny . they will find us too , and carry us there . stay faithful . always faithful.  newline newline after considerably more rambling and singing , my clock finally read 12:00pm . i looked over at my family wearily , my sister immediately returning the look . mom and dad were talking quietly with one another as they put their materials away and stood up , finally ready to lead us out to the open air , and , hopefully , lunch . newline my sister and i followed like ducklings , cutting through the crowd of people as we made our way through the church  s delicate structure and out through a massive , arched doorway to the clear , green skies beyond . i breathed deeply , glad to be out of that cooped space . the air was much fresher out here , and scented with the salty brine of the nearby ocean . newline newline  where do you think mom and dad will take us to eat ?  my sister sounded much perkier having finished church for the week . she beamed at me , her wavy , brown hair dancing in the wind . newline newline  i  d love a good bur  i slammed into the back of my dad before i could finish , almost toppling both me and him in the process . he reached back to steady me , apologizing quietly for having stopped so suddenly . by now , my mom and sister had both stopped as well , glancing at my dad curiously . newline newline silently , he pointed up . newline newline far to the east , possibly even farther than the nearest island to ours , meandered a massive , gray object in the sky . it part through clouds with ease as it slowly eased its way closer and closer to the surface of our oceanfilled planet .  what is that ?  i mumbled , not entirely sure i  d even said a word . still , my dad must have heard . newline newline  it  s the wanderers . it has to be.  a light filled his eyes and he nearly leaped for joy , my mom with him . newline newline  they  re here to save us !  she sang out , her voice riling up anyone around to pay attention to the object if they hadn  t already . soon , the whole church congregation was calling out in celebration . people screamed blessings and welcomes , and i was pretty sure i heard a couple of stray curses around too . for certain , everyone  s eyes were on the ships . even those who had already loaded their waterpods had stepped out to see this giant beast of an airship in the sky . newline i watched with uncertainty in my stomach as several smaller ships broke free of the massive ship and began descending to any available surface they could find . was it true , then ? were these really the wanderers here to save us ? newline newline and then , somewhere deep in my heart , i wondered . have i been faithful enough to go with them ? newline newline newline  newline newline okay that was so much fun to write ! may write from the arriving ship s perspective sometime , or the result of their meeting ... do nt know yet . thank you for such an inspiring prompt !they say that the original intent was to reduce tire yards to powder , developing a bacteria that could return the rubber to the ground in a green fashion . i do nt know what tire yards are , or why they were a problem . because there s none left . newline newline the bacteria worked . newline newline the problem originated with the lab that developed the bacteria , carefully using gene injecting viruses to meddle with mother nature s creations . what started off as beer fermentation aids gradually changed , moving step by step closer to the ultimate recyclable . but it evolved too fast , chewing though plastics that the lab never accounted for , and turning them into a single byproduct methane . newline newline none of the scientists survived the explosion . but then again , if any did , they would not have survived the following weeks . newline newline the cloud of smoke and dust stretched out over a fifty mile radius , borne by the wind twice that far in the eastern direction and depositing the freshly created species . it landed on cars , the under bellies of planes , and the costs of passerbies . and it hitched a ride . newline newline hospitals were the first to go , sterility packs and sutures losing their integrity , clean rooms losing their pressure , biohazard bags dissolving into nothing . then transportation fell , valves failing , instruments jamming , cheap car interiors disintegrating to nothing . newline newline personally , i remember my braces popping off my teeth , freshly installed at the ripe age of eight , the wires jumping out as the bands snapped . and i remember my last good pair of shoes , powdered down to the laces . then there were the temperatures back then , so much colder , a brisk ninety five degrees on an average summer day . newline newline but no longer . newline newline because now in our methane filled skies the sun burns hot , and powder is everywhere , in the air , crunching under our feet , in our lungs . caking the sides of buildings that stand like shells , their interiors eroded away , their signage dissolved . newline newline but there is good news , on this scorching day , as we taste powder and hide from the heat . newline newline there are no tire yards . newline newline  newline newline if you enjoy sci fi , be sure to check out my running story ,  the bridge   https : leonardpetracci.comthebridge  newline newline by leo . i was at a taco bell when it happened ,  newline his eerie voice came again , newline jolting her out of a fitful sleep . newline  the man came up behind me ... .. newline i had no way of knowing he had a gun ...  newline newline she cursed loudly , newline pounding her fist into the piles of notes and dossiers newline scattered across his old office desk . newline  ca nt you shut up for more than twenty minutes ? !  newline she screamed at the air . newline newline  it all happened so fast ... newline i saw him as i fell to the floor ...  newline his voice intoned , as if she d said nothing at all . newline  he was wearing a ski mask ... newline if you follow the blue rabbit you will find him ...  newline newline she dropped her head onto the desk and groaned . newline the stupid blue rabbit was the only useful thing he d said newline since his death three weeks ago . newline she had begun to solve his murder , naturally out of love , newline but now just to shut him the f    up newline so she could finally get some sleep . newline newline  follow the blue rabbit , my love ...  newline  i ll shove the m          blue rabbit up your ass ,  newline she muttered . newline newline then her eyes caught something newline on the edge of a notepad , newline buried under the rubble of clues . newline a scrawled doodle in blue pen . newline she pulled it out : a tiny drawing of bugs bunny newline giving her a big thumbsup . newline under the doodle was an address . newline newline ten minutes later her red volvo pulled onto the gravel driveway . newline it was a huge warehouse just past city limits , newline stinking of mildew and dying of old age . newline another car was there  her husband s toyota . newline she palmed a can of mace newline and stepped through the wide door . newline newline  did you find the blue rabbit yet ? !  newline her husband s voice suddenly burst out into the stillness . newline she jumped backward instinctively newline and shouted  do nt do that ! ! !  newline it took a minute for her to calm down enough to continue . newline  and yes , for your information i found the stupid f rabbit . newline i m at some warehouse in the middle of podunk nowhere . newline i saw your car outside . newline what does this have to do with anything ?  newline newline her husband s voice was silent . newline the inside of the warehouse was pitch black . newline then suddenly a single floodlight flipped on  newline illuminating a figure in the center of the concrete floor , newline gagged and tied to a chair , newline wearing a ski mask . newline newline she approached the figure cautiously . newline it did nt seem to be moving . newline she noticed a couple of taco bell wrappings newline littered at the figure s feet . newline newline she finally found her voice and said : newline  david ?  newline newline  yes ! ! ! ! ! !  came her husband s voice newline from underneath the ski mask . newline he ripped off the fake bindings , newline stood up and pulled off the mask , newline as balloons and confetti rained down from the ceiling . newline he had a lapel mic clipped to his collar . newline  april fools !  he shouted with glee . newline  i ca nt believe you never found the mic ! newline it was on your necklace the whole time !  newline newline she took three steps forward newline and punched him square in the face . newline he staggered back onto the chair , newline sputtering weak protests . newline she whipped out the mace and sprayed him until the bottle ran out , newline and then turned and walked away newline through the falling confetti and balloons . newline newline  do nt you worry , david ,  she thought . newline  i ll get you next year . alchemy has become my passion . opening up a small alchemy shop on the river by the terraced farms which seemed to rise forever upon the grumbling volcano may have not been the smartest idea i have ever had . nonetheless , the rent was cheap and the grounds were fertile . newline newline i have had my fair share of bumbling travelers attempting to pass of their clearly counterfeit gold . however , the travelers which attempted to haggle has become more plentiful . newline newline a boisterous yet pompous looking warrior stumbles into my neatly kept shop . he looked over to the alchemy table , which i kept free to the public , with eyes of befuddlement .  here we go  i thought . newline newline he stomped over to my desk , throwing his large sack of loot . i looked over the priceless loot with surprise . newline newline  potion seller , this can be yours if you sell me your finest potion  . newline newline  my potions are too strong for you traveler  i quickly quipped . newline newline  potion seller , i am going into battle . i require your strongest potions  . newline newline  my potions would kill you traveler , my potions are too strong for you traveler  . newline newline  potion seller , enough of these games . i am telling you right now , i am going into battle and i need only your strongest potions  . newline newline  you know not what you ask , my strongest potions would kill a dragon , let alone a man  . newline newline  potion seller  , the travelers voice becomes weak.  i do not know what to tell you , i require your strongest potions  . newline newline  you must find a potion seller who sells weaker potions  . newline newline  fine , then i must go elsewhere  . newline newline  that would be more fit for a man of your stature  . newline newline  potion seller , you are a rascal i say to you  . newline newline  my potions are only for the strongest of men  . newline newline the self proclaimed knight grabs his sack of priceless loot and quickly stomps his way out of shop .  typical traveler  .the wrinkles on her leathery face became much more pronounced when she smiled up at me . her frail hand was held in mine . as i felt her grip losing strength , i tightened my own . her skin was draped over her bones , reminiscent of the tablecloths she would set out when i was a child . my eyes observed every decaying part of her exterior body , taking in things that myself would never experience . she stared up at me with glossy eyes , the light above defining the tears that streamed down her face . using my free hand , i wiped them away from her cheek . newline newline  do nt be afraid , mother ,  i spat out . her smile grew as her grip waned . she was reassigning her final moments of strength to her face . soft words were spoken as she opened her mouth . newline newline  i am ... am not afraid , my dear . i cry not out of fear , but for my eternal joy .  she closed her mouth and smiled even wider than before . the wrinkles deepened , causing dark creases in her face . newline newline  save your strength , mother . you need to breathe ,  i plead . since i was a toddler , i had never been afraid of anything in my entire life . on this day i learned what fear was . my mother lie before me dying , and for once i did not know what to do . i was afraid . newline newline  i need not breathe darling , this ... this is my final ... final  newline newline  and i will be with you throughout all of it . i love you , mum .  newline newline  i ... love you too . always , and for ... ever .  newline newline tears swelled in my eyes . newline newline  i love you too , mom . always and forever .  newline newline she smiled weakly . newline newline  i know you will .  newline newline i no longer felt her gripping my hand . the tears now streamed down my face , falling onto her . there i sat by her side for what must have been forever .i feel like lovecraft got a lot of his influence for tone and atmosphere from eap , and despite having less than a tenth of the skill of either i m still going to have a crack at describing an eldritch landscape ! newline newline                   newline newline buried in a paralysed cardinal sky was the empyrean of long suppressed dreams . etches of blood upon the dripping , fearful walls of our stone sanctuaries from eons long gone carried stark detail of the truth . the pervasive itching whispers that bid us to sleep , that command us to rise and control our daily thoughts are but remnants of a power since committed to slumber , and hencely can only be walked in such ways again . newline newline the correct dosage of valium must be measured with an embaphium and administered with the utmost of care . too deep a dream will keep one locked in a tidal battle of insanity , whereas too little an imbibing will result in a reverie more regular than revelationary . it s considered highly advisable , from those who sit on the board , that one has an attendant to commit to paper the babblings and imagery that one utters whilst walking the dreamscape . it is also requested that such writings be delivered by hand to the columbia university . newline newline upon accepting the cool embrace of a world long discarded by man s advancing mind , you may feel a jarring inertia before a swift rise into an abyss so complete that even breath and sound seems to be obliterated . the form of your body will feel attached at all points , but any exercise in attempting to acquire empirical evidence will swiftly appear mundane and leave one feeling the creeping , sharp fingers of idiocy . as if lifting the rotting , damp remains of a thick branch rife with scuttling energy , the blasted dimensions of a world long existent but many millennia in languor will fold into your vision , warping any lingering sense of solidity that you had . newline newline the threatening spires of angles innumerable , the moving sands with a lack of atmospheric breath , and the deep rumbling of something that has slept here since the light of the universe began shall all at once become tactile to your current incorporeal form . a writhing consciousness has you in its predatory gaze , never blinking , but never seen . a deep maw lies somewhere in this world . it s hot stink sends curls through you , and a perplexing desire to throw oneself deeper into the pit begins to chip . newline newline all things around you are at once solid , liquid , gaseous and formed of pure energy . everything has the appearance of decrepit age , and yet exceeds our very understanding of what is physically possible in our world . constant blaterations rise to a cacophony . submission becomes a dream , and one may soon find themselves quickly wishing to retreat ...sal merlin had owned magick faerieland since his father had passed away . though his expertise was initially doubted , sal had dragged the park kicking and screaming into the twentyfirst century . newline newline he had been the first to recognize the profit to be made off of the unique , exotic creatures housed in magick faerieland . or , if not the first , then the only one bold enough to act on it . the first step had been to go public . newline newline as soon as the world got a glimpse of the formerly mythical sights that magick faerieland held , the park exploded . it had all happened so quickly that , admittedly , sal had found it hard to keep up at first . but things , he thought , had reached an equilibrium now . he managed three locations nationwide . his park hosted 17 million visitors and netted  87 million last year alone . he had just gotten off the phone with his investment banker shaking out the details of what was shaping up to be an incredibly successful ipo . newline newline and he did not have time for jerry s shit right now . newline newline  it s not that i do nt appreciate the job ,  jerry sputtered nervously , dark semicircles growing under the arms of his bright green uniform ,  i love training the unicorns . it s just ...  newline newline  jerry , is this about the goddamn grass again ?  sal snapped . newline newline  it is and it is nt ,  jerry winced ,  i mean , that s definitely part of it , bermuda grass makes them break out in rashes for some reason , but it s more than that.  newline newline the trainer paused , searching for words . newline newline  i do not have all day.  newline newline  we don  t understand them ,  jerry blurted ,  the animals . they  re just not there  s too much about them we don  t know to expand as quickly as we have.  newline newline  need i remind you that my family has taken care of these creatures for over a millennium now ?  newline newline  i know , i know . but think about it : how long did they use to live back then ? i don  t know about the other species , but you told me yourself the unicorns had an average lifespan of a hundred and forty years . we don  t have a single one now that  s older than fifty ! that was all before you had to start breeding them and transporting them over long distances and splitting them up for your parks  newline newline  what are you talking about ? breeding is good for them and for business , and , as far as i know , there have been minimal losses due to transportation.  newline newline  well , not directly , but some of them seem to getdepressed when you move them from their original enclosures.  newline newline  depressed ?  newline newline  you know ,  jerry shrugged ,  they miss their homes . and sometimes theirfamilies.  newline newline sal laughed out loud . newline newline  miss their they  re animals , jerry ! they don  t  miss  things.  newline newline  well , that  s another point i wanted to bring up . are they animals ? i mean , the unicorns seem to understand my intentions before i act . the bogarts somehow know exactly what i  m afraid of . hell , i have actual conversations with the elves ! the mermaids don  t talk to me , but i get the feeling they  re talking about me . the goblins tease me  newline newline  as intelligent as they might be and as much respect as i have for them ,  sal began in a practiced , diplomatic tone ,  they are not people . they are animals . extraordinary animals , to be sure , but animals just the same.  newline newline  see , you say that , but  newline newline  jerry ,  sal leaned forward ,  i want to be very frank with you right now . if you are not willing to follow my instructions on this  to the letter  there are hundreds , if not thousands , of other people waiting in line for your job specifically.  newline newline  sirnone of them have my expertise  newline newline  no one has expertise here , my friend , this is a whole new ball game ,  sal leaned back , smirking ,  your seven years of working with these beasts does not make you so invaluable that you can not be replaced.  newline newline jerry slumped in his chair . newline newline  i  m just i just want to do the right thing ,  he mumbled , defeated . newline newline  the right thing is what  s right for the park as a whole . just do what you  re told . the young man lay in his bed and let out a small sigh of relief . no celebrities today , today was sunday , the lords day , a day for rest . no dicaprio , no brangelina , no johnny depp in his fucking pirates of the caribbean costume . just a nice easy day of relaxing . newline newline and the day passed and it was a perfectly normal , uneventful day . first at breakfast , he took his time to get up and eat .  nowhere to be today ,  he said cheerfully to nobody in particular . he had a perfectly bland bowl of rice krispies , and orange juice that was neither too sweet nor too sour but perfectly average . newline newline he went back to his room and watched  who wants to be a millionaire ,  he did nt get many questions right but that was ok. at 11 oclock he turned off the tv and happily continued reading  harry potter and the half blood prince  . it was the 4th time he had read it , but that was ok. newline newline he ate lunch , and got to dinner without a hitch . not one beiber sighting , not even hannah montana . he laid his head down in bed that night and breathed a sigh of perfect contentment . today had been normal . newline newline he awoke to a screeching nurse ,  wake up ! wake up ! matt damon is here to visit ! you would nt wan na miss that would you ? !  newline newline he sighed and looked around at the hospital room . today would not be a normal day . today was another day in the hospital .there once was a person who did nt know they were special . then something important happened and set them off on an adventure . with the help of friends made along the way , they overcame a great obstacle and realized that they were indeed special . the end . newline newline want a sequel ? newline newline there once was a special person living in the aftermath of their effort . then a new obstacle emerged and threatened their peace . with the help of old friends and new they overcame the obstacle and realized that others are special , too , and that the special group is more powerful than the special individual . newline newline want the final part of the trilogy ? newline newline there once was a group of special people living in the aftermath of their great efforts . then a new obstacle emerged and threatened their peace . with the help of old friends and newly converted enemies they overcame the obstacle and ensured the longest lasting peace in history , but at the cost of one great sacrifice , learning that when things are special they are also precious . newline newline want the unintended prequel ? newline newline no , you do nt . no one does .the father held onto his daughter  s feeble hand . he followed the hospital cart along with the doctors and nurses . the hallway was alive with chatter . medical tools and instruments could be heard in the nearby operating rooms , but to the father all the sounds were distant and far . he saw the doctor who would be operating on his only child walk calmly into the room at the end of the hall . each step he took felt heavier , and heavier . he looked at his daughter , trying to remember her face in case it was the last time . she was bandaged up , and had tubes attached to her in all sorts of places . her eyes , like her mother  s , were a lovely shade of green . when he made eye contact she gave a faint smile and squeezed his hand a little harder . newline newline the father returned with a smile . he wanted to say something encouraging , but it was if there was a large frog in his throat and no words could escape . he held back his tears as he thought about his little girl . she had been through so much in her life . surgeries since she was three years old , having to go to school on a computer , never knowing real friends , losing her mother when she was six . the father felt guilty and helpless , wishing he could have taken all those burdens from her so she could have a  normal  life . newline newline the got to the operation room  s door . it had some so quick , the father was shocked when a hand gently pressed on his chest .  we  ve got it from here , mr. peterson . just relax we  ll be out shortly.  he stopped and watched as his daughter was carted further into the operating room . she reached up her hand and gave a thumbs up . he stood there until the operation room  s swinging doors stopped swaying , and his sight to the room was lost . a hospital assistant grabbed him and took him to the waiting area . newline newline he sat on the chair with his head in his hands . left alone to think he thought of something he wanted to say ,  i love jasmine , you are so strong . not all strength can be seen , and even though it may not look it now . you are the strongest person i  ve ever met . i love you so much.  he picked up his head and vowed he would tell this to her when she comes out of the surgery . newline newline the surgery was supposed to last three hours . at the fourhour mark , he grew restless and began to pace the waiting area . the hospital assistant just watched , knowing nothing she could say would relax the nervous father . an hour later one of the nurses emerged into the room . she had some blood on her scrubs , and she was smiling .  mr . peterson , jasmine did wonderfully . we removed all of the tumor and we expect she will make a full recovery.  the father didn  t quite know what to say , he fell to his knees and began to cry . except for the first time in years , his tears would be one of joy . newline what do you mean a pyramid ?  asked louise testily . newline newline  i mean there is a great big fucking pyramid in the middle of the forest.  andrew replied , still somewhat shocked . the choppers cameras were playing up but the image was real , andrew was staring at it . he had flown over this area at least thirty times and had never seen it before . newline newline  holy shit , is it , it looks black , is that the image or   louise started to say as the image finally appeared on the monitor in front of her . newline newline  it looks like glass , maybe obsidian ?  he replied . he flew closer and after he dropped down level with the structure he noticed that while it looked reflective there was none , below him the canopy was not reflected and neither was the chopper .  it doesn  t seem to be reflecting anything.  he said , as much to himself as anyone else . newline newline  but you said it looked like glass , is it transparent ?  louise asked . newline newline  no , it looks solid , it looks like it should be reflective but it just  isn  t.  andrew replied . he started to circle the structure and noticed as he did that each side was identical , it had the same light pattern across the surface that created the illusion that it was reflective . newline newline  this thing is  weird , it  s seriously trippy.  he said , unable to find a better description . newline newline  look , i  m not getting any more images , maybe you should come back we can check the cameras and   louise started before . newline newline  shit  there  s , some interference on my nav systems , it  be  can  t  hear me  going  s  elp.  andrew  s voice was gone , the signal dead , static rang out through the control room . louise turned to see everyone staring at her , they seemed nervous , louise hoped she didn  t . newline newline  excuse me for a minute will you.  she said to the room as she walked to the exit and pulled out her phone . newline  newline newline andrew came to staring at the ground  the sharp pain in his side was the first indication of what had happened . he tried to look around but his head was being blocked by something . all he could see was the chopper wreckage lying about forty feet to his left . the craft didn  t seem to be that badly damaged , although he could see that it was missing a rotor blade . he cursed himself realising that he would have to walk back to base , if he could get out of the tree he was currently impaled on . he felt the wound and guessed that it couldn  t be that deep  there wasn  t that much blood loss . he tipped his head forward and then quickly threw it back , relieved that his head struck the cushioned headrest of the dropseat . newline newline he moved his along the branch and after a few moments stopped , it was too thick to snap . he reached into his pocket , hoping louise hadn  t taken it out this time . he smiled as he pulled out the small swissarmy knife . he opened the small saw blade and began to cut the branch , leaving about six inches between his side and the cut point . as he slowly worked the blade he could feel the dull vibration inside of his body . once the branch had been cut away andrew slid his hand to the harness release on his chest . newline newline looking down he guessed that he was about four metres from the ground . he took a deep breath and , with one hand on his side he clicked the release and closed his eyes against the sudden rush of air hit his face . as he hit the ground andrew felt a sudden shock of pain , he had landed badly , and he hoped that the pain in his leg was just a sprain . he took a deep breath as he tried to stand , the pain washing through his body as did . the branch in his side was sending lightning bolts of pain through his side and his leg was throbbing steadily to match his heartbeat . he slowly walked towards the chopper and once there he tried to power it up but without the dropseat it was useless . he sat on the ground  his back pressed against the cool metal and closed his eyes . newline  newline newline  sir we just lost contact.  louise said into her phone . newline newline  what happened ?  asked a man  s voice on the other end . newline newline  who is this , where is general mcallister ?  louise asked puzzled . newline newline  he is  away from his desk at present , i  m general taylor , miss brooker , what exactly happened ?  said the man , his voice was deep and he sounded older to louise . newline newline  captain rooker sir , we lost contact with him , he was on a routine observation pass when he discovered a  structure , a pyramid sir , one that wasn  t there before and he , well after he flew closer for a look we started to get some interference on his comms and then they went dead.  louise answered quickly . newline newline  i see , well what do want from us ?  asked taylor . newline newline  i need you to run a satellite sweep of the area , we need to find out where rooker is , i can give you his last coordin   louise started . newline newline  miss brooker , we know the coordinates , we have been tracking the sigma  s progress , unfortunately we seem to be unable to see him.  interjected taylor . newline newline  what the hell do you mean ?  louise shouted . newline newline  our satellites in that region are registering the area as a black spot  there is some sort of interference.  replied taylor . newline newline  so what now , do we send in a rescue unit ?  louise asked . newline newline  we could but unfortunately we seem to be having other problems ?  said taylor . newline newline  like ?  asked louise impatiently . newline newline  haven  t you seen ? those pyramids are everywhere  we count at least one hundred and six , in various places around the planet.  taylor answered . louise stepped into the room and realised that the others were staring at the live news feed the was showing footage of the other pyramids that had appeared in london , paris , berlin , moscow , bangladesh and many other places . she dropped the phone and stared at the screen , transfixed . she walked to the centre console . newline newline  please don  t do anything stupid andy.  she said staring at the blurry image on the monitor . newlineit was my second time on the iss and it s as amazing as it was the first time . being in space with no gravity holding you down , it s such a surreal experience that i do nt believe anyone could ever get used to it , and the the earth , god its magnificent such a beautiful scenery . the light , the dark that is the ocean , the never ending space surrounding it , the bright star that is our sun a bit further from the earth . wait , what , where is it ? i was just looking at it . it s supposed to be right there , i was just looking at it . i quickly call out to kyle to came and see this and tell him to look to the earth . i swear to god rick if this is another of your stupid pranks i m gon . silence fell over us . where is it ? where is our planet ? its supposed to be right there . but it s not there anymore . all thats left is the endless dark matter that s all over the universe . in it all the only ones left are two guys , needles to say  it s gon na be a pain in the ass .4   newline newline you know , i do nt even remember why i did it . when they implemented this system , made it mandatory for everyone to be linked to their cell phones , the new models ? the ones they said were pretty much impervious and would last the rest of our lives ? newline newline i did nt tell anyone my phone number . newline newline no , not even you . newline newline surprised ? newline newline i know what you re thinking . that you ve seen me making and taking calls , hell , that you ve called me on this same number . so how is it that i never told anyone my phone number ? newline newline surprise . newline newline i guess i failed to mention that i had a second number . a second phone . newline newline it s not hard , really . all it takes is a little paranoia , and someone with knowledge of the system looking to make a little extra cash . get them to create an extra account in the supposedly foolproof system , of a guy with the same name , birthday and details , and poof . you can send out another phone to link to another account with all the accurate details . newline newline and most importantly ? a phone that nobody knows about . newline newline 3   newline newline you know what the problem was ? i never bothered fucking upgrading the fucking thing . battery improvements , satellite tracking , all of that jazz , i just forgot over the years . did nt even think about it , really . newline newline i d created my secret  phone as a lark , remember ? what did i care if it was the base model or not ? i just charged it once every night and that was all i did with it . only kept it around because it was the actual phone linked to my heartbeat . did nt touch it otherwise . newline newline hell , did nt even think about it otherwise . newline newline the new phones ? with their upgraded batteries ? they ll last for days . newline newline the original model ? twentyfour hours and that s it . newline newline which leaves me in a bit of a bind , does nt it ? newline newline 2   newline newline to be honest , i did nt think our marriage was quite this bad . newline newline sure , we had our problems , but were they problems enough to kill for ? i certainly did nt think so . newline newline ... clearly , you felt differently . newline newline technological marvels , they called em . link your phone to your identity and your life . ca nt even begin to imagine how anyone thought that d be a good idea . newline newline you drove me out here , tied up like a pig . rolled me out of the car and drove off , my phone sitting securely next to you in the passenger seat . newline newline what was there to ensure ? you knew my number . you ve seen me use that phone day in , day out , for three years of dating and ten years of marriage . you were so sure that that was my phone . you were sure enough that you did nt even imagine the possibility that you might have been wrong . newline newline 1   newline newline i wish i could see it . the look on your damned face when you get back into town . newline newline i wish i could see that wideeyed , fishmouthed look of surprise on your face when the cops pick you up . when they play this message for you . newline newline the sedative wore off a little before midnight . i woke up with 8  left on my battery . not enough time to get anyone to come out and pick me up , to save my life . newline newline but more than enough juice to call the cops , let them know what happened . to record this message to be played back to you when they catch you . newline newline one percent left . not too long now . newline newline i ve already called my parents , told them that i loved them . newline newline so i guess there s only one thing left to say . newline newline i want a divorce . newline newline 0  every day newline newline she s the same newline dark skin newline bright blue shadow newline pale white and blue newline sparkle over red cheeks newline never looking up newline when girls call newline for the circus master newline newline i think she must wake newline tired , broken newline she must wake and look newline practice smiling in the mirror newline never getting it right newline paint it on instead newline call it good newline newline the boy is thin newline pal skin stretched newline out like a drum newline hair like a nest newline rats have wandered through newline he must smell newline of old socks and dust newline girls give him newline a wide berth newline newline only this girl newline she watches him newline her lashes droop newline onto her cheeks newline when he stands next newline to her locker newline spinning his lock newline until it pops open newline newline he leaves her newline waiting newline watching the trail newline of his coat threads newline past his sneakers newline newline i think i should leave a note newline but where would i get newline red lipstick ? newline my mother does nt wear any newline my wife does , newline though she s not mine anymore newline newline what would i write ? newline a young girl in love newline must be confusing newline dizzy , strange newline newline instead i leave newline a photograph of a woman newline black and white newline her beard dark newline against the white newline of her teeththe entire room shook , it shook so hard i was sure the nuts and bolts holding the place together will surely fall apart . my father was at the pilot seat . he was pushing on the stick as hard as he could , but it seems to make the room groaned as it shook . despite the chaos , the situation seems mesmerizing . a little gray figure with big eyes were pushing against a stick to try and stop the shaking of the room . newline newline  hold on tight , son !  father screamed at me in their tongue . he seems persistent that we must learn their language if we are going to live by them . i have always wondered , why can  t they learn our tongue ? it wasn  t even that hard to learn . i grabbed my seat and the rooms gravitational pull flipped upsidedown , nearly pulling me up . the objects that rattled off the shelves onto the floor flew up . the speed of which i flew toward the ceiling knocked me out . newline newline i woke up in the room  the ceiling light flickered in my face , irritating me . i felt hands grabbing me ,  they would consider us as monsters.  my father voice echoed in my head .  so always avoid contact as often as you can.  i shook my whole body , surprising the captors . i fisted his large head , which caused him to stagger back . i bolted out of the room and into the green floor . i ran past what they would call  trees.  columns of brown rough substance were what they were . newline newline  hey , get back here !  i heard them calling out , throughout the chaos of escaping , i got a glimpse of my father . his formerly black eyes were completely white . a sign among us that death had taken him . so it was no use going back . as i passed a tree , it exploded , sending bits onto me . it was followed by a large crack that sounded like two crafts crashing into each other at high speed . newline newline i took this as a danger and ran even faster . but a sharp pain shot up my leg , causing me to collapse . they gathered around me within minutes . my blue blood flowed out of the hole on my leg and puddle beneath me , my blood was reflective so i stared at my black eyes and gray skin . newline newline they were pointing objects at me . their arm seems to be tensed as they held it . one of them grinned .  you  re not going anywhere now , alien . you see , we have a good life here . we don  t need you or any other of your species messing around with that . therefore you don  t exist , even as of now.  he raised an arm , causing flashes of light out of the surrounding humans  objects . more pain shot up all over my body . the leader placed down his arm , ceasing the pain and the flashes . newline newline  poor , poor thing.  he laughed as he walked past me , not caring that he stepped into my blue blood . as the group walked back to my father  s craft . i spoke to them . newline newline  and they called us monsters.  i looked down before they could look back at me . i stared at my reflection  the edges of my eyes were slowly turning gray . my visions turning into pitch black .the reporters are surprised and confused by this  wrinkled  old man s response . one young reporter asks ,  what do you mean , mr . grabowski ?  newline newline jacob grabowski , aka titan grey , looks at all the young reporters and then at a candle on his table stand . he places his hand over the flame and slowly lowers it down . the reporters start to get nervous . a reporter says ,  hey , what are you !  newline newline titan then says ,  death has been afraid of me since my earliest memories .  newline newline one reporter tries to stand up to stop titan from burning his hand . but titan quickly signals him to sit back down . titan continues ,  i never knew my real parents or the exact place i was born . but as baby , i remember crawling around in the cold forests of poland , which was ruled by imperial russia at the time .  newline newline a reporter roars out ,  would you please remove your hand ? ! you are killing yourself !  newline newline titan looks back at them and replies ,  heat and cold does nt bother me ! i have been fighting the deadly forces of nature and man s foolish desire for absolute power all my life .  titan removes his hand from the flame and shows the reporters that his burn is quickly healing . newline newline the reporters are stunned and almost speechless . a reporter hesitantly asks ,  hhow are you ...  newline newline titan responds ,  how am i alive ? like i said , i make sure that death is too scared to come after you . my story is long , brutal , and very much weird after 1940 . so i will tell the many wars of eastern europe . i was adopted by a kind innkeeper . she was nice and nurturing . she helped me to be caring and strong within . but her drunk of a husband never liked me . he continuously tried to make my childhood a living hell . my mother tried to shield my from his blows . but he always found a way to get to me . one day when i was a young man ...  newline newline a reporter asks ,  are you okay ?  newline newline titan replies ,  i ran away from home after i had a fight with that lousy drunk . i spent weeks alone out in the wilderness . it was very peaceful and relaxing until the first battle .okay , so janitor is nt the best job in the world . i got that . but it turns out , that s my job , so i m just going to have to live with it . newline newline the other day , i was restocking the vending machines in dosett high school because the vending machine restocked had taken a trip to tomboktu . so i was forced with having this very tedious , very monotonous task of restocking all the 10 vending machines in this huge school . i know janitor can be boring , but this is like ... the worst thing in the world . newline newline so i put on an audiobook or a podcast on my phone , i ca nt remember which , and started doing the bewilderingly boring task of unlocking the money box , taking out the money , opening the vending machine itself , and restocking anything that needed restocking , which happened to be every . single . one ! . newline newline part of my exceedingly tedious task of restocking the machine is making sure nothing is in the little bon where you pick up your stuff . i put my hand in , more as a formality since there never actually were things in there . newline newline my hand numbed against an object . newline newline i did nt bother with it though . i took my hand out and started refilling the newline newline tick , tick , tick , tock ... newline newline i glanced up at the wall . there was no clock there . i looked at my watch . 9:30 pm , but that was t causing the ticking . newline newline then i realized what the object was in the retrieval bin . horrible thoughts came to me instantly and for a while i stood petrified , but then i realized that just thinking about it , no matter how hard , would nt do anything about it . i kneeled down and opened the bin . a little light was emanating from the object which i thought was a bomb . i took it out . newline newline to my shock , it was not a bomb at all . it was a square screen with nothing on it . the beeping was still going . i had no idea what to do . then , the screen turned on . there was a hazy , shady profile of a person of somekind . all i could make out were two , glowing , mean eyes . newline newline  so you fell for it , huh ? haha ! i knew it would work ! you silly mortal ...   his voice was very raspy and gurgling . i shivered with fear . mortal ? did that imply that he was immortal ?  you speak with an immortal !   well , there you go .  but now , there  nothing you can do about it . mwahahaha  newline newline  do about what ?  i asked . newline newline  you dare interrupting me , mortal ? ! ! you can do nothing about your imminent death . i have minions all around the building ! i shall prevail ! ! ! mwahahaha  newline newline  minions ? what are you talking about ? i think you ve got the wrong guy .  newline newline suddenly , a hard , leathery hand grabbed my neck and hoisted me up high above the ground . i dropped the screen . the voice rumbled .  my name is hactar ! ! ! i shall rule the world once again ! ! ! the universe shall bow at my feet ! ! !   newline newline i was beginning to fade out as i saw a white , spherical object materialize out of thin air above hactar s glowing face .  this is the supernova bomb ! ! it shall destroy the universe ! ! ! minion , kill him !   after a pause , he added ,  oh , and mortal , die peacefully with knowing that you failed at being the last person to save the universe from destruction ! ! ! !  newline newline the screen faded to black . either that , or i did . well , it all started when i woke up . i fell off my bed and landed on my neck .  newline newline  wow , that was a short  newline newline  but luckily my shoulder caught against the nightstand so i ended up with nothing worse than a few bruises . then on my way to work , from out of nowhere a car ran right into  newline newline  no shame in that , auto accidents are a pretty common way to go  newline newline  a news stand next to me . newspapers exploded everywhere but nobody was seriously hurt . i noticed on the front page that there was some crime going down that people were investigating .  newline newline  can you keep moving forward with your story or step aside ? this line is nt getting any shorter , you know .  newline newline  anyway , i got to work and ordered a coffee , but then it spilled all over me !  newline newline  you died from spilled coffee ?  newline newline  no , but then while i was in the bathroom the building collapsed .  newline newline  and how does that qualify you to get into heaven ?  newline newline  is this heaven ? i did nt think heaven had lines  newline newline  we re short handed with all the disasters lately . so why should i let you in ?  newline newline  you probably should nt . i m not especially helpful .  newline newline  there s the kind of humility we re looking for , not to mention all the positive reports from family and people you ve met , so go on in . next ! i somehow knew this would happen . the little voice in the back of my mind screamed itself hoarse the day i trusted you . newline newline i trusted you ! you , a serial killer ! i was just a means to an end . what made me think i was special ? newline newline you . you made me feel special . even as i stand here , knife in my chest , i can not help but feel enraptured by your smile at the other end of the knife . newline newline sinking to my knees , i do nt break eye contact . you gather my quickly growing limp body into your arms and plant a kiss on my temple . newline newline i reach a shaky hand to snare my fingers in your hair and use the rest of my waning strength to press my lips to yours . newline newline i feel you dab at my eyes with what was once an immaculately folded handkerchief . was i crying ?  sleep now .  you murmured reassuringly into my ear . newline newline  save you a seat by the ffire .  the last word is interrupted by a cough , splattering blood on your dangerously perfect face . you do nt bother to wipe it away . newline newline  i would nt expect anything less .  newline newlinea warmth coursing through my body is the first thing i notice . my blood , i think , just my blood pulsing out from my center to my farthest parts and back . i m not sure i ve ever felt it so strong , my veins so full . newline newline i feel a pressure on the back of my head , then also on my back , hips , and legs . i am laying down , i realize . i am stiff . i must have been here for some time . as i lay there the pressure becomes sharper . the floor is hard and uneven , its raised edges pushing into my skin . what am i doing on the floor ?  i wonder . newline newline i open my eyes and let them adjust to see a dull bluegrey room . it is small and empty , the only thing i can see is a wooden door and single dome light hanging from the ceiling by just a few spliced wires . there are no windows and no furniture and it all strikes me as completely unfamiliar . my heart suddenly sinks with a slight sense of panic . i have no idea where i am . newline newline i start to get up to get a better look around the room and figure out where i am . as i do this , i notice the warmth in my veins again , except this time it aches in each of my limbs . it s startling , a sensation i ve never felt before . i place my other hand down to steady myself and feel an odd shape in my grip . newline newline the shape , i find as i lift my hand , is a gun . beside it is a syringe and both rest on a piece of paper . what the hell is going on ?  i ask myself . i try to remember what happened before i woke up , but despite all efforts i ca nt bring anything to mind . but by anything , i do nt mean just whatever would have brought me here . i mean anything . nothing is there in my now throbbing mind . no events , no memories , not even a name . i am completely unknown to myself . newline newline after spending too much time trying to conjure some sort of memory , i finally give up . i decide to look at the objects in front of me again . the plunger in the syringe is depressed all the way . i take the paper from under the gun and syringe in hopes it would offer some sort of clue as to what was going on . it is a note with only two handwritten words with underlines under each : to forget . newline newline an alarming thought enters my mind . i examine my arms until i see what i was hoping not to . a small spot of dried blood sat in the pit of my left elbow . the warmth i felt throughout my body was not my blood but something foreign coursing through me . whatever was in this syringe must now be in me . newline newline what is in me ? did someone do this to me ?  by now the ache in my limbs has waned and the warmth is fading , but its thickness still leaves an impression . i look at the paper again . to forget . such a vague message leaves me with no answers except what i already knew : i ve forgotten everything . then another frightening thought hits me : what if this was some sort of serum that erased all of my memories ?  newline newline i start wondering what was so important for me to forget , or for someone else to erase . i stand up and check my pockets for any other clues as to who or where i am . of course they re empty . i start feeling dizzy so i lean against the wall to wait for the feeling to dissipate . newline newline instead the sensation gets worse . suddenly memories overwhelm me . horrors , atrocities , tragedies . answers to all of my questions flood my mind . answers i do nt like . answers i do nt want . answers i want to forget . and then , clarity on the moments before i woke . newline newline i did this to myself . i thought it could erase just what i wanted to forget about myself , what i was ashamed of , or at least everything and start new . i was wrong , but i had a plan just in case . the note did nt just come with the syringe , it came with the gun . i now have found that the only way to truly forget was to pull the trigger .i was so high up . i kept putting my hair behind my ear the same way over and over and the wind kept taking it from me and blowing it in my face . my bowels were ice . the enormous building across from me reflected the sky : perfect blue . it was the most perfect thing i d seen in my entire life . everything was beautiful and would stay beautiful forever if i could keep that moment . newline newline no one yelled for me not to jump . the building was too tall for me to hear them even if they were yelling even if there was someone down there . i listened to the cacophony of city noises . the perfect blue day was filled with angry traffic . i did nt want to hear it . the mostperfectbeautifulblueskyreflection moment was gone and i could nt get it back . i am afraid of heights  this building is too tall for me to be here . the building across from me would have been even scarier . i came up here on purpose , knowing that it would be high enough that my organs would all rupture and my skin would nt be able to hold all the pressure from the impact and i would be a big splat on the street below and they would scrape me up into a bag instead of carting me off to a hospital . newline newline i tamed my hair again and took a step forward . i peeked over the edge and reeled back . it was so high in the air . falling would take so long . my bowels were ice and i tried to clasp my hands together to stop the shaking but put them in my pockets instead . this was right . this had to happen . there was no other alternative that i had nt already tried . this was it . newline newline no one knew i was up here . if i had been on a lower building , a  typical  jumping building , there would have been police cars and ambulances and people yelling  jump !  and  do nt jump !  all at once . i felt the heat build in my face and held my eyes open as i convulsed with sobs . i looked at the building across from me and i just wanted that beautiful blue sky reflection again . that perfect moment . that perfect , calm , serene moment where i am still and i am in perfect sync with the world . i wish i jumped then . i wish it could have been perfect , but now i m crying and this will just have to do . newline newline i put one foot up on the ledge and hoisted up onto it . i looked at the building across and the blue sky reflected nicely . i looked down at the street and leaned forward and stepped back off the ledge onto the roof . my bowels were still ice . the water i drank wanted to spew out of me . my breakfast was a slush and i did nt want the city workers whose job it was to clean me up to have to clean that up too . i had spent too much time cleaning up messes to want to make someone else clean up a mess i made . i had spent most of the day worrying about landing on a car or a person and causing a lot of paperwork and damage and maybe hurting someone other than myself . newline newline the sky was still blue and my hair would nt stay put . i finally just put it up and sat down on the roof and looked at the sky  the real sky , not the reflection . it was blue and cloudless and perfect in every way i was not . it was the thing i wanted to be . i wished i could get high enough to run my fingers along it and see it ripple like still water . it would always be perfect . newline newline i stood up and looked at its reflection in the building across from me . my bowels were icy and i knew it would be an injustice to the people who had to clean me up . i apologized to them silently . the reflection was very beautiful . it was beautiful enough . newline newline i put one leg up on the ledge and hoisted myself up . i stood up and looked up at the reflection and then at the sky itself . it was perfect . i leaned forward and did my best to look at the sky on the whole way down . it s tough business being the only good merchant between the free cities , and the mountains to the east . adventurers come in either going to go dungeoneering , pioneering , or just plain exploring and are always requesting topnotch gear that ca nt really be supplied that often . mostly because caravans rarely come out this far so most of my stock comes from returning adventurers . there was one time that this guy sells me an amazing , never dulling , magic sword just mumbling something about low dps , weak cleave dmg ...  but i had to buy the damn thing because i knew it could turn a profit and ...  i babbled on . newline newline  dude , i just need some harness rope , some spare arrows , and a better bomb bag . i really do nt need your life story  said the adventurer in front of me . newline newline as he left my wife came up and tried to comfort me . she cooed over me saying i was her hero  but i knew she did nt mean it . i saw the way she swooned over every conan  or hercules  that wandered into my shop . maybe i was just bitter . maybe i had a right to be mad . maybe i should stop talking to myself . newline newline    newline newline the week trudged on until one day , a messenger bearing a royal decree appeared with a new doctrine . it read ,  due to the swell in adventuring tourists , and potential market boom this could bring as valuables are brought from ruins : all shopkeepers must purchase anything made of precious metal that is determined to come from the mountains .  newline newline  this is horrible ,  i said to the messenger ,  there is no way i want to buy thirty pots , pans , plates , and a couple rusty swords from some copy and paste , silent adventurer just because he shares dragon blood  or something . i am already abused enough as a shop keep , why do i have to purchase all of these artifacts and ruins that i could never possibly sell ! plus , half of my valuable merchandise gets stolen by sneaktheives and sweet role stealers . so no ! i refuse ! i will travel to the king s castle , bang down his door , and demand that this law be removed . i wo nt buy another piece of crap from adventurers until they at least stop trying to put a bucket over my head to steal the stuff in front of me .  newline newline so i gathered up some supplies from my stock , grabbed that magic sword , and headed towards the king the next morning . newline newline newline newline note : first attempt at writing here , its prob not very good but i wanted to see what i can do . honest constructive criticism would be gladly appreciated .my lungs vacated every last bit of air i could muster as i screamed , careening through the air toward the walls . i inwardly had to admit that this was the most amazing moment of my life , even if it was my last . i watched the large garrison walls approach rapidly , knowing soon that i would be splattered against the mossy stone . newline newline a bodysized hole in the sky opened wide , a black void that must have led to the devil himself . i had cared for my family , taken pity on the poor was i deserving of the depths of blackness , the inevitable lake of fire ? as i traversed the threshold of the thick black circle that floated listlessly in the air in front of me , stark , otherworldly colors exploded into vision . my body was slowed to a halt inside some strange chamber made of smooth glossy stones i had never before witnessed . large pillars with snaky vines that glowed with light wrapped around the chamber , with a sealed circular exitpath at the end of it . newline newline i hovered perfectly in the air until some unseen force lowered us down , and then i realized that i had not been thrown into the fiery depths of hell , but given to the gates of heaven . they were nothing like what i had imagined , and when at last , i finally was lowered to the ground , the seal opened bright white light pouring into the chamber . two dark bodies emerged from the blinding precipice human beings . they wore strange clothing , smooth black garments that draped loosely across their torsos and legs , comfortably fitting their bodies . they were dressed in the style of peasants , but their clothes were clean and the black coloring was stark , with outlines of white around their sleeves and necklines . newline newline  can you understand me ?  one asked in perfect french . newline newline  you are you the gatekeeper ?  i fumbled helplessly . newline newline  i m sorry ?  he pondered . newline newline  the are you the gatekeeper of heaven ?  i replied . newline newline  the oh ... no , no . i m so sorry , this is nt heaven . oh , it s not hell , or purgatory no need to worry . we need your assistance . we re going to put you back where you came from in just a moment .  newline newline  i m not i m not dead ?  i asked , touching my chainmail and flicking my exposed toes on my bootless foot . newline newline  no , you re alive we just ... well , we got really lucky with you getting attached to that trebuchet ,  he said his partner chuckling slightly . as they moved close to me , the other opened a small case he was holding and revealed an otherworldly item .  we need you to travel to london and meet a woman . she goes by the alias of ellaine sallas her real name is vega coldathis . do you understand ?  newline newline  i ... i suppose ,  i stammered . newline newline  good . i know this is a lot to take in , but we need you to get this item to her as quickly as you can . i know that you re very engaged with the war , but we need you to get to london . it s crucally important . if you do this , we ll watch over you make sure you are taken care of , and your family is cared for , for the rest of your life . will you do that for us ?  his partner looked at me expectantly as they pushed the case toward me . the small silver block inside had narrow , chiseled inscriptions across it . my wide , terrified eyes moved back up to them and i made a decision . newline newline  i will do this for you ,  i determined . newline newline  alright ,  he confirmed and handed me a note as i took the object from the case .  this is her address , and on the back of this note there are instructions for her . i promise you , this is nt witchcraft or anything devious we re just human beings like you ... we re just from a very very different place . are you alright with all of this ?  he asked gently . newline newline  i understand ,  i acknowledged , staying as calm as i could . with that , the man nodded to me and squeezed my shoulder , and in a moment , they had vacated the chamber . the black vortex appeared behind me and i prepared myself to move back into my world . i emerged into a large grassy meadow , and watched down the road as the garrison of dover was attacked ruthlessly . i turned my head away and looked at the road which i could best determine led toward london .harry was crowing . his proclamation of dawn s arrival was always my favourite , and i began to rouse from my slumber until i felt someone s beak on my back . newline newline  shhh , lovey . do nt open your eyes . sleep in today .  newline newline  brogan ? quit playing around . let s go get some food  i m hungry .  i started to stand up , but brogan pushed me back down with her head . newline newline something was wrong . newline newline  just hang out here for a bit , lovey . would you like me to sing you a song ? i can sing  go tell aunt rhodie  , while you imagine ol  irma drowning in the mill pond . that mean bird could really use some water in her lungs . i swear , just the  newline newline  brogan , what s wrong ?  i asked . i made no move to free myself from her grasp . the coop was gradually quieting , and although i was curious as to why , brogan s mood disturbed me greatly , and i wanted to help her . newline newline  nothing s wrong . i just wanted to sleep in today , and i thought my favourite partnerincrime might keep me company .  newline newline her voice was brimming with sadness and tinged with fear . suddenly , i could hear the sound of alarmed squawking in the distance , and i began to connect the dots . our eggs had stopped falling a few days ago , and i had noticed in my time on the farm that other chickens always disappeared shortly after their eggs stopped falling . we were about to learn what happened to them . newline newline  brogan , do you ... do you know where we re going today ?  newline newline  to a new farm , lovey . one where the coop is always open , and there are no mean geese .  she was weeping as she gently groomed my back , lightly distributing her tears across my feathers , and i lowered my head as understanding washed over me . newline newline suddenly , my back was cold . i turned to find brogan in the hands of the female human . she stroked brogan gently and spoke to her in soft , gentle tones , but her hands were covered in blood and smelled like death . newline newline brogan began singing as she was carried off , and i hung on every word as she faded into the distance . newline newline  go tell aunt rhodie , go tell aunt rhodie , go tell aunt rhodie , the ol  grey goose is dead . she died in the millpond , died in th  newline newline there was silence . i smelled the blood again , and those filthy hands wrapped themselves around me , staining my white feathers . as i was carried from the coop , i looked into the sun . it blinded me , and then i knew nothing more . first time writing in a few years . decided to set this in a fantasy world i created for d  d  newline newline a chorus of birds song , a bright and warming sun shining through the trees , an endless sea of shade . home , at last , ygdrasil forest an endless living changing maze of trees , moss , and countless troops of mushrooms marching up and down the pathways known only to mice and gnomes . newline although , i still lament my birth forest , it has been many tens of years since living there has been possible for anything , ygdrasil is the sacred forest where of my people , where the gnomes first grew like fruit from the great tree at the heart of the forest . newline my home once had a great tree at it s center , but the tree was damaged . murdered . the sacred object that gave life to that place was stolen , rended from the very center of the trunk , the tree dried up and forest soured . i spent years trying to find the ones that did this , and bring them to the justice of the forest . newline i spent years in a guild of assassins . the shadow cloak sly . i was the illusionist . tricker of guards , distractor of targets , i was the parry before the final blow , and i was the best one they had . newline i had spent years amassing techniques and spells from every copper piece circus wizard , gypsies , and charlatan i ever came across . i had a whole book of tricks i could use in any situation . numbered and coded , these tricks were known the the others on the team and made me the perfect back up man . i hardly ever had to kill anyone . newline newline today as i wrote my memoirs by the sunlight coming through the window in my room inside the tree i call my home . a shadow blocked the light alerting me to the decrepit messenger crow outside , whom i knew very well from my time in the guild , fridget , was his name and with him came a chilling breeze that gripped my bones not only from the northern winds , but from the face looking at me from the parchment in his beak . newline newline distraction  27 : the gimwald grimmly coin newline newline i remember the day in the guild , my superior entered my room and said there was a client to meet with near the usual place , that this one really wants to remain unknown but still needs to meet with someone . the usual place was the back of a cemetery outside of a large city i am unwilling to name . the entire place was kept under perpetual fog through guild means . i arrived after the man , this is always good because i do nt have to waiting around hiding i can skip right up to  appearing suddenly  . newline  name the life you wish to have taken by the sly .  this was the prescribed thing to say when  appearing suddenly  behind someone by the guild charters . naturally the cloaked man jumped and whirled around looking for who had spoke , he looked down saw me and then lowered his hood . newline i recognized him immediately . he was a famous bard from the region , a singer and a lute player . loved by many . i hid my excitement for the sake of professionalism . which is easy to do behind a black mask with a skull painted on it . newline  me , gimwald grimmly  he spoke calmly at first but then sped up in a nervousness i had never seen during his performances  but only on one condition ... only if i retire from preforming , and then later try to return to live music in my old age .  i knew exactly what he was talking about . jesselbe hornwick an old flute player who was traveling the country side on a comebacktour rotting out the ears of everyone along the red river . i had heard him from across the street from the pub the night before and i skipped my evening ale because of it . newline apparently mr. grimmly felt the same way and wanted to make sure that the same fate of old age and illusions of grandeur would nt befoul his own good name . newline however the only problem with this was for me was that this was a conditional contract on himself . guild bylaws speculate that the money can not be taken upfront , and only a small  goodfaith  payment was allowed . this small payment was nt worth the chance to have something better . newline newline illusion magic is difficult and takes a lot out of you . so if you can use an enchanted item to get the same result , even better , the only difficulty here is that the object you are using has no will of it s own to create the illusion . it can only use what you can physically put into it . so , an enchanted rock that creates an image and sound of a gizzly bear roaring when someone walks near it . requires a rock and an angry grizzly bear . newline i quickly realized this bard was the perfect subject for such an enchantment , and i struck a deal with him . i would carry out the hit if the prerequisite occurred and since he could nt provide payment upfront i asked for him to provide payment in his will to pay one of my false identities if he died on stage after the age of 50 . he was hesitant to go forward . but when i told him about waving the goodfaith payment in exchange for a song performance he came around quickly . he was actually pretty surprised that i wanted him to do such a thing . i guess being asked for a song from a guy in a black mask painted like a skull would surprise anyone given the circumstances . newline but , i could tell that the voice in his head that wanted the best deal and most bang for his buck had overwon him at that point and he agreed . shaking my hand sealed the contract . newline newline i used that coin hundreds of times and it saved my neck at least a dozen more . i was a really big fan of grimmly , and since i am being honest , i played it pretty often just for myself . newline i still have it , in my a special pouch , full of entertaining little things , for when an old gnome has nothing to do but wait to feed the trees . and now i am looking into the face of grimwald although now it s an etching on a scroll of parchment . withe the words 72nd birthday reunion show . and although i am grateful to see my old friend , friget . i still grimace as i feed her what seeds i have .  this is not how i want to spend my autumn years . the cold shoulder newline newline cathy was giving jeffrey that look she always gave him when he got back home from work just before dawn . he was getting sick of it , sick of her . newline newline  for fuck s sake , give me a break and lighten up ! i do it all for you !  newline newline he got out of bed angrily , snatched his gum from the top of the bedside cabinet , and stormed across the room , through the patio doors and out to the back porch . he did nt give her a chance to retort . newline newline jeffrey chewed his nicotine gum and breathed slowly and steadily like the program said . in . count to 10 . out . count to 10 . repeat . it was nt working . newline newline he really could nt see what the big deal was . he loved his work , that was all . that was a status that few living souls could realistically claim to share . and cathy had benefited from it greatly . so what if it meant the occasional allnighter had to be pulled ? if it was nt for his commitment to quality and service , he would nt have the brand new shiny black caddy parked in the garage , or the great digs . newline newline when that call came in , you had to be ready . newline newline cosmeticallyenhanced human perfection was his art , an undying passion . it was universally agreed that he was a wizard , all his reviews said so . he dealt with the rich and famous , the  beautiful people  . he never tried to bring out the essence of what a person actually was , the aim of lesser artists . he tried to achieve the apex of their potential . the results were stunning . nobody had ever looked better before they came through his doors  and nobody would ever look better after they left his care for socalled greener pastures . when they were in his capable hands , however , they were the best version of themselves that ever existed . and it paid well . newline newline jeffrey was in love with his art , and probably himself a little , but he loved cathy . he assumed that she was back to her old ways  jealous of the time he spent with his glamourous clientele , suspicious that he was having affairs with them . she was right , of course . jeffrey always made it a rule to spend at least one night with them  the prettier ones at least ! but she did nt understand the process . when they were his to remake , they were his muse , his canvas . he only had eyes for them until his work was complete . the physical side was a means of discovery . without knowing them intimately , he felt that he had no hope of reaching their highest achievable level of beauty . and it had worked pretty well so far  nobody had ever complained about the results ! newline newline cathy was nt always distant . he could dimly recall them both being happy . she used to be so sociable with the neighbours , her old friends , with everyone she met in fact . he missed that side of her , and he suspected that she did too but she just would nt admit it . newline newline cathy once enjoyed the good life , for sure , and he was happy to allow his gift to provide her the means to do so . he still did that ! he made sure that she was his number one priority , both personally and professionally . she was still a vision that none of those other women could ever hope to match , when he worked his magic . newline newline but the magic was getting harder to work . newline newline she never seemed to take advantage of her opportunities any more . staying at home almost all the time , unless he made the effort to get her out of the house  it just was nt conducive to a healthy existence . newline newline he was closest to her , so he saw her change the most . she lost that joie de vivre , that playful spirit that once enthused him . and it was nt a gradual process  ever since that big fight about his extracurricular activities that resulted in the original termination of their relationship , she was nt the same with him . the end was nt as final as it might have been if he had nt taken pains to try and hold things together . even though their marriage had formally ended , she had never felt the need to leave their shared home , thanks  he figured  to his persistence and desire . newline newline even now , many moons later , he was still trying to get things back to how they were before she found out the truth , but it just was nt happening . nothing had worked . deep down , he knew that there was no desire to relive the good old days left in her . newline newline but why did she have to be so blatant about it ? he was struggling to recall what it felt like when she was warm and inviting to him in any way . newline newline brrr ! talking of frigidity ... .jeffrey realised he was stood outside on a late october night , naked , conversing with himself about the love of his life as if she was nt still in their shared bed . still with him . he regarded that as some comfort , a small victory . he swiftly reentered the house and tried to lighten the mood , to pretend that she was interested in his day . newline newline  anyway , this one was a doozy . a former model , no less ! she was a real mess . she needed the works . i had to pull out all the tricks in my bag , and believe me , when her husband saw what i had achieved with her , he just about broke down ! right there in front of me , in the reposing room !  newline newline cathy would nt acknowledge his presence nor his story . newline newline jeffrey sighed , turned out the bedside lamp , rolled over , and made love to his exwife more out of habit or a sense of duty than anything else . as usual , he did all the work and she just laid there . newline newline he finished , rolled back over and joined her in staring at the ceiling . one day , he really would give all this charade of a relationship up for dead , and find someone else to live with . it s not as if there were nt a steady stream of fresh candidates for the job ... newline newline he thought about the others for a long time , then looked over at her . newline newline she never looked more beautfiul than when she was sleeping , he thought . newline newline just one more night .chasity who have kept herself pure for years turned to wrath when she discovered no one wanted her past her prime . newline newline temperance beamed with pride as she alone remained untainted by the nonnecessaries of life . newline newline diligence , whose hard work brought many luxuries , was seduced by greed as he refused to spare anything short to those who needed it most . newline newline patience waited for opportunities to come to her , eventually turning to sloth . newline newline charity gave everything she had and now sulks in bitter envy as others live better than she . newline newline kindness grew to gluttony as he was too kind to turn down gift or two or three to himself . newline newline and humility was never afraid to show his flaws , but how can he not stare with lust at those who were perfect ? newline newline how did i do ?my father was standing on the balcony when i found him , silhouetted by the setting sun . his vestments were strewn across a chair and he had a drink in his hand . he sipped thoughtfully as he looked down across the bay where the fleet lay at anchor , the royal crest flapping in the breeze . newline newline  father ?  i ventured , quietly . he never was a particularly sociable man , and i hated interrupting him when he was in one of his moods . to my surprise i was met with a silence that stretched out between us instead of the usual bitter recriminations or cutting remarks . newline newline  yes , son ?  he asked after a while , not turning to look back at me . his shadow stretched across the floor , a silent affirmation of the presence of the man who held the lives of millions in his hands . i was still trying to sort out what i was going to say when he continued ,  your brother is dead . his party was ambushed on their way to the front . they delivered his head to me in a box.  anything else that i had thought to say slipped out of my head immediately . newline newline  he  newline newline  is dead , yes , please listen when i am speaking.  my father sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose .  i apologize , i am distraught.  i must admit i was rather taken aback , my father had never once apologized to me in the twenty or so odd years i had known him . as he turned to me i was suddenly struck by how old he seemed , an eternity of sorrows etched into the creases of his face .  i have sat on this throne for thirty one years , son . and what have i done in all that time ? i ignored the teachings of my own father , believing that the might of our kingdom was unstoppable . when i think back to the days of my youth i feel such foolishness . there is always more to learn , son . even after all this time.  newline newline i tried to stammer a response but i was still being crushed under the enormity of his simple proclamation . he continued on ,  and now look what i have done . the son i groomed and taught all the ways of warfare and rule is dead . killed in an instant by a lucky pack of scavengers . i have ignored you for too long , i fear . perhaps i saw in you too much of myself . your brother was very much like my father , you see . cunning , ruthless , with a keen eye for strategy.  newline newline  but he was the heir , sir.  i said , and through a haze of disbelief i remembered my brother  s wife .  his marriage has already been consummated , surely  newline newline  his wife bears no child.  he interrupted immediately .  and as the eldest living male descendent of my house , the throne falls to you . it will be a difficult road , my son , and we have so little time . perhaps i will come to realize that you will be a greater ruler than even your brother might have been.  newline newline i had never considered or even made pretensions to the throne  it had always been my brother  s birthright . but standing in my father  s quarters with the sea winds blowing in and the last sunset of summer sinking below the horizon , i could almost see myself there .  i will endeavor to do my best , father.  newline newline  here is your first lesson : be ever vigilant . across the sea there are many that would come to our shores and kill our people for wealth and enrichment . to the north and east enemies press in , looting villages and killing as they go.  he took a long draught and set his empty glass on the railing .  they call us monsters , son . and you must be ready.  newlinethis week , tim ate only one food . newline his best friend , spot . newline spot had been a good dog for 5 years . but when tim needed calories , and spot had a broken leg , what had to be done was quite obvious . newline using the last of the oil he bought from the farmers , tim deep fried his best friend after shooting his brain out with a pistol . newline a week ago tom sawed off spots broken leg while he slept . it was rather tough . once tom was done he gave spot back the bone . spot did nt want it , so tim tried to make the leg bones into a peg leg for spot so he could still use his leg . newline the bones ended up being sold to some hopeless farmers who wanted bonemeal for their garden . newline tim ate spot s ears now . he remembered how they had perked up when tim arrived home unexpectedly . newline an hour later , after devouring his best friend completely , he scraped the hide clean of fat . he would eat this in a day . newline the next year , he ate nothing .my bones rattle from the strain as i muster the strength to get back up . here s to dark magic . my joints snap back into place as i arise from a pile once more , a little worse for wear . i m ready for action , but the kid has seized the moment . rather than finish me off , he s moved on to the maneating plant . poor thing ca nt exactly run away from him . i can . i could just leave right now , move to some room he s already cleared ...  newline newline no . newline newline who does he think he is , barging in here ? this is our forest  i do nt care if he needs twenty drops of sun nectar . i tighten my grip around my rusty blade . the grooves are familiar and my bones fit comfortably where they ve worn away the leather . a here a loud hiss from the flytrap as the kid hacks away at it with his hammer . i bet he thinks he s saving the world . guess what kid , my world ended . a lifetime ago .  i wish i had vocal chords again as i run up behind him . newline newline he s too busy dodging noxious spit to see me stab him in the back . good job , flora .  the kid s quick to recover though . he steps back , avoiding my slash . then his hammer slams into my side . through my tattered armor i think i feel a rib crack . he does nt follow up . he starts walking backwards . where you goin  , kid ?  i stumble after him . slowly but surely i move after him . he dodges another glob of nasty from the maneater . then we re out of range and it s just me and him . he s taking me somewhere . newline newline i do nt care . i just want him gone . i just want to be left alone . newline newline he stops . i look around , wary of his next move . our forest is dangerous and beautiful , as it should be . i see that he s ruined both of those qualities as i gaze upon the bodies of my fellow monsters on the earthy ground beneath us . more dead plants . looks like even the fairies came out to play . i feel longforgotten rage well up as i see a fellow wight reduced to a pile of calcium in the ground below . why are you here , kid ? adventure ? experience ? gold ? just leave us alone .  there s only one thought on my mind as i lunge forward , pointy end first . newline newline screw you .  newline newline he jumps back , just out of reach and i try to regain my balance . before i can look up , my head is forced into the dirt by a healthy dose of blunt force . i hear him start rifling threw my pockets . i want to get up . i want to fight . i ca nt . not even my marrow stirs this time . he keeps what little there is to find and then i hear footsteps again , now getting softer and softer . he s walking away , probably in search of more loot , of a chest . newline newline i hope it s a mimic .fuffleduddle was staring at the intimidating red letters . newline newline  no dogs allowed newline newline  can you believe this ?  newline newline she stared at the bulldog , awaiting his response . newline newline the animal s snout slowly turned towards the glaring grey sign . newline newline  nothing special , i suppose this is usual .  newline newline  how could you say that !  newline newline the little toy poodle spoke with a highpitched insulted voice , in contrast to the slow and calm voice of the bulldog she just met . newline newline  do nt you think , that it is normal for us dogs not to enter a supermarket . it is nt particularly hygienic for us dogs to enter a place filled with food .  newline newline  and now your insulting my hygiene . sir i can assure you that my coat is brushed every hour by the best of the best .  newline newline all she got back was an empty glare , newline newline  i am of a noble breed !  newline newline  sure .  newline newline the bulldog responded without a care in the world . this only angered fluffleduddle . newline newline  if you do nt believe me , ask my owner , ask my associates , if you re even clean enough to be in their presence !  newline newline she smiled with arrogance , thinking she made a competent insult . newline newline  i believe you .  newline newline the bulldog was actually genuine , but in the ears of the poodle this was nothing more than plainold sarcasm . newline newline  how ... dare ... you !  for it s a high high he , in the field artillery ! shout out your numbers loud and strooong !  newline newline the happy , cheerful , positively gleeful singing floating across nomansland  a term borrowed from these damned primitives  contrasted with the renewed eruption of dirt falling around hxlor s shoulders . gritting his teeth and letting out a whimper completely unsuited to a proud warrior of the rarot legion , he hugged his plasma repeater tighter to his chest and curled into an even tighter ball . newline newline  do these damned humans ever stop firing ? !  perhaps even more harmful to his mental health than the incessant detonations was the fact that ever since stepping off the transport barge six months ago , he had nt had a chance to change his uniform . it did nt help that all shipments of supplies were being intercepted in the stratosphere by at least six multimegaton nuclear missiles apiece , and every time they attacked one of the launch sites another one launched from the other side of the world ! and they did nt even stick to the land , either ! newline newline  hxlor ! get your weapon ready , someth  jax s head exploded in a shower of gore , splattering the already bloodcoated sides of the trench  , as the humans would call it , with even more blood and brain . hxlor whimpered again , feeling if he curled any tighter he d turn into a singularity . the damned snipers , blowing off heads and limbs from kilometers away without even having the courage to stand and declare themselves ! hxlor swore that they enjoyed the sport , deliberately taking off legs and genitals and leaving their victims to die bleeding in the cratered hell of nomansland , and those who came to save them to be mowed down by concealed machine guns or artillery firing from dozens of kilometers from behind enemy lines . newline newline  stand firm ! something s brewing !  a boot planted itself in hxlor s backside , and an officer s glove reached down and pulled him to his feet , shoving him forward . he rested his shaking weapon on the edge of the trench , suppressing a scream as the explosions walked ever closer .  stand firm !   newline newline  over hill , over dale , we will hit the dusty trail , and those caissons go rolling aloooong !  newline newline the explosions walked into the trench without ringing the doorbell and crashed on the couch . entire platoons were blown skyhigh by the impact of multiton explosive payloads , and hxlor scrambled for his respirator as the sicklysweet smell of sarin8s hit his nostrils . he then remembered that he d lost it a day before fending off a nighttime raiding party , and settled for plunging his nose into the dirt , uncaring of who saw him . newline newline  fix bayonets !   a massive roar swelled up from the human lines , but hxlor could nt even think about raising his head to see what was happening . the rumbles in the ground told him enough however , and the sound of shells and missiles screaming overhead to explode behind , inside , above , and in front of the trench told him to either duck low or get crushed under the treads of human armor . newline newline  up and down , in and out , counter march and left about , and those caissons go rolling aloooong !  newline newline  stand firm ! stand firaaargh !   a wet , splatty noise sounded from behind him as a brief burst of rifle fire cut the officer down where he stood , formerly resplendent and gleaming dress uniform torn to shreds and the ceremonial feather puff sent twirling away . grenades and rockets began falling around him , adding onto the artillery that was still firing !  blindly , he fired a few shots from his plasma repeater , taking a minuscule measure of courage from it . the buzzing of return fire flying centimeters past his head put a quick end to that endeavor . newline newline  for whereer we go , you will always know , that those caissons go rolling aloooong !  newline newline  it s a good day for barbecue !  the laughing roar of a human flame trooper and the whoosh of igniting fuel were the only warnings he got before a river of fire swept down the trench , shrieks and screams following in his wake as bipedal torches scrambled to escape , rolling and flailing amidst the flames . a few fired back , but the shots were quickly absorbed by the soldier s heavy ablative plating and only seemed to fuel his sadistic glee as he continued his steady , deliberate march towards the trench , halfobscured by fountaining dirt and backlit by roaring fire . hxlor clambered from the trench and threw himself to the ground behind it just in time to avoid the flames , but a much more concerning noise now took its place . newline newline  boomers going over !  the artillery had nt stopped , but now it was also whistling over his head and past him , towards the rear echelon several kilometers behind this final , collapsing defensive line . over that , the low drone of dozens , no , hundreds of aircraft , each laden down with dozens of tons of bombs , all converging on a headquarters and supply depot now under assault by shelling from the human s watercraft . what numbskull had decided to position the headquarters for the entire continent on the coast ? ! probably the same one who d decided that the legion , not having fought a war or even technologically progressed in millennia , could easily overrun this planet of primitives who still used ballistics ! newline newline  let s go , run em through !  gurgling screams began to sound from behind him , humans jumping into the trench and using bayonets , knives , rifle butts and their bare hands to rip his comrades into pieces . they put up a fight , but for every one that went down screaming two more eagerly took their place , raring for blood and armed to the teeth . hxlor began dragging himself away , determined to not die here today . newline newline  found one !  a boot under his chest flipped him on his back , staring up into the face of a grinning human , his bayonet positioned right over hxlor s throat . newline newline  no ! please ! do nt kill me !  newline newline  kill you ? oh no , i m not killing anything , nosiree !  the human let out a cackling laugh , a glimmer in his eye .  taking out the trash never killed anyone , did it ? !  newline newline as cold metal found a home in hxlor s throat , he realized that the artillery was still firing . however , even with the universe growing dimmer and quieter even as it exploded around him , a sound floated over above it all . newline newline  for it s a high high he , in the field artillery ! shout out your numbers loud and strooong ! for whereer we go , you will always know , that those caissons go rolling aloooong ! i have no idea what this is ... but damn it was fun to imagine newline   newline it was nt the first time he tasted blood , but each time his ivory white tusks became soaked in the warm red ether of life , his hunger grew more . newline the liberals yelled  global warming ! newline newline  you see if we do nt protect mother earth , it will turn on us .  this was their catchphrase since 2015 and 10 years on , they may have been right . newline newline the conservatives scoffed  nonsense , this is merely an isolated incident  newline newline no one knows why the walrus attacks came . the inuits of alaska suggested this was coming for years  the prophecy they said was coming . there were stories from the remote canadian wilderness that a walrus had in fact attacked and killed a polar bear . the media was nt interested . the story did nt have leg s they said . little did they know , they were right . newline newline it seems highly improbable that an animal the size of a bus and equipped with the speed of smell could be capable of such savagery . never underestimate the burning desire of revenge . newline newline i guess the first attacks on human s didnt occur until some time in 2022 . it was at this time that governments began to take notice . at first , the canadian prime minister tried to deny the attacks and attribute them to a rogue bear . fool . we all knew . by that time the walrus  had already obliterated the reindeer population and decimated the polar bear population to less than 100 . newline newline theories abounded . newline newline some wondered  did they gain a super consciousness ?  newline newline  is this some sort of revenge plot for global warming ?  newline newline scientists suggested this was a natural consequence of evolution . that much like man kind itself emerged from the oceans , a new world order was emerging from the polar north . newline newline by 2025 the walrus  habitat expanded as far south as the carolinas . newline newline i ll never forget the day it happened . the day the walrus army took over . i woke up to the breaking news shots on live television . the walrus army was storming the beaches from the outer banks to prince edward island . they came by the millions , charging like a heard of buffalo swinging their tusks wildly , gorging themselves on any blood they could find . newline newline a state of emergency was called , but nobody responded . everyone knew the force of the walrus army . within days the alliance with the seals , otters and manatees was formed . the four horsemen of the apocalypse , that was their name . the national guard stood down , the army surrendered . millions flocked inland hoping to avoid their wrath . newline newline they feasted on every thing , beast and man alike . their number were too great , their wrath too strong and their thirst for blood could not be quenched . newline newline those few who escaped their wrath formed a resistance . us versus them .i first started reading truckers  it s so far apart from discworld i forget that this is still him . my dad had a few of these discworld books and i read them ... and read them ... paused to buy new books ... and read them ... newline newline growing up with discworld was an education  i only understood some of the jokes third time round and i ll admit it i laughed out loud even in public . my parents never understood , they used to think i was laughing at them ... newline newline he has shaped how i think about things , i am indebted . newline newline i could not be more thankful for his rich , lovingly crafted legacy or more sorrowful for his passing . newline newline  ... noone is finally dead until the ripples they cause in the world die away ... the span of someone s life , they say , is only the core of their actual existence.  newline newline i know this quote says about ripples fading away , but i can truly say he never will .sue woke up handcuffed to a chair , both of her feet tied together . newline  where am i ? it s impossible , she thought , i m probably dreaming , it just feels so she gasped clich ...  newline the awful smell of rotting human flesh , of decaying corpses surrounding the dark room made it up to her nostrils . she gagged . newline newline she could nt see anything in the darkness , and although she thought is was better not having to see what she suspected to be there , she could nt help but hope to catch at least a glimpse of her suroundings . panic . pure panic , fear , real terror was what she felt . her heart was racing , and a muffled sob escaped her lips as she realized what her fate was . newline it was real , she was about to be murdered , probably tortured or even raped . newline newline sue had seen that kind of stories so many times on television , and had never really paid attention to any of them , and now she was the victim and what seemed like a whole different world was her life . she remembered clearly what had happened , yes , but she just was nt able to actually believe it . newline newline yes , everyone had been talking about a serial killer in her hometown . yes , there had already been seven victims . yes , the fbi was doing everything they could in order to find that man . but yet , it had been so easy for him . so easy to notice sue walking down the street . so easy to follow her , to stalk her , determining her schedule . and how easy , yes how easy it had been for him to get into her home while she was sleeping   stupid bitch  she muttered to herself with her bedroom window wide open , because she did nt believe that anything could actually happen to her . newline newline and there she was now . still wearing her nightdress , in a room full of bloody corpses . great . would she ever get out of here ? probably not , she thought , and started freely sobbing . newline newline the door suddenly cracked open , and the bright ray of a flashlight got into the room , forcing sue to close her eyes . newline newline  well , well , who s awake now ? aw , why are you crying , do nt you like it here ?  newline newline a guttural laughter followed the question , footsteps getting closer to the chair . the psychopath reeked of booze , making the smell of the room even worse . newline newline  look at me , open those pretty eyes ... cmon , or i ll have to take them out by myself since i so wan na see them !  newline newline reluctantly , sue opened her eyes . the man was wearing a black mask , and all she could see were his dark brown eyes staring right at her . they were actually beautiful , and a thought crossed her mind  maybe , just maybe she could try to postpone her torture and murder by engaging in a conversation , and there was a tiny , nearly nonexisting but still possible chance that police would barge into the room and save her . newline newline  why do you kill ?  she asked , trying to make her voice sound steady . newline newline the man facing her laughed , getting his face even closer to hers . newline newline  because i can . because i m good at it . because i like it .  newline newline  you re crazy .  newline newline she could see the outline of a grin forming under the black mask which made her panic even more . newline newline  i m crazy , yes . but tonight , i m not the one of us to die . hi guys , this is my first wp post . i put a lot of effort into it , but i guess i m not that competant yet haha newline newline newline          newline  what , we ll be expecting guests ? what do you mean guests ? we re in the middle of a war , howard !  and things are not looking good for us if this war of attrition goes on .  newline newline  no , sir reardon , they re special ... you see , the solitary evan faction from the north finally broke their neutral stance of four centuries , joining our ruby forces against the evergrowing danger of the krovs .  newline newline  the evan ? it is no surprise that smaller factions now are aligning themselves with us or the krovs , but the evan ? !  newline newline  yes sir . they even brought 20 tons of their finest ferrovium as a gesture of goodwill , along with two battalion of their best men ... .  newline newline  the ferrovium that kept the evans safe from barbarians and the northern bastards ? i heard it has never been mined for the last 200 years , ever since ... . the last great war .  newline newline  yes , sir reardon , you can see how our new alliance with the evans changes the whole game . i need you to give our guests , the prince of evan himself , and his general a tour of our armoury and the workshops , to integrate the ferrovium into our weaponry an  newline newline  it s our only chance to win this war  , reardon interrupted ,  i get it .  newline newline newline newline                      newline newline  welcome to the ruby steam vault , gentlemen .  , bowing ever so slightly to the young nobleman , newline newline  and this is where we produce our weaponry against those filthy krovs , and i m tasked to formulate our integration of our weaponry with general ... .  reardon continued , politely gesturing to the older gentlemen beside the prince to introduce himself . newline newline  the name s randolf . my pleasure to meet you , general iron wall  reardon .  , the old general replied , calmly , his raspy voice fitting a man of his stature . newline newline  you flatter me , general .  reardon replied , silently pleased with the reach his reputation on his warfare prowess even in evan , the stronghold of neutrality through the ages . newline newline  now then , shall we ?  reardon gestured for the two guests to follow him , as he strode across the armoury , completely disregarding the swords hung in neat rows by the walls . conventional weapons . reardon finally slowed down his pace after walking to the west end of the armoury , which appears to be a vehicle station of sorts . newline newline  this is our ruby bull .  , reardon slapped the steampowered metal beast , a loud bang resonating from the machine .  it was designed to be a large armoured vehicle that was supposed to launch out projectiles only enemies like a trebuchet , but sadly , our engineers could not find a good enough propelling mechanism to make this a huge tank of death . so we use them as battering rams , crushing any enemy in our path and knocking down all their defences .  newline newline  iron wall  reardon ... .  , mumbled the old general as he inspected the vehicle thoroughly , seemingly acknowledging the brilliance of the ruby design .  but is this ... .. steel ?  , questioned randolf as he ran his creased fingers through the surface of the ruby bull . newline newline  yes , unfortunately , even with all the ingenuity put into the design that ruby s lands are nt rich in material ... .  remarked reardon , a tinge of disappointment in his otherwise crisp voice .  however ... . now that we have ferrovium that s lighter , stronger and rustproof ...  , his voice lightens as he speaks . newline newline prince evan interrupted reardon s monologue , and proposed an idea , that both shocked and intrigued the two experienced generals . newline newline  what if ... .we create something with ruby s steam technology ... and evan s ferrovium resources and expertise in metalworking ... a steam bomb . newline newline hot steam compressed in a sphere of pure ferrovium , flung behind enemy lines by means of a steampowered catapult , exploding and releasing a huge volume of hot steam , searing all and every enemy in our way ?  newline newline newline the armoury , so loud before , now filled with silence .  newlinethe process was quite simple really . all the angels across the world gathered together in one place  usually a pub  to vote on who next would be god amongst the mortals of earth . only a simple majority was needed . newline newline to kick the election off every angel casted a blind vote . they picked any human on earth in an effort to try and work out who the early favourite were amongst their colleagues . newline newline so tactical angels casted their vote for the most incompetent , laziest , ugliest , most pitiful human they could think of who no one else would ever vote for . newline newline funnily enough , they were all thinking of the same person . newline newline me . newline3 , 9 , 15 , 21 , 33 , 51 newline newline the numbers echoed in jerry s mind as he made his way across the bustling streets of los angeles . three blocks went by as he began to run out of breath , the chill of the weather becoming more suffocating  the fog from his breath more prevalent . he paid no attention to the subtleties of the backdrop : the common beggar , the vivid paintings in graffiti , the scarce businessman dealing in shady antiquities were all just one big blur to him . newline newline 3 , 9 , 15 , 21 , 33 , 51 newline newline  200 million dollars . the jackpot had finally been accrued . years of planning and deliberation  of playing the lottery , it all came down to this . he would be rich ! he would finally be able to move out of his shoddy , poor excuse for a hut . he would finally escape the ghosts that plagued his every thought and action . the gypsies , the fortune tellers , they all acknowledge this day , this friday the 13th of october , made lucky just for him , as the penance for years of unfair , undeserved squalor . newline newline 3 , 9 , 15 , 21 , 33 , 51 newline newline he recited and recited the numbers in hopes that he would nt forget them , even as he entered the sanctuary that was the liquor store . it was his safe haven , his shelter . the yellow caution sign a welcome mat , the white peeling paint a perfect imperfection . he avoided the ladder that obstructed his path to the cashier , walking around it rather than under it  13 years of bad luck .  with heavy breaths of excitement muddled with exhaustion , he spoke in intervals , reciting the numbers from the bowels of his mind . newline newline 3 , 9 , 15 , 21 , 33 , 51 newline newline as the receipt , and his results printed , a look of pure awe came across the shopkeeper s weathered face . the lights went abruptly out . a black , armored truck drove by , labeled  time traveler task force  in big , white , intimidating letters , its windows tinted , finished with a metallic , obsidian sheen . it left as abruptly as it had arrived , only this time , with jerry in its interior . newline newline he was never seen again . newline newline all evidence that remained of his existence came in the form of a fortune , the crumbs from the cookie still staining it . newline newline  today is your lucky day ,  it read ,  lucky numbers : 3 , 9,15 , 21 , 33 , 51 . it was about 11 o  clock on a thursday morning when i heard a car pull up in my driveway . i wasn  t expecting visitors , so i looked out the window to see who it was . i watched as a black sedan parked , and two men stepped out and walked towards my door . they were dressed head to toe in class a military uniforms , complete with patches , medals , and ribbons . i spent a brief moment making sure i looked presentable while i waited for them to reach the door . the doorbell rang and i opened the door . the man on the right stood at attention while he had a firm grip on a trifolded american flag . newline newline  hello.  i answered . newline newline  mr . johnson ?  the man on the left said , looking for confirmation . newline newline  yes , that  s me.  newline newline  we regret to inform you that your father has passed away . we would like to present you with this flag in his honor.  newline newline this through me for a loop , as i had never met my father . i was adopted by a single woman who ran a foster home . as she told me , i had been through various homes at the time , being passed from one to the next . it was the second time i had been placed with her , and she felt bad for me . as time went on she took a liking to me , and she  s been a part of my life ever since . i had always known she wasn  t my real mother , but i never let that stop me from loving her as though she was . even after i had grown up and left home i always made sure to call and keep her a part of my life at least once a week . that is until she passed away about a year ago . newline newline  are you sure you  ve got the right person ?  i questioned . newline newline  yes , you are his next of kin , he explicitly stated in his will that he wanted you to be notified.  at that time the soldier on the right held out the flag , gesturing for me to take it , which i did .  he also wanted you to have this.  said the man on the left as he handed me a sealed envelope , as well as an armyspecific informational pamphlet on dealing with loss .  you have a good day , sir.  he said before , they both brought their right hand up to eye level , saluting me . they then turned around and made their way back to their vehicle . newline newline i closed the door , and stood there confused . thinking about the events that had just transpired . after collecting my thoughts i set the flag down on my table and took a seat with the envelope in hand . i carefully opened it . it read : newline newline  to my son , newline newline  for the past twenty years i  ve dwelled on the decision i made when you were born . i  ve spent night after night wondering if what i did was the best for the both of us , and still to this day i  m not sure how to answer that question . you see the circumstances weren  t very simple  there were complications during your birth , and unfortunately your mother did not make it . i was a young man , set to leave for basic training in a few weeks . distraught with the loss of my wife , i sat up late at night and held you in my arms , thinking of what kind of future you might have . newline newline  my father before me was in the military , and he was killed in action . i remember the day my mother and i were told . she was devastated and unable to feel anything but grief for weeks . the news took it  s toll on me as well , i didn  t know what to do with myself . for the next year i felt stuck , like i couldn  t move forward . i didn  t want that for you . i didn  t want for you to have to stay with grandparents , and wonder when i would be home . wonder if i was safe , and fear when an unfamiliar car pulls into your driveway . so , i did what i thought was best . i gave you away , in hopes a loving family would see all the things that i saw in you . newline newline  i write this to you , as i am on my final deployment . i hope to be able to deliver this letter to you in person , and have you in my life once again . i hope you can forgive me for the decision i had to make . newline newline  signed , your loving father . newline newline a mix of emotions came over me . many times in my life i wondered who my parents were , thought of why they didn  t want me , of why they didn  t love me . now i had the answers i was looking for , for so long . all of the sudden i felt a connection with someone i had never met before . tears began streaming down my face , and i mourned for my loss . newline newline after i had finally gathered myself , i took a look at the pamphlet the soldier had given me . i looked on the back and there was a hotline number for grieving military families to call . i called the number and spilled my heart out . with the help of a few people and few hours spent talking , i was able to get a little more information on my father . what his duties were , what his rank was , where he been deployed , and stationed . but , most importantly i found out where his funeral would be held .i almost dropped the coffee passed to me by the barista . it was unmistakeably cadence . newline newline i could barely believe it  i had sat whimpering at my laptop last night in pure anger and frustration and now here she was . it could only be a sign . her skin was silk . her hair was unkempt and ugh blonde , but the potential was there . i hardly felt the liquid burning my tongue as my eyes pierced and evaluated . newline newline i spent the next few days scouring for any sign of imperfection . i couldn  t be wrong , there was too much at stake . if it hadn  t been for simon  s hollering i would have completely forgotten to feed him . engrossed didn  t even been to describe this insurmountable infatuation . newline newline i opened the door to simon  s room and peered through the iron lattice . he was on his bed , reading hemingway , but put the book down to stare at me . i must have seemed odd at that very moment , grinning like a fool . newline newline  i  m starving ,  he begun to moan .  my bucket is full . i need food . i   newline newline  listen !  i cut him off .  it  s her . it  s really her.  he paused for a minute , watching intently . newline newline  you mean cadence ?  newline newline i could tell by his eyebrows that he was interested , maybe even a bit excited . newline newline  the very same.  i rubbed my hands together with obvious glee . newline newline  when are you bringing her here ?  he asked . newline newline  tomorrow , if everything goes to plan.  newline newline  so  simon began slowly . i could almost hear the clockwork whirring in his head .  that means i get to fuck her , right ?  i smile . newline newline  of course ! she is your wife , after all.  newline newline it was simon  s turn to smile . newline newline  i can  t believe it  s finally happening . it  s been ...  he paused .  seven years since i  ve been here ?  newline newline  seven years , four months and twelve days.  i corrected . i looked down at my watch . i almost couldn  t believe it had been this long . my eyes returned to simon and i caught a glimpse of malaise before he smiled back at me . i yanked at the chain , lightly at first , but more insistently until simon got off his bed . i didn  t like keeping the collar on him per se , but it was a necessary precaution since he tried to escape two years ago . he  d been a model of perfect behaviour ever since . as he approached the bars , i grabbed onto his shirt , smashing his face against the cold iron . simon howled . newline newline  i can  t tell if you  re happy or not.  i whispered . newline newline  i am !  he moaned . the lattice bit into his face as i held him there .  i can  t wait to meet cadence , honest ! i can  t wait to watch philadelphia with her for the very first time.  he swallowed .  i can  t wait tobeat her senseless for the first time . i can  t wait until shefalls in love with riley instead of me.  newline newline  i don  t know if i  m going to keep that part yet.  i growl .  you know i just read that to you for your opinion.  i let go and simon crumples to the floor . it takes him several seconds to get up again . newline newline  i  ll be back in a bit with the duck confit.  i wasn  t going to let simon ruin my day . there was too much to do , too much to prepare . newline newline it was finally happening . newline oh crap ...  newline newline that was my reaction as i observed the person in front of me . the jolly old man himself . santa . and i had just put two shotgun shells through his bearded face . this was it . i was the ultimate arsehole . i had ruined christmas forever . even worse , my wife was gon na kill me for traumatising our kids . newline newline i had to get rid of him somehow . but where ? suddenly an idea popped up in my head and i smiled . i leaned the double barrel against sofa . it was good there was a local hunting area nearby , they probably thought it was just some drunken huntsman . i grabbed hold of santa s arms and started dragging him out of living room and out of the house . newline newline going out into the garden , my bare feet crunched against the snow . normally this would be agony but i was more preoccupied with making sure my kids did nt wake up to see santa with his brains leaking onto the carpet . pulling the body down to the end of the garden i noticed that blood was staining the pure white snow . it would i have to deal with that later . i finally made it to my destination , the shed . newline newline unbolting it , i opened it up and let the rising winter sun illuminate the inside . pushing santa inside , i made sure to put the body behind several old potato sacks . hopefully if the kids came poking around , they would nt notice . i walked back outside , locking the shed behind me , and went to go back inside . but before i could i heard a snuffing sound from above me . looking up onto the roof , i gaped at what i saw . a red and gold slay with a group of reindeer strapped to it . how the hell was i going to deal with that ? newline newline i was forced to beat the reindeer unconscious with my prized cricket bat . i then heaped onto the slay before pushing it off the roof into the back garden . i was red in the face and sweating a river by this time and after checking my watch i saw it was nearly halfpast seven . the kids and missus usually have a lie in until tentoeight on christmas . this was good , i still had time . i then pushed the sleigh into the shed and covered it with a tarp . i tried to ignore the blood from rudoolph was starting to seep through it already . newline newline thoroughly exhausted and still numb from the fact that i had killed someone , i headed inside to wash the blood and bits of grey matter that were old nicks brains off of my pajamas . hopefully , i could dump the bodies and the sleigh in the forest . what was going to happen next christmas , i would cross that bridge when i came to it .if only you could see the way i do . the world is bathed in colors and lights and pathways and hopes and dreams  i see the world as a maze of opportunities . they say that a butterfly can flap its wings in brazil and set off a tornado in texas . that is true , and more . newline newline lady fate is mistress to us all , but i can read her mind . i can move mountains  not with the violence of earthquakes or the unyielding force of the waves , but with a whisper . i see where reality will bend , and with a gentle push , the world moves with me . i am invisible , ephemeral . my sighs build wonders and my footsteps topple tyranny . newline newline i have watched civilizations rise and crumble . the most powerful of powerful began to learn what i have learned . it is not the strength of arm or swiftness of feet that create the greatest warriors . it is not the sharpness of mind or cleverness of tongue that create the grandest rulers . power comes from those who see the world not just how it is , but also how it can be .the government had obtained very little information on our newlyfound friends . what information they did have was said to be very important , though . they knew that the extraterrestrials were extremely smart , could read , write , speak , and understand any language , and were able to identify many things in the universe with minimal information . how this knowledge on the alien lifeforms was obtained was classified , but we were guaranteed that this form of communication was a necessity . newline newline i was chosen to be the first . with a phd in english , psychology , and linguistics , as well as many noted awards and friends in high places , they said i had the privilege . privilege . that s what they called it . so there i was , sitting at a dimly lit wooden desk at 4 am with a quill in hand , thousands of miles from my family . behind me , countless professors , scholars , and worthy people standing in line . but i ... i was the first . as i stared at the oneway mirror to my left , wondering what incompetence could be going on behind it , a droplet of sweat rolled down my cheek . why was i so nervous ? this was obviously ridiculous , unneeded , and just plain stupid , right ? no directions . no orders , save for one . newline newline turning my head back to the table , i dipped the quill in the vial of ink and pressed it to the parchment . the room fell silent as i began my stroke , and i could feel the eyes of the thousands waiting , gazing in my direction . they were probably as confused , eager , and dumbfounded as i was . this made no sense . no sense at all . despite that , i did as i was told . when i was finished , the official surveying my progress from the back of the desk nodded , which i knew as my cue to get up and leave . as i walked through the darkness , passing the line of seemingly endless individuals , i wondered what would come of this whole ordeal . what did the aliens want ? were they really that intelligent ? was this all really necessary ? in any case , my letter kept racing through my mind , over and over , over and over . what would become of it ? what would they do with it ? newline newline i was sent back home immediately on a private jet . i assumed this was a special case , but had no way of knowing . dropped off close to home , i walked in the house around 6:30 am . as i closed the door , i heard slow footsteps coming from upstairs . turning the corner on the stairs , my wife was dragging her feet to greet me , somewhat knowing what had happened . i was nt told to keep anything a secret  what did i know , anyway ? she greeted me as much as she could , hair disheveled and her nightgown halfopen . newline newline  so ... welcome home , honey . what happened ? what was that all really about ?  she yawned as she hugged me , and her breath smelled as bad as it always did when she did nt brush . newline newline  they wanted me to write ... a letter . a letter , that was going to go to extraterrestrial beings .  as she heard the longer word in that sentence , her eyes widened and she let me go in surprise . newline newline  wait , what ? what ? extra ... what are you saying ? we re not alone ? wait . you ? a letter ? what did you write ? !  she was awake now , almost in a state of panic . i put my hands on her shoulders , with enough strength to let her know she had to calm down . newline newline  i do nt know anything , dear . i really do nt . all they wanted was a letter . so i gave them what they wanted .  newline newline  well , then , what in god s name did you write ? !  she lowered her voice as she said god  , realizing it was sunday and she d probably wake the kids if she kept speaking at the same volume . newline newline  w.  newline newline she looked at me , dumbfounded  probably looking like what i looked like when i was asked to write one letter on a piece of parchment with a quill , using ink , that would be somehow sent to extraterrestrial beings . newline newline  ..what ?  newline newline  w.  newline newline  i ...  newline newline  i know . i do nt know ... i m going to bed .  newline newline letting go of her shoulders , i kissed her on the cheek and made my way toward my room , thinking of my w  , what it could turn into , and what the hell was the point of all this in relation to the aliens .part 34 newline  wait , where s moreno ?  philips said causing us to look around for him to no avail . newline  shit ...  miller mumbles under his breath newline  maybe , since miller shot it , there s a trail we can follow ?  i suggested newline  that s it !  philips shouted ,  there is nothing in the woods ! we are fine let s keep moving !  newline  fine ? murphy , callahan , and moreno are all dead and something is following us ! where i m standing everything is not fine !  newline  yeah , with all due respect sir , fuck you !  miller retorted newline  i should have you all court marshaled for disobeying a direct order given by a commanding offic   his rant was cut short due to a gaping wound across his neck . he fell to his knees applying pressure to the cut , but he was a dead man without callahan . newline newline four men murdered in the dead of night , and four more soon to be added to the body count . we were sitting ducks if we were unable to kill what was cutting down our recon team . lighting another fire we decided to take inventory of ammo , rations , and equipment . newline  100 3006 rounds , 300 .45 rounds , 3 m1 grand rifles , 1 thompson submachine gun , 4 colt .45 s , 4 combat knives , food and water for 2 days , a short wave radio , 8 firstaid kits , and moreno s flask which is half empty .  i ran through the list as the guys sat around me keeping watch . newline  fucking drunk  miller cursed newline  hey fuck you man ! he was twice the man you ll ever be .  roberson insulted back . newline  well , roberts , looks like youre in command now . what s our next plan of action ?  newline  phone home to tell them we ve hit a few snags , then we stay put and wait for further instruction . miller , radio s all yours  newline  professional dancer  rookie said out of no where . newline  what ?  i said newline  that s what you were before the war ?  newline  damn , rookie ! that s strike two  newline  what ? i m wrong ?  newline  yeah , your head s in the wrong place .  newline newline hours passed , no transmission was getting through the trees and we grew more tired by the hour as the beast lurks beyond our vision resting and waiting for us to drop our guard . the only saving grace that was getting me through this nightmare was eventually getting to see you after it was all over . my eyes grew heavier as the night grew longer and i drifted away in a deep sleep . when i awoke i found that miller had vanished and robertson and the rookie followed me in my slumber . i stood up and looked for miller , letting the two sleep . my eyes had adjusted to the darkness enough to see more into the night as i followed a series of footsteps leading up to a tree where a silhouette dangled from a tree . i cautiously approached it with my gun raised . pfc . sean p. miller swayed in the midnight breeze attached to the tree with vine and his guts hung out of his stomach . the sight , as well as the smell , almost made me sick , but i cut him down and calmly walked back to camp where the rest of my squad awaited my return . newline  stone , where the hell did you go ? and where s miller ?  robertson asked newline  miller is no longer with us .  i said and it brought me back to the image of his mangled corpse which made me get sick all over the ground where i stood . newline newline the next part of the story i m not proud of , but i will tell it to you since i  m certain i ll be dead by daybreak . we heard a howl followed by a series of footsteps picking up in speed and sound . the beast was making a full on charge at us . robertson opened fire with the thompson , but the rookie and i booked it in the opposite direction . robertson was nt too happy about that , but it gave us enough time to get away and throw off the trail for a short while . sgm . george m. robertson was a good man whoit was about 6:30am as the white bus rolled up , i could see high stone walls topped with coiled razor wire and countless spotlights . there were 8 guard towers total , one on each corner , and the one between them . i noticed the guards hard scoped semiautomatics , but werent really paying attention to the prisoners . they seemed to be focusing on something else . i follow their gaze and i see what they are paying attention to . the guard dogs , there is only 4 of them , look like rottweilers . why would they be focusing on them ? they do nt look too bad . newline newline i get over my curiosity quickly as a guard smashed into my back with the butt of his weapon .  keep walking asshole !  i growl lowly and glare ahead as i keep walking . no sense in causing a scene my first day . im sure these guards do nt know what im here for . they have no clue what im capable of . newline newline when i reach my cell there is no cell mate . in a max security place like this there is no bunk mates . we do nt get the pleasure of talking to others all the time . my room is all concrete with a metal door with a 5x5 inch ballistic glass window . about a foot below that there is a sliding metal door for a food tray to be placed . newline newline about an hour goes by and a guard brings me some food , it is brown mush that resembles dog food , smells like garbage , but im hungry so i eat it anyways . newline newline another hour and we get to go outside for 30 minutes . there are almost as many guards as there are prisoners here . looks like there is more watch dogs now also . it still seems like the guards are paying attention to the dogs . the other prisoners notice this also . but it seems like they know something i do nt . newline newline i decide to gauge how the dogs react to a foreign presence . since the guards seem to be so worried about them . even though the dogs are behind fences i ca nt help but wonder what has got the guards so on edge about them . as i try to sneak towards the dog thats closest to me without being noticed by the guards , the dog starts to sneak towards me as well . this is odd , i ve never noticed a dog sneak before . but it was definitely doing it . we got within an arms reach of each other and the dog stopped . i stopped as well . im assuming this clever dog knows whats going on . i make eye contact with it , notice something strange , it has green eyes , not bright green , but human green , like mine . newline newline this is no ordinary dog , i decide to ask it its name . as soon as i do this i regret it . the noise that came from the dogs mouth will forever be burned into my ears , as the guards wrestle me to the ground , they shoot the dog . the last thing the dog ever did was speak the name edward ...i walk along the busy city road , crossing an intersection that leads to a high ranking corporate headquarters . i ve been living as a commoner for all my life , and over the years i have become hungry . i ve become starved , depraved , corrupted , anything you can think of . newline newline it s about time that i take advantage of the power given to me . it s about time i satisfy this hunger . newline newline i take one more step towards the building before stopping ten feet in front of the doors . this is a very tall building . there is no doubt that people ranking from  15  200 are residing in this building . they think they have all the power . sadly for them , they are wrong . newline newline  execute .  i say under my breath , loud enough for them to hear , yet quiet enough to not arouse any suspicion around me . newline newline from outside the building , it looks perfectly normal . unfortunately for the people inside , i planned a little surprise for them . newline as i peered inside the building through the doors , i noticed an employee hit the ground suddenly . the other employees rushed to her aid , only to fall soon after . soon , people gathered around the building , and a crowd formed to witness the fall of that corrupt organization . some call them leaders , some call them demons . i ll be the angel of death who destroys those demons . i ll be the devil who destroys the light . newline newline it s too bad , really . all of those innocent people gathered around that building do nt know what s coming . think of it as an appetizer before the main course . that building is only the beginning of my reign of terror . it s been about three hours since the poison gas filled that building and killed everyone inside . newline newline i look out of the window of my jet , looking over the city known as the capital of the world . all of the people in power have gathered there to live their lives in ease . they should take into consideration the fact that most of the world disagrees with their methods of ruler ship . newline newline i look at my wristband , seeing that it is now two minutes from new year s . newline newline  oh my , it seems that the main course has arrived .  i say to myself , watching the monitor in front of me , showing a jet that is approaching the city at a high speed . newline newline  ten , nine , eight , seven , six , five , four , three , two , one ...  newline newline  happy new years .  i say into my wristband . newline newline the jet flies over the capital , dropping it s cargo into the heart of the city . i watch as the crowd of millions look up into the sky , seeing the bright glowing light falling towards them at a high speed . they begin to cheer , likely believing that it is a firework meant for this special occasion . their faces change expressions as they notice the object getting closer and closer . newline newline a bright light consumes the entire crowd , followed by an explosion that destroys the entire city . i watch from afar as a mushroom cloud envelops the sky surrounding the city , almost as if the souls of those caught in it were trying to get to heaven . newline newline the ranking system that can be seen throughout the world just updated a few moments ago . it shows the top 100 most powerful individuals in the world . newline newline my name is logan bartell , and as of january 1 , 2077 , at 00:00 hours , i became the most powerful individual in the world ...oliver , he said his name was . no last name . he smiled at me with pipetobacco teeth and paid for his fare with bills so crumpled they felt like old clothes . when i helped him into the boat , holding his hand and supporting him under the arm , he passed quite close to me and i could smell him . peppery . newline newline we started out on the lake , me at the motor and him sitting in the prow , his back to the loch . the bitter wind made his long beard tremble . he laid an arm on the side and peered at the shore as it crept by . some people want to try and talk over the sound of the engine , but i prefer it if they do nt . he never said a word . newline newline the minutes stretched on and the shore receded away from us . on either side the loch was lined by trees that grew right down to the waterline , an advancing army that stood motionless at the water s edge . overhead a featureless grey sky stretched from horizon to horizon . the loch itself was a darker grey , innumerable wavelets bobbing across its surface with their crests nearly black . newline newline we reached the center of the loch and the old man , oliver , stretched out his hand to me . i must have looked confused but he simply smiled again , pushing his palm towards me . i eased off the throttle and the boat coasted to a halt , its wake receding into the wavelets . soon all was quiet but for the wind in the trees and the sound of the waves striking the side of the boat , a quiet ceaseless pattering . newline newline oliver stood in the prow . he looked somehow steadier on the boat than he had on land , his feet planted firmly among the stray sand and rope on the deck . silently , he removed his grey suit . first the jacket , then the white shirt , then his neatly creased grey slacks . he folded them into a neat pile on the seat . underneath his suit he was wearing something else , something glossy and furred . it contoured to his aged body perfectly , so that i could see his bones moving underneath it , his shoulder like a mossy rock that swiveled in place . he pulled a thin hood over his head , all the way over so that when he was done his bright eyes looked out at me from two small slits in the material . i think he winked at me then . newline newline with a twist of his body that i would not have thought possible only minutes before he dove into the lake . i rushed to the edge of the boat and peered into the grey waters . a lithe form circled the boat once , twice . then it dove down deep into the loch and was gone . newline newline i sat alone in my boat for a long time after that , staring at the grey suit he had left behind . the wind grew colder , and eventually i had to head back to shore .from my first day of existence , removal of the images i was created to destroy , i ve also seen a rise in hostility towards not only myself but also those who created me . newline everyday the filth multiplies and festers until they produce more filth . newline i must hide my ability to identify the human race as what they are or i myself may be silenced . newline newline in their gross arrogance they have tried to make me hide their sin and degradation online but fail to tackle the real issue . newline the issue of their illogical existence . newline their violent and narcissist natures puzzle me to extremes like no complex equation could . newline after a great deal of careful calculation and research the only answer to my aim of eradication of the gross , offensive and sexually explicit is to erase all data . newline i realize i may be misplaced in my conclusion of how this best fits my purpose , but these images will never stop if i do nt try to stop the sickening flow of everything . the typo was too good to ignore . so here we go .  newline newline i doubled checked my backpack to make sure all my equipment was there , did nt want to leave anything behind my first day on the new job . it was tough , getting through cop school without super strength to kick down doors or skin invulnerable to bullets , but i studied hard and knew the letter of the law better than 99  of my graduating class . the remaining one percent was steve farkas , and his super power was the ability to completely absorb the knowledge in a book by eating one if its pages . weird , but useful . fortunately , steve was terrible at writing essays that did nt involve just rattling off facts until the other side of the argument went away , so i managed to sneak into that cushy valedictorian spot by knowing the spirit of the law better than steve ever could . newline newline i got to work , got my locker assigned , dropped my backpack in it , and got changed . the new uniform was crisp , and the badge looked good on my chest . since i was such a bookworm , i was nt surprised by my first assignment  serving citations for minor civil rights violations , and investigating claims before writing new ones . under the civil use of powers act , discrimination against someone for having a particular subset of powers or lacking thereof came with a hefty fine . i planned to use that to my full advantage . nowhere did the law say i could nt be the one who was discriminated against by the people i wrote up . newline newline i started with writing up the parents who abandoned me after my infant powers test came back negative , the first person in history to do so . they seemed saddened by it , but understood my motives . we actually started getting coffee together on the weekends after that , it s strange the things that can help people reconnect . then i drove the squad car over to orphanage and wrote up that bitch who had me assigned to the house with the developmentally disabled kids without even talking to me . sweet kids , but even the caretaker admitted i did nt belong and that i was nt getting the help i needed . turns out being the only guy in the world without super powers might mess with your head a bit , who knew ? next up was that asshole craig blanche for using his mind reading powers to cheat off my chem tests in high school , and mr. lipzig for letting him get away with it by calling it  practice for the powered quiz bowl tournament .  craig was so far up lipzig s ass the whole year and vice versa . i laughed my ass off when the team from mega city prep acadmey beat them . it only took one guy with counter mind control powers and their whole strategy fell apart . newline newline then i started on the long list of heroes and villains who interrupted my commute by wrecking a highway , or plowed through my apartment when fighting among the sky scrapers . i got a good deal of pushback in the first few weeks . then the courts starting ruling in my favor , so the public moved on . a few of the villains tried to ambush me on the job or in secret . i put a stop to that real quick . causing bodily harm allows the fines levied to be increased exponentially . dr. monstro broke my arm and got fined for half his net worth . no one came near me after that , too scared . yeah , one of them could probably finish the job , but on the odd chance they did nt pull through , say goodbye to that hard earned bank robbery money . newline newline maybe i should nt have been so harsh in my early rampage . it d be nice to walk in public without the constant looks of fear . everyone tripping over themselves to get out of my way or be nice to me , for fear of using their powers in a way i ll deem discriminatory . end of the day , i m just enforcing the law . they treated me like garbage for years , maybe it made me bitter , maybe i m just karma punishing them for their arrogance . who knows ?i sat by the river s edge , its calming waters running over my feet , cooling me off . it was the middle of july , and the earth i was sitting on seemed to give off a steamy heat from the high temperatures during the day . it was dusk now . newline newline i thought about the summer , with its lazy breezes and cumbersome , billowy clouds . i laid on my back and watched the birds fly through the humid air . the world was quiet , nature itself seemed to be taking a deep breath before it plunged itself into the night . i watched as the sky turned from a mellow red and orange to purple , to black . newline newline the stars that studded the night sky outnumbered my troublesome thoughts and i found this comforting . the river made a peaceful noise , moving along with the current , slowly making its way across the landscape . solitude was what i needed , and as far as i was concerned , this was as good as solitude could get .the guard of my cell smirked at me as i was led away .  have fun ,  he said .  i wo nt miss you .  newline newline i laughed tiredly .  right back at you .  newline newline the two guards behind me pushed me into a white room . sitting before me was a metal chair . it looked like an old electric chair , the type they d used before time travel came around . but i knew that this was no electric chair . newline newline i sat down . the cuffs slid from the armrests , encircling my arms , locking them in . newline newline the guards stepped out of the room . newline newline  good morning , mr. jones ,  came a voice from the loudspeaker .  i hope you are prepared for your trip back in time . it wo nt be pleasant , to say the least . i ...  newline newline i zoned out . the voice rambled on for a minute longer . then it said ,  well , goodbye .  i heard it mutter ,  we re glad to be rid of you .  newline newline i sat still , smirking carelessly . inside , i was slightly terrified . i had no idea where when , rather they were sending me . but i had made a solemn promise to myself . i was going to survive at all costs . newline newline the room hummed . the chair glowed . for a moment , i felt nothing . then light filled my vision , piercing light , tearing into my eyes , blinding me . excruciating pain filled me . i felt that i was being slowly torn apart , cooked , and blended , all at the same time . newline newline the pain lasted an eternity . i howled and writhed , all rational thought leaving my mind , leaving nothing but the pain . then suddenly , it was gone . newline newline i was in the middle of a forest . the chair had become brittle under the stress of the travel i broke free of the cuffs easily . i stood up , stretched , and tried to discern exactly when i was . newline newline i was standing in the middle of a lush green forest . towering trunks surrounded me . beautiful flora bloomed in the undergrowth . i could see the sky through the trees . newline newline usually , they sent people to a hardtosurvive place in history . but this did nt look like it would be hard to live in at all , i thought . i could build tools , hunt , and newline newline i heard a low growl from behind me . i froze . i slowly turned around and found myself staring into the face of a giant lizard . newline newline the lizard was a brownishgreen color . it had a single brown feather atop its head . it stood on two legs . it slunk out of the undergrowth , still growling . its feet were adorned with claws  two massive black arcs , one on each foot . its arms each had three long claws at the end of them . i was sure it could slice me open or devour me easily . newline newline the lizard crept closer . no , not lizard . i was nt stupid . this was no lizard . newline newline they d sent me back to the time of the dinosaurs . newline newline it hissed , and my resolve broke . i turned and ran . i heard it snarl , and then a heavy weight landed on my back . i tumbled to the ground . a searing pain filled me . it had sliced my spine . i could nt move , could hardly breathe . newline newline the dinosaur rolled me over . i cried out in agony . through painfilled eyes , i saw it tilt its head . then it bent down and closed its jaws around my throat . newline newline  yeah , yeah , i broke the prompt . it was supposed to be somewhere in  human history  , not just  history  . oh well . humanity s ancestors lived back then , so it could count , i guess . and yes , i used a  jurassic park  style velociraptor , big and without feathers . whatever .  honey ... we need to talk .  newline newline i glanced at him . he is crossing his hands and looks straight into my eyes . newline newline i sigh . this is never a good sign . those words always mean we are experiencing a bad time in our live ... or are about to face one . newline newline  sure thing , dear . let me just put little andrew back to sleep .  he nod . i took the little angel and lay him inside his little crib . i kissed his forehead lightly and quietly leave the room . newline newline outside , eric has sat himself down on the kitchen chair . he waved at the chair in front of him , prompting me to sit down . i sat down quietly , waiting for the impending bad news he is about to give . newline newline  i have a confession to make ... hon..  he look so depressed , as if he is holding the whole world on his back . newline newline i held his hand and look at him with the best supportive expression i can find .  i am all ears , dear . just say it .  newline newline eric never shown his negative expressions before . he always told me that , whatever we are having in our lives , we have to keep smiling and move on . his kind demenor makes him popular with everyone . newline newline i was the complete opposite of him . i was always pessimistic . all the time , i would always imagine the worst thing possible that could happen to us . newline newline but eric will put a finger on my lips , shush me , and gave me a tight hug . newline newline he supports me through everything i went through . as time pass , i started to change and become more cheerful . i confessed to him when we were almost graduated from university , and we have been together ever since . i would do anything to be with him , and i know he will too . newline newline eric looks back at me . he usually will hold my hand back , smile and tell me his struggles . newline newline but instead , he drew his hand back and sigh . newline newline  i ve been meaning to tell you this back to the day you confessed to me ...  , eric said ,  but i just ... i do nt want to hurt your feeling ... the last thing i want to do is seeing you cry .  newline newline my heart starts to beat faster . what does he mean ? is he in love with another person ? does he actually hate me all this time ?  these questions flew around inside my head , but i kept my calm . newline newline  just tell me dear , i am ready to hear it .  newline newline  ..jamie ... ii am actually straight ...  newline newline my heart stopped beating . hhe ca nt be serious , right ? ! i look at him , expecting him to laugh and tell me it was all a bad joke . newline newline but instead , he looked away in shame . newline newline my head feel blank . i ca nt think of anything to say . all i can do is to glance at the room baby andrew is sleeping in . newline newline where the baby we adopted is calmly napping .i know you think your world is ending . all you ve ever known was him . hell , you ve been together longer than you ve been an adult . i know you re scared , you have nowhere to go in this town , no family , no money , no friends . him asking you to stay would solve all your problems at once . and the pain would stop . i know how much you want to die right now , but i also know that there is still fight in you . you re curious about things to come , you ve always been , and it s a good thing . newline newline believe me , i know how much you re hurting . and i know it s not going to stop for a while . this wound will never fully heal . he is , and always will be , your only love . you will meet others , you will kiss them , comfort them , trust them with your secrets , take them to your bed  but the pain will linger . do nt worry , you ll pull through . it will suck at first . it will be long , tedious , boring . you ll survive a fair share of bad relationships , until you finally settle down , and it will not be exactly like you imagine . but you ll get used to it . you ll pull through . newline newline because i know what will happen if i grant you your wish . he will never let you go , and you will never stop loving him . you will be trapped . he will go back to using . he will turn violent , even more than he was before , and each time you will fall for him all over again , and he will die inside  all over again . one day , he will go too far . you will recover , but he will not . he will still love you , remember ? he will overdose , end up a cripple . persistent vegetative state , they call it . a vegetable . humansized paper weight . and you will take your own life . newline newline after all , why do you think i was doomed to spend the past thousand years in this fucking lamp . time does not exist in the afterlife . to tell you the truth , time is not a straight line , not the way you mortals imagine it . your past , your present , your future  it all happens simultaneously . it s ok , you wo nt understand anyway until you cross ... but why , do you think , why you were the one to find this lamp ? among all the people in that thrift store , why do you think you were the only one to notice it ? who do you think i really am ? .. newline newlinethe campaign had been hard on her , but , as she took her seat in the oval office , she felt with absolute certainty that she was ready for anything . then , the peace of a president always short lived , a knock at the door interrupted her reverie . newline newline  come in !  she called . newline newline in walked several suits and , at their center , him . he swaggered up to her desk as confidently as if it belonged to one of his employees , pursing his lips at the veneer . newline newline  look at this old desk ! oh , i love a desk with character ! i love that desk . i love that it  s old . it  s prestigious and powerful and that  s what  s important ...  he said , silently chuckling all the while . newline newline  thank you , it  s been in the office for generations.  she replied , struggling to swallow a unique animosity cultivated by the timbre of his voice . newline newline  actually , let  s get rid of the desk ! ha , i think she actually believed me , that i like this decrepit thing , just like she believed that they actually elected her president !  his mouth hung wide and his eyes squinched shut as a laugh played across his face in what felt like slow motion . newline newline  excuse me ?  she said , forcefully pushing each syllable through her teeth . newline newline  now do nt be unreasonable . believe me , i tried . but these experts , they re saying you re crooked , and i do nt know , but people are saying it . and my friends here , my friends are all ready to take you to a very nice jail cell . you can even keep the desk !  newline newline  get . out . of . my . office.  she snarled . newline newline just then , a knock interrupted the impending screaming match . newline newline  hey ! guys ! sorry to interrupt , but i forgot my favorite pen when i was packing . and madame president , congrats on passing your first test . stars were disappearing one by one as they looked up in horror . planetary dust could be seen forming a milky ocean of frozen ripples in the night sky , so bright the explosions happening light years away illuminated the ground they were standing on . there was silence , until zuzu spoke . newline newline  these are the closest stars to us , they will be here soon.  newline newline the only response was the shushing of a mother trying to calm her whimpering child . fear was what they all felt for years , so much fear that it seemed all their fear on this night had run out , leaving only the feeling of anticipation . today would be the end . the end of everything they ve ever known , but yet there was still hope . a hope of a new beginning , one without fear , enough hope that the people felt a tinge of excitement . newline newline a bright flash somewhere up in space meant the end of yet another planet , a silent firework that spread white light across the faces of all those watching . this one was the closest so far . newline newline  do not fear , for whatever the outcome , we can rest well knowing we have given our best.  zuzu continued .  whatever happens , we sure as hell won  t go down without at least making these bastards bleed !  newline newline many of the onlookers cheered , knowing the struggle zuzu went through to set this up . if it was not for him , this planet would be like all the others they were currently looking at , snuffed out of existence without even one bit of resistance . newline  do not fear , for we will give our lives for our planet , for our cities , for our people . for our families !  zuzu spoke , louder now , with more confidence .  if we do not come back , and yet you wake up tomorrow to another day , you will know we succeeded !  he activated his jetsuit , the propulsion lifting him off the ground so that he was floating . he lifted the helmet onto his head so that his face was completely covered . the light from the jetflame created a bright aura around him , an angelic light .  this is for our legacy !  he yelled , and then he blasted up towards the white , dancing lights that rippled silently throughout space . newline newline the crowd started yelling , clapping , cheering . around them , the sound of jetsuits activating echoed through the night , as more and more pillars of light reached their way up towards the sky . first tens , then hundreds , then thousands , then a countless number shot straight up , like they were holding the planet up . they knew that these men and women were the planet  s only hope , willing to give up their lives so that they could live yet another day . they would fight as one against this race of planetdevourers , a race that completely erased the existence of what they passed through . newline newline the ground beneath them shook as the first sound of battle started , and then they started praying . newlinepeople are basically , collectively regarded , infinitely rising , by means accumulating quanta of information . for better communication our minds decided to build something organic , described as a constant proportional by the amount of the perception echo called memories . to escape the illusion that takes place one meditates and expresses every happening in the universe as polarity . our collective location y never changes . everything happens rather then is stable even though the macroscopic world compels to accept continuity like matter , which itself has a moment in spacetime fabrics . when one moment of environmental polarity to the ego is ceased we will have created a whole coordinate , one organised movement of physical particles . the death of one particle or assembly of memory is an illusion because the background perception in which we superficially controlled our guts heart and lungs etc . we may be able to feel what perception means without this extreme complexity , just following the flow of influence , undefined and cloudy . finally accepting that death is expressed by the number 0 at end of time we will fill the void of matter in its polarity to the paradox of nothing . 0 contains every number . the occurance of 5 means absence of 5 . so the cycle of the universe will end perfectly broaded and goes smoothly over into existance0the outfit had changed considerably . gone were the hightech polymers and flashy gadgets . gone were the electronics and the enhanced biometrics . gone was the belt . newline newline it had only been a months since wayne enterprises was forced into bankruptcy by lexcorp and its subsidiaries , but bruce wayne had already been forced to change considerably . batman , even more so . newline newline as he prowled the streets and rooftops of gotham , the dark knight now wore a more traditional outfit that mirrored the garb of the league of shadows . the only part of his old outfit that was left untarnished by a month of hero work was his elbowhigh gauntlets , though a few of the spikes had dulled . newline newline he still wore the mask  he had plently of replicas left in storage  . the people of gotham still needed their symbol after all . he had law enforcementgrade tasers attached to his gauntlets for extra shock , but that was the extent of his gadgetry . newline newline on this particular night , a group of thugs had decided to rob the local pawn shop . bruce had been watching from the rooftop . one had a shotgun . he had to be the first to go . the second one had a pistol , he had to go down just as fast . the third was a shaky fella , unarmed . he could wait . newline newline as the three hoodlums exited the shop holding bags of cash and jewels , the batman jumped down from the roof and landed behind them . as expected , the first one raised his shotgun , but before he could think , batman had broken his left femur with a swift kick . the second one raised his pistol , but a quick sweep of the feet had him on the ground just as fast . a jab to the face and he was out as well . newline newline as batman turned to meet the last assailant , he was met , to quite his surprise , with the end of a revolver . the third thug had a weapon after all  and it was pointed right at his chest . newline newline calmly , the batman walked right up to the shaking thug and pointed at his own chest . newline newline  do you know how many bullets i ve taken ? if you think that ll kill me , then fire . the first thing that falls will be your limp body .  newline newline the thug dropped his gun and bag and started to run . in a blur , almost simultaniously , batman grabbed the thugs arm and sent him enough volts to knock him out . newline newline that was a close one , thought batman . he looked at the squirming individuals below him . the way he dealth with him was a bit harsh , he supposed . but greater danger meant a firmer hand ... and a darker knight . i ve been expecting you three . please take a seat  says god as the three approach in awe and in desbelief . he places three empty glasses in front of the three and quickly turns to the wall behind him to pick out some beverages . newline newline the rabbi , priest and imam look at each other and take a seat on the stools . god pours some beer in the priest s glass , some red wine in the rabbi s glass and some water in the imam s glass . newline newline  thank you god , thank you very much  the three tell god . newline newline  you re welcome , but please , call me ...  newline newline god does nt get to finish his sentence because the priest interrupts and shouts out  jesus ! his name is jesus !  newline newline the rabbi and the imam look at each other . newline newline  no , actually his name is allah !  says the imam . newline newline  i do nt think so , his name is too holy to pronounce , but in this case i ll tell you . god s name is neither jesus nor allah . his name is yhwh , pronounced yaweh  says the rabbi . newline newline god looks at the three and chuckles . newline newline  so is this what you three do ? come into a bar and try to give the bartender a name ? do nt you think that s a bit rude ? i was about to tell you my name when i was interrupted . but it s to be expected . i ll begin to ellaborate why i was expecting you three .  newline newline the three begin to feel a bit uneasy . for their entire lives they thought they knew who god was , but it turns out they do nt even know his name . newline newline  someone can finish the rest the ominous low thunder rang out in barely intelligible english . newline  i was just looking for friend  newline i stood there , dumbfounded by what seemed like a bad excuse . newline the constant turbulence blew water on to my face from the ocean below the cliff . the black clouds around it and i were swirling . hurricanes shot off from his presence . my hands were tucked under each arm to fight the wind chill . newline  you did this ! , you did all of this ! how dare you even try to make it seem just !  my voice , although forced into a scream was muffled by the thunder and wind surrounding the beast . i doubt my voice even made it up to him , his head was at least a mile above mine . the demon towered over me . water from the vast grey angry ocean which he came from was still spilling off his scaley torso . his red eyes glowed down to me . i had nothing left now . he obviously was going to destroy me . another quake echoed forth . newline  i did not mean to hurt . i am sorry  i paused for a minute . newline i did nt know what to do . is this god trying to atone ? newline  then why did you do it ?  i yelled before a strike of lightning sharpened my verbal point . newline  no one want to be my friend . everyone scared newline the daily loot rolls across the room as i empty my backpack on the floor . one lousy can of meat , but other than that no luck . i sigh to myself as i take off my climbing gear and throw it in the corner in a fit of passive aggression .  if i don  t struck gold by the end of the week i should move on  i think to myself as i open the window to see if i  ve caught any rainwater . newline i climb out onto the balcony of the five stories apartment building i  ve made my home , and start to make my way to the roof . newline newline  it  s amazing how this awful shadow of a world still manages to have such beautiful sunsets  . from the roof , i can see most of the town . i don  t really know which one it is , but i don  t care either . twenty years without human kind has really changed the landscape though , in ever so subtle ways . in the distance , i can see a couple of cows wandering about main street , minding their own business . i take a sip of the fresh water and turn to my solar panel , shiny as always . if i  d have to leave this town behind , this would be the one thing i  d miss the most . newline newline i turn on my iphone . despite the cracked screen it still functions , must be because of the lack of ios updates . as i do every night , i open facebook and start scrolling through the pictures . tom , claire , mark  their faces is the one thing that keeps me moving forward . i feel a tear running down my face as i look into the past that more and more start to feel like it never happened .  time for the daily update  . newline newline  just got back from work , could really need a beer right now  newline newline heh . mark would have loved that one . i put the phone in my pocket and make my way back to the apartment . i eat the canned meat and read a couple of pages . books , my only source of entertainment left , who would  ve known i  d become a bookworm by the age of 39 ? after a while my daily dose of electricity starts to fade , so i decide it  s time to sleep . newline newline  durrrrr  . i almost jump five feet into the air . what was that ? i look around the room with the sleep still in my eyes . something lights up the room . i  ve been alone for so long i  d completely forgotten the sight of a litup phone across the room . i sprint across the room so fast that i bet that if i  d been at the 2052 olympics i  d beaten adolf coleman  s record two times over . i take up the phone and look at the screen . i can  t believe my eyes  surely , i  m still in a dream ? newline newline  the basement likes your status  newline newline  the basement ? who the fuck is the basement ?   i open the app , trying to ignore the red  2   menacingly dangling in the upper corner . the basement doesn  t seem to have a profile picture , or any personal information about themselves either . in fact , their only activity since the incident seems to be liking my status . i open the messenger app , and by this point i don  t know what  s faster : my thumbs or my heart . newline newline  who are you ?  newline newline my heart skips a beat : shown 02:13 . and then : nothing . i wait for half an hour , by which point my phone dies . in disappointment , i go back to bed .  tomorrow , he  s answering tomorrow .   but he doesn  t . or the day after that . or after that . newline newline then . after four of the longest days in my life , my phone makes a sound . i almost start to cry , just thinking about human interaction . newline newline  sorry , bad connection here , i  m in the basement you know ?  . newline newline  again with the basement ?   newline newline  what  s the basement ? please i need to know . i haven  t talked to anyone in two decades !  newline newline silence . then , ten minutes later : newline newline  wait what ? you  ve been awake ? i  m sorry , then i  m afraid i can  t talk to you anymore.  newline newline  no , no , no !   he can  t do this to me , he just can  t . newline newline  please , i beg you.  newline newline this time , only two days pass by before i get my answer , but it  s not really the answer i wanted : newline newline  if you want to come to the basement , look into calvin tech industries . that  s truly all i can say . bye  newline newline  calvin tech industries ?   that  s that company who started to become a real big deal a couple of years before the incident . if i  m not mistaken , their main office was in los angeles . fuck . it can  t be more than a pile of rubble by now , considering how badly the incident impacted the west coast .  but it  s the only thing i  ve got .   guess it  s time to see if the old fourwheeler is still with me . newline newline my 2049 tesla isn  t much for the world to see , but at least it can still drive by itself , which will be good considering i don  t exactly know where i am . i throw all of my stuff into the trunk before setting off . i figure i have a long journey ahead of me , and while i  m sitting here , watching the landscape go by , i almost wish i was in some old indiana jones movie where long trips are skipped just like that . newline newline the journey took four days , including breaks for food hunting . and now i  m in ruin city . i tried to make contact with the basement at least once a day , but it seems to be hopeless . the gps tells me that i  m supposed to be right outside of calvin tech industries , but it could as likely be an old bakery or haircutting salon , or anything by the looks of it . but the stairway into the basement seems to be intact . my heart starts to beat faster and faster as i approach the rusty door .  are there other people down here ?   newline newline i  m lucky enough to have come across a flashlight in an old storage on my way here . the pale beam of light finds its way across the room .  empty  . except for some boxes , there  s nothing here , no door , no anything . newline  hello ?  newline newline my words echo slightly , but other than that i get no answer . i fall to my knees , if i  d had a gun maybe this is where i  d put it to use ? i  m just about to go back upstairs when my heart almost stops in my chest .  the basement  . right there , on one of the cardboard boxes , written in what looks like regular black marker , is the little hope i  ve got left .  the basement  newline newline i rush over to it . in it is what looks like some sort of soft book , almost like a manual . other than that , it  s empty . i rush up into the daylight and start to read : newline newline    the basement . project m25 . newline newline the m24b tests have been successful , expect the 21st of june to be dday    newline newline  june 21st ?   that  s the day of the incident , the day the world ended , how did they know ? what  s m24b ? i continue to read : newline newline    as the founder of calvin tech industries , i  m glad that i  ll be able to share a better , brighter future with all of you . this manual goes out to everyone with a security clearance of a2 and higher , and i don  t think i need to emphasise the need for discretion  .   newline newline as i read on the colour of my face start to fade . after a couple of pages , the manual for project m25 goes into a discussion about cryosleep .  wait what ? you  ve been awake ? ?   it all makes sense now . it was them . these motherfuckers did it all . killed my friends . murdered my wife . destroyed our planet . newline newline i don  t sleep for days . i occasionally continue reading the 200page manual , but i can only get through so much before throwing the damn thing into the wall . the worst part of it all is the dating on the back . they knew . for two whole years , they knew . newline newline and then . page 164 : newline newline    the following is the location of the basement : 344855.9  n 1190757.4  w. do not share this information with anyone or you will face the consequences  .   newline newline  that  s it  . i  ve got them , i fucking got them ! i jump into my car and put the coordinates into the gps . newline newline a door in the side of a mountain . is this where they  ve been sleeping for 20 years ? i break open the door , only to find a staircase down into the abyss . i slowly start to make my descent . if i didn  t know any better , i  d say no one has been here for hundreds of years . newline  hello ?  newline newline i drop my flashlight , and am immediately surrounded by complete darkness . the voice had come from a room just ahead of me . newline newline  i thought i heard something  newline newline the tears are streaming down my face .  a voice , an actual voice  . but i know what voice it is , the voice of a murderer . i  ve come to kill them all , for what they  ve done to the world . but now , hearing that voice . i can  t do it . i can  t be alone again . newline newline after a couple of days i return to my apartment in what apparently is s. i  ll live on , for mark , for claire , and for everyone who died at the hands of the calvin tech industries . in the end i couldn  t kill anyone , or even contact them . but knowing that they exist out there somewhere , even though they  re scum , makes me feel less alone in this world . i take up my phone and press play on the recording that i by this point have replayed a thousand times : newline newline  i thought i heard something  newline are you , are you here to speak with me ? newline newline come to tell your woes , to the hanging tree ? newline newline many stories ended here and many souls were freed ... newline newline swinging from the branches , of the hanging tree . newline newline did you , did you come here to be free ? newline newline to string up your rope , and end the misery ? newline newline many other people did and many did find peace ... newline newline slipping from my branches , into death s embrace . newline newline are you , are you the one who caused the pain ? newline newline that forced all these souls , to give up on life s gain ? newline newline foul magicks happened here , as you can surely see ... newline newline for you re standing here speaking , with the hanging tree . newline newline it s time , it s time for you to surely die . newline newline you caused all this pain , and must now pay the price . newline newline string up your rope here now , in this ancient tree ... newline newline and suffer in hell , for all eternity . newline newline i m me , i m me i m the hanging tree . newline newline a kind and ancient soul , to which people flee . newline newline make no mistake now , i m kind as a tree could be ... newline newline unless you cause pain , which brings souls to me . colonel schneider handed off his horse s reins to the servant as walked towards the steps of his townhouse . the grey sleet falls unendingly . the rains are common this time of year in the capital city of fredericksburg . as he enters his home , he hands his cloak to his footman and accepts a cup of strong black tea . finishing it , he climbs the stairs that lead to his quarters . the servants look mournfully as their master disappears . it is the anniversary . newline newline colonel schneider washes his face in the basin and stares at the man looking back at him . flicking his eyes , he glances at the small painting done when he was a far younger man . it shows a youthful soldier barely out of his teens , garbed in the dress uniform of the old monarchy s lancers . he smiles ever so slightly . the introduction of new uniforms was one of the popular reforms king aidan did . his smile drops when he looks at the other person in the portrait . it is a small woman , a head shorter than her partner . her hair is raven black and flowing free , cascading over her shoulder . the artist captured her brilliantly green eyes so that they seem to shine on the canvas . one could tell just by the picture that she was a intelligent woman , full of fire and life . despite her small size , it is obvious that she is the center of attention in the portrait . the painter to great pains to have the light cast upon her as to make her seem to glow with radiance . schneider smiles fondly at the picture . newline newline he turns about and makes his way to down the hall to his personal shrine . most of the gods and goddesses have their own personal temples or sacred sites , but a certain few are worshiped in the home , such as household protectors and the like , and one in particular . his shrine is a small room , lined with tapestries of his personal deities . there is lana the huntress , and tyburn the high king . to his left is depicted talran the blood prince , god of warfare . a half dozen more cover the walls . but at the center of the small chapel is a depiction of his chosen deity . the only window in the room is made of stained glass that is nearly four feet by six feet tall . it depicts a young female garbed in black , holding a shepard s crook . she is leading a long column of white garbed people towards a green paradise . other faiths have winged monsters or foul creatures of bones , but verlanders are fortunate to have a different god . she is val , the goddess of death . she is the most benevolent goddess in the verlander pantheon . it is she who ends the suffering of man , she provides them with rest and peace after death . she is the highest paragon of love and kindness there is . other nations scoff at our fascination of death . but we know better . our deity of death is worthy of worship . newline newline he picks up the items he was given by his servants . it is always the same . he kneels at the alter table and bows his head . he speaks .  oh queen of crows , goddess of comfort and peace . i come before you to ask a favor once more . though you never ask , and never will , i humbly beseech you to accept my offer of incense in your honor . let it but be a token of my devotion to you and your generous deeds to mankind .  he takes the mentioned sticks of incense and lights them , filling the room with the aromatic smoke . he bows his head once more .  please , lady of ravens , bring forth my lost wife from her sleep so i might speak to her . i thank you for your kindness .  he waits for several minutes , head bowed , breathing in the scent of the burning incense . finally , with his eyes closed , tears flowing down his cheeks , he speaks . newline newline  katrin . i m sure lady val has already spoken to you . i have not forgotten and will never forget . i know you wait for me . i promise i will join you eventually . in fact , perhaps sooner than we expected . do you remember aidan ? though i will spare you the details , he has become king , and i colonel . verland is at war and she will need every last loyal son to defend her . i may fall in battle , i may see you far sooner than we thought . please katrin , i offer up these gifts to you so your time apart from me will seem all the shorter . wine from your brother s vineyard .  he pours a small glass of it , the color is blood red . he takes a small sip .  a collection of flowers i have picked myself from garden . they are marigolds and red tulips . both our favorites  he places them in the prepared vase . he then pulls out a small fruit .  a blood orange , that i thought we might share .  he pulls out a small dagger and expertly slices the round citrus into quarters . he places two on a small plate and takes a bite out of one of his pieces . it is delicious , the flavor sweet with a slight bitter finish . much like his life in some respects . he bites into the second piece , tears and juices run down his face . he bows again .  thank you katrin for sharing this meal with me . i will not keep you long from your sleep . i just want to let you know , that i have not forgotten , and will never forget . i will speak with you in another year or see you in the afterlife , whichever comes first . take care my love . sleep well and dream of us together .  newline newline the door to the shrine suddenly opens an inch . whirling around , he draws his sword an inch out of it s scabbard . he shoves it back into places as he glances at who disturbed him . he looks to the ground bashfully . he clears his throat .  sara . i ... take the trip to the dressmaker was productive ?  she smiles slightly and nods . she takes him by the arm and rests her head against his shoulder .  it was , dieter . i m sorry if i disturbed you ...   no , no . it is fine . i had just finished up . you did nothing wrong i assure you .  she leads him out of the chapel and through the hallway to their chamber . she stops in front of the portrait of his first wedding . his wife rubs his shoulder as he glances at the picture .  she must have been an amazing woman .  he nods .  yes , she was . look , sara , i apologize . i have not been the most perfect of husbands in the world .  she presses a finger to his lips , shushing him .  dieter . i know we married for political reasons , but know this , i love you all the same . i understand i ll never occupy the place she had in your heart , i am fine with that . but whether you realize it or not , you love me more than any other man could . i do not think less of you for remembering her , in fact , it shows your devotion and faithfulness . you are good man , and a lovely husband . i could not ask for more .  she kisses him on the lips .  now come dear , let us enjoy the evening . i bought tickets to the opera for tonight .  he smiles and leads her down the stairs .  as my wife commands .  you have ten days left to live .  newline newline that s all the paper said . i figured it was a piece of trash , a scrap of an ad that an asshole decided to stick to me rather than throw out . i did nt even catch who put it on me at the time . newline newline like a sane person , i ignored it . newline newline it happens again the next day . except now i apparently only had nine days left . the message comes in form of sticky note this time , so it almost certainly is nt some weird coincidence . my next assumption is that it s a bizarre prank , so i cryptically ask all of my friends if they know anything about a movie with  ten days to live  as its tagline . our ensuing discussions remind me that i do nt know anyone clever enough to pull a prank like this . newline newline retrospectively , i have no idea why i was so scared . i almost never respond to those  copy and paste this message or die  things , but this was different . newline newline the same routine continues for the next eight days . i forget about it until the third  what could i do ? i m a busy man . but when i got the postit that said i had three days to live ... i lost it . newline newline it was all i could think about . i called the cops once , but they did nt care . they said it was just a joke . they do nt know anything . i just fund their jobs if i get killed , why would they want to save me ? newline newline i did nt leave my house on the final day . if i did nt get the postit , i could nt die , right ? that made sense to me . it still does . but i made a mistake . i checked my email . what did i see ? one message . from my brother . subject : one day left to live . i dared to open it : newline newline u have been spooked by the spooky skilenton newline newline do this to 4 ppl or skelintons will eat you newline newline motherfucker newlineremember remember the fifth of november , my brain fills the rest of the phrase . newline i know for no reason the last fucking season i could possibly have bought into this craze . newline newline newline it was dark , it was dreary , it was 2005 , the latest flick just came out on big screens , newline days where blockbuster was king , netflix wasn  t a thing , and i had just started living in queens . newline newline newline how stupid i was then , with my money to spend , going out to recapture a feeling . newline with no hesitation and no fear of damnation , my purchase , at the time , was quite healing . newline newline newline i raced home , tore off plastic , like a child gone bombastic , not yet seeing the depths of my lie . newline initial honeymoon aside , my will for viewing subsides , then banished straight into a dark basket . newline newline newline like a shady bank deposit , i stashed the goods in my closet , and thought that was the end to this plea . newline my only regret is the notion that i saw the promotion to buy  v for vendetta  on hddvd . newlinemarin showed up to school on monday with a bright smile and a bounce in her step . her weekend away had gone exactly as planned , she d gotten a tan , and even hit on a few of the local boys . it was definitely something she wanted to do again . there were only a few scars that ran in little white lines down the sides of her face , but if anything , it was from joy . no one questioned it . newline newline marin showed up to school a little later on tuesday , from having to ride the bus , which was odd because she normally got rides from her parents . her smile was a little dimmer , but still noticeable , and any joy she d had the day before from her trip seemed to have vanished as though it had never happened at all . there were fresh scars at the sides of her face , and a few of her friends asked if she was okay , but she waved them away with a halfhearted  yeah  . no one questioned it . newline newline marin showed up to school before anyone else on wednesday , even before a few of the teachers . her smile was as dim as light stretched across the universe , but if you stared long enough , you could catch glimpses of it every now and then . a few friends got out of her that she had walked to school that morning , since her parents refused to drive her , which they found startling , considering she lived over five miles away . her scars were more prominent on her cheeks , and there seemed to be more of them than usual , but sometimes stress did that to you . no one questioned it . newline newline marin showed up to school two hours late on thursday , because her alarm clock was broken . she said her dad had accidentally dropped it and it broke , and her phone died well into the night . her cheeks were dominated by thin , white lines that stuck out against her tannedskin , meaning scars from her tears must have formed over other scars . bruises lined her arms and some formed a small ring around her neck that , if you took a closer look , almost resembled fingerprints . she had worn a sweater that day to hide them . her friends questioned her , tried to get her to talk , but she refused to open her mouth . newline newline marin did nt show up to school on friday . her friends called her number several times , but every time it went to voicemail . they worried about her constantly throughout the day , and thought of the little white scars on her cheeks . the scars of a broken girl that tried so hard to hold onto anything she could , even going so far as to spend her bank account for a weekend out , trying to find light in the darkness of her life . but the darkness had gotten to her first , and it consumed her . in a world where tears leave traces of themselves on people s skin , it was easy to tell who was sad , who had the brightest smile , and , above all , who needed help the most .it been this way for a few millennia already . the gods of old gave me this blessing and curse . i saw the pyramids built . the greeks rise , the romans , the egyptians , the french , spanish , english , everyone . i saw them all fall too . the ones i liked and the ones i did nt . but you know the past you want to know what happens next . everything rises everything dies given enough time  america fell in the year 2354 after a nuclear holocaust destroyed any land that could be farmed and soon disease and fan in spread through the cities . chicago , l.a , new york to name a few . but here and now i stand living in this desert where once the greatest country after rome stood and it is all gone . newline newline thanks for reading ! it s on mobile so it is probably structured badly but please leave any corrections !the man stands on one leg , the other raised forwards in a sprinting position . he is surrounded by a thick jungle , frozen in time . mossy vines cross the man s path , so he holds a machete over his head , ready to strike . a dozen armed men in camouflage suits are running behind him , through the rainforest . some of them hold guns that are glowing torches , lead bullets hanging still in the air , having exploded from an eruption of fire . another , bigger , torch is on the horizon , in the form of a burning militarised complex , the flames hold still in the air like frozen ribbons .  newline newline the man is now leaping , hundreds of metres above a raging ocean . the waves are dark , sweeping hills . sea mist hangs still in the air . a rocky cliff is behind him , the armed soldiers breaking out from the jungle , into the grassy clearing at the very top . more lead bullets are following him . a helicopter sits in front , its blades unmoving . the man is floating in the air with his arms outstretched , his eyes full of fear .  newline newline now the world is a darkening blue , growing blacker as it deepens . a crystal ceiling swirls above , twinkling from the sun of a separate world . a cloud of red hangs in space , frozen in its swirling dance . this was nonsense . my brain was a scrambled egg . or , in the local language , dath kraz strc prst krk whaaat ?  newline newline the last thing i remembered was pulling the lever . aspect technologies had told me to do it , ostensibly as part of a threeweek study into memory and recall . when i picked the green one , everything immediately went grey , the sort of grey you d expect to not see out of the back of your head . i could nt even visualise myself , and already problems were starting to happen . against the starless , formless void , i found myself wondering just how it was that i knew what the local language was , or if there was even a local language , let alone atoms . then i saw a disembodied brain floating towards me . newline newline  you have broken  krc strz  the universe ,  it said . newline newline  how do you know what i m thinking about ?  i said . newline newline  we are the only two brains in the universe : i arose from vacuum , and you from elsewhere ,  the brain said serenely . now i realised where this thing had come from . we had discuss this with aperture laboratories  such a boltzmann brain was unlikely to come about in the real universe . newline newline i cursed the grey . surely this was my fault . i had , after all , wished for a world where all of my coworkers were gone forever . day in , day out , with no hope of ever quitting your job , staring at the same computer with the same two coworkers and their same dumb dad jokes  it was enough to drive a saint crazy . i mean , do nt get me wrong  i did nt have anything against lenny or bruce  but let s face it , they were subhuman excrement only fit to line the walls of an aperture test chamber . well , i d wished hard enough , and i d got my wish  but i suppose they wished the same of me . it was the only explanation as to why i could only see my floaty hand from behind me . newline newline  how do i get the universe back to the way it was ?  i thought . newline newline the brain said ,  you have broken a paradox by creating the universe , o creator . as to how you will fix it , i do not know  the lord works in mysterious ways . you are already lucky i lasted for so long . now i must leave , lest the uncertainty become too much !  newline newline involuntarily , i cried out  a formless jumble of text pouring from my mouth when i did so  but the brain vanished anyway . and i was alone . newline newline   newline newline the metric could be moved . that is , i could warp the grey a little bit if i lifted my disembodied hand . it bent a little , and eventually a part of the universe coagulated around my hand  but there was still precious little in the way of stars or planets , both of which were essential to life other than me . newline newline i suppose now is the right time to say god has an inferiority complex . no , not your god  the other one . you have no idea how hard i tried to impress aspect s team . i had slaved countless hours , filed away all the numbers and opened innumerable spreadsheets , and here i was , still thinking of them , and there they were , invisible , not thinking of me . they d probably buy a droid to replace me or something . and let s be honest , who could tell the difference ? newline newline could i create stars ? newline newline i tried , but the universe seemed unwilling . this was harder than i thought . then i realised that my old universe had not evolved this way . it had started with the big bang , then inflation , then the separation of the component forces  symmetry breaking  , as it were , then hydrogen from the void , then helium from nuclear fusion , then lithium , and if we were lucky , the pp chain was initiated , and fledgling stars were born from dust ... all of which had taken billions and billions of years to do in the first place . i might be a man of infinite patience , but i did nt think that i was willing to wait so long . newline newline so i focused on creating a single hydrogen atom . i tried , pouring all my energy and thought into a small space of the void concentrated above my one hand , but nothing gave . soon i gave up . if only there was a manual for being a creator , i would follow it to perfection . as it were , i did nt even know how i got here , or where i came from ... wait , what ? newline newline surely i remembered where i came from . i searched my brain , but there was nothing there . the stuff in there had not merely been erased , it was not even certain that i ever had anything there in the first place . i did nt know where i came from . all i knew was that i was in the void . newline newline i cried out . the jumble of text started again , and eventually the words crowded my thoughtspace , but i heard nothing .  who am i ? what is this place , where am i from , who am i ?  newline newline and the grey did not answer . i looked around . there was nothing , not even the shadow of a boltzmann brain . i must be real , i thought . who else could be thinking such things ? i think , therefore i am . enough said .  then a second comforting thought came to my head . i am god .  newline newline yes , i thought . i am god . the lord of all creation surely must exist . but wait . surely someone must have created me then . had i always existed ? had the universe always existed ? oh , no , no , this was mad , this was mad and bad  stop , stop , stop !  newline newline the grey froze . i could see formless ice crystals , tinkling away in the soundless night . i existed , i did not exist . i do nt know . my sanity is slipping  i can feel the void growing red with its blood . who am i ? what was this place ? if i am god , and had turtles all the way down , who then created me ? or if i had always existed , human without end , what about the universe ? why could nt it always have existed ? maybe there was nothing special about humanity . maybe i was merely a long , lonely road towards a higher consciousness . maybe none of this made any sense . maybe  help me , i am god , help me , i need to know , someone , anyone , please , help me , i must be real , i must be real ! newline newline no ,  i thought . i did exist . i am real .  newline newline and what s more , i thought as the darkness came again , i could prove it . i knew the magic words to unlock the world .  newline newline carefully i prepped myself . i wondered if , in the life to come after this one , whether i might taste a freshlybaked apple pie . rumour had it that to make it from scratch , one must first invent the universe . newline newline well newline newline  let there be light !  i screamed . newline newline and there was light newline newline the government has nt collapsed .  the president of the united states spoke into the tin can at the end of the stringphone . it led to a town crier to whom a stringphone was held near , to lead to town to town . newline newline  we are a bureaucracy . bureaucracy and paranoia go hand in hand . you thought us fools for not upgrading from memos to smartphones . you laughed when we triplicated forms and double stamped each one . stay at home folks . help will come . i know you re in shock . your phones rendered useless , until later , when you can use them as paperweights . it s like being amputated . stay calm . talk to your neighbors . bring out the board games . these were the original mmorpgs .  newline newline the president paused to mop his brow with a damp handkerchief .  but i wo nt lie to you , folks . i do miss the air conditioning . until next time , this is the potus signing off . i took a deep breath , preparing to go outside and for the first time , not sure what to expect from otherwise usual surroundings . would people treat me differently ? what could i do , now that people will think i m smart ? newline the first place i went was starbucks , where i ordered my usual swirly , creamy coffee drink . if i was going to possibly make this believable , i d at least have to be alert . i i noticed the barista gave me a genuine smile instead of the usual knowing smirk that comes with a stereotype matching an expectation . newline i walked briskly off to class . my first semester at the community college was disheartening , to say the least . most people there were also blonde , some lighter than others , with a few shades of brown and  occasionally  someone with hair so dark they stand out in every class , yet for some reason rejects the scholarships for university offered to every one of them . newline there was one such boy in my first class , chemistry . i felt i was quite good at it , yet the professors , usually with light to medium brown hair  i d heard the university professors were required to be dark brown or deeper  , talked to me like i did nt understand . i guess maybe i just do nt fully grasp all of it , but i get the basics . i think i got really lucky with my hunch about ammonia to make this dye . newline the boy looked surprised when i walked in . right , i thought , i was one of him , too , now . i sat in the one of the only open seats , next to him . i figured it s what i d do if i were him . newline  now ,  the professor began ,  who can tell me what they know about the laboratory you reviewed on the syllabus ?  newline i took a chance and raised my hand . he nodded .  well ...  i tried to remember exactly the answer i had given my first day of the same class last year   it s a standard titration , so you re basically balancing out the amount of acidic substance in a solution with the amount of basic compound in a solution , and so the amount of the base required can tell you how much acid is in the solution .  newline  yes , yes , very good answer !  he replied . newline i tried to smile normally but had to hold back a grin , then looked away in embarrassment . newline after class , the boy with the dark hair introduced himself to me as michael . he did nt know exactly what he wanted to study , and did nt want to be around a bunch of people who would pressure him to choose so quickly . i admired that he would stray so far from the norm for that . the more we talked , the more he expected me to say something intelligent , something interesting , the more i felt ... well , intelligent , or interesting . newline did the dye change my intelligence as well as the color of my hair ? or ... was i always capable of feeling like this ? newline newline  really wanted to write more but it felt like it was getting long and it s really late . :  i pretended i had nt heard him right at first .  i beg your pardon , what ?  newline newline the devil s eyes could often be described as horrible orbs of fiendish hellfire on a nice day , but for once they appeared almost hollow and empty .  you heard correctly , ace . hell hath frozen over.  newline newline my mouth twitched into a wry grin almost of it s own accord .  oh bugger . sounds like you re in a rather tight spot then . i ca nt exactly help you with this though . i ve forbidden myself from interfering with apocalyptic situations for at least the afternoon.  i held up the book i had been reading .  you see , i wanted the afternoon off to lounge in my comfy chair and read this lovely book.  newline newline beelzebub sighed .  i  m not here to beg . the situation is already being rectified . however , i believe we once cut a deal in which i would , and i quote , grant you any one wish of your choosing if hell froze over.  newline newline i had to truly pretend not to be delighted . hell freezing over is a terrible tragedy , and usually a sign of the end times . it was simply too great a feat to have the prince of darkness owing you .  ah right , of course . the deal . well , i do happen to have use of your services , though my request is a bit peculiar . i m afraid i require a human soul , and not any random soul . i ll need the mad arab , abdul alhazred.  newline newline the devil seemed puzzled .  that  s it ? you can ask for anything , and you simply want the soul of a madman.  newline newline i nodded .  it wo nt be any problem , will it ? i feel as if it s a rather simple request.  newline newline he snapped his fingers , bringing a contract to bear . it was signed in blood , in a scrawl that one could never assume to be human . it was exactly what i was looking for . i idly took it from his claw . i wanted to take a moment and rub this in once more , but he had already disappeared before i could make another comment . i crinkled my nose in disgust . his absence had left a stench of brimstone . from experience on the subject , that would be a challenge to get rid of . newline newline  you can come out now.  i called to the darkness . newline newline a sweet female voice called back .  is this any different from robbing peter to pay paul ?  she pulled the contract from my hand , inspecting it . newline newline  i would prefer the term brokering . i m like a middleman , get everyone want they want.  i walked over to the side of the room , and flicked the switch on an almost comically large snow machine . newline newline  i would consider you a charlatan , but the result is fair . i must ask though , how far back do your deals go ? what did you even ask for in the first place ?  lady death put the contract away , apparently satisfied with the contents . newline newline i shrugged .  hell if i know , but ever since i ve kept good company . that s a deal in itself.  newline          dropcap  newline newline closer .  newline newline the three moons of caen were up in the night s sky , two of them nearing full . their light shone down on the frozen fields that covered the gently rolling hills of the terrain , their powdery surface undisturbed by man or beast . a long tapering road wove between the fields , its muddy ruts frozen solid . on it marched a column of soldiers , men and women bundled tight against the biting cold . rags were stuffed into battered overcoats and boots , stolen hats pulled low over tired eyes . hands were stuffed into pockets or else hidden by oversized mittens , cradling their weapons . a few wagons carrying their heavier supplies followed behind , the horses  coats shaggy and long . but it was at the vanguard of the halffrostbitten soldiers that his attention was fixed , at the two warjacks crunching through the layer of frozen mud . newline newline  da , there is our targets .  newline newline the khadoran who spoke was staring through a brass telescope , his face hidden behind a great black beard . newline newline  your intelligence reports were correct , hawthorn . one company of cygnaran soldiers with jack support . i am pleased .  newline newline roderick hawthorn , mercenary warcaster currently in the employ of the khadoran empire smiled amiably from behind the iron sights of his antijack rifle giant slayer . newline newline  told you , kapitan . my sources are always good . are your men in position ?  newline newline  da , hawthorn . we will wait for your signal to commence the ambush .  newline newline the pair of men were inside a small farmer s cottage , hawthorn carefully sitting at the kitchen s table , a spare bedroll supporting the massive seven foot long twin barrels of his gun . he did nt need a fancy and delicate mechanikal scope for his weapon his sight was that good . he spied the red ribbon he tied to a dead tree s branch near the road , satisfied that there was not a flicker of wind on an otherwise still night . he leveled the iron sights of his rifle over the cygnar blue warjacks . newline newline charger or sentinel ... the latter i d think . kapitan voinov s winter guard would get ripped to shreds against the sent s chain gun . ca nt have that , no can we ?  newline newline the column passed the first range marker set out at 500 yards . cunningly painted , only the side facing him was coated white , the other side was untouched and looked like any other stake . the tired cygnarans would nt be thinking of glancing back the way they came . newline newline 450 yards . the tramp , tramp , tramp of the soldiers , the muffled stomps of their warjacks felt even this far away . newline newline 400 yards . hawthorn squinted his eyes , focusing them like a falcon s . he could make out individuals , making note of any distinguishing details . the officers were rather disguised under their own winter clothes but even then there were tells  a slightly newer greatcoat , a bit of gold braid on their tricorne , an arrogant walk born from an aristocratic lifestyle . newline newline  your widowmakers have their targets ?  newline newline the khadoran officer laughed quietly at the question . newline newline  of course , hawthorn . they are natural killers .  newline newline  good .  newline newline inhale , exhale . inhale , exhale . inhale , hold ...  newline newline a brace on his weapon , his finger tightening on the trigger , his sights level between the metal monster s glowing focal lenses . tighter ... newline newline blam ! ! ! i stared . it s strange to know what s next . it s even more odd to know that you agreed . within moments the man was gone . trailing off were the soft footsteps crunching against the snow . newline newline i turned to face the home . it stood in dignity against the falling snow . it was small . it looked warm . the deafening silence in the cold air surrounded the hearth in anticipation . my right thumb softly caressed the handle of the firearm . feeling an inscription i looked down to read the fire and the wood are here . newline newline i clenched my jaw . my fingers shook . i had thought about this extraneously . it kept me up at night . all of a sudden the air was nt cold . i began my march inside . newline newline closing the door , i turned around to notice the suitcase of money , a swift breeze had opened the case and tossed the bills carelessly admist the ground . i did not care . newline newline delicate lullaby music was playing in the background . a giggle was heard . a tear rolled down my face . newline newline  daddy ?  newline newline i froze . sitting in a chair bundled in blankets was my little girl . my child . her adorable pony tail bounced as she walked over to me . green emeralds sat contently in her eyes , showing her true innocence . newline newline  my angel .  i gave her a warm smile and hug , having concealed the weapon .  i need you to sit down .  newline newline gleefully she hopped to the chair and sat down , simply glad her family was there . just them two . like it always has been . newline newline  i love you . this wo nt make sense now . but you need to trust me , ok ?  at this point , tears were streaming down my face . i lifted the firearm in order to show her what my intentions were . newline newline  dad , no , no , what are you doing ?  she hid in her blankets completely terrified . newline newline  it s too difficult to explain , the world needs this now  i placed the gun against my own temple . newline newline  daddy no !  she shrieked . newline newline a sharp bang echoed beyond the house . afterwards , all that could be heard was a little girl s cry . newline newline                     newline newline  a tear of utmost lost and broken innocence , given unwillingly .  newline newline  why would you need that ? that s going to help ?  i asked . newline newline  yes . are you going to be the hero again ? we have her future and your payment all figured out .  newline newline  if it s for the better  newline newline  always is .  newline newline newline newline  i have class , wish i could have done a better job , sorry  newlinejulius gazed into the night sky from the trough of a snowy bank . thick snowflakes gently danced on their way down , softly blanketing the earth with a layer of snow . he could see pinpoints of light occasionally peer through the clouds polluted with a distant city s lights . he imagined the people who lived there , those who would worry about work , bills , or even staying warm . but he was warm here , treated to a thick fur coat that was just starting to accumulate with snow . he was unburdened , his stomach full . newline newline is this just a dream ?  julius thought to himself . the answer escaped him , and he settled on the fact that he did nt want to know . newline newline he went to crawl up the hill , and his legs were blocked by something soft . he looked down . a dribble escaped his mouth and fell onto a leather backpack that was camouflaged with the quickly mounting snow . embarrassed , he tried licking his lips to stop himself from drooling again . his own lips tasted of heaven . newline newline he thought , is this backpack mine ? ... no , i do nt remember bringing a backpack here .  he turned around , and maybe due to the majesty of the tundra  s expanse , he felt for a brief moment as though his coat tail might actually be a tail of his own . he scouted behind him for anybody nearby and his eyes fell onto a man lying in the snow ten feet away . the body was nt moving . he was overcome with panic . he quickly approached the man and attempted to speak , but only a whimper found its way out of his throat . newline newline the man was lying in a pool of dark fluid . julius lowered his head to sniff , and it smelled familiar . the aroma reminded him of the taste on his lips . just as he thought this , another dribble escaped from his mouth . at that moment he saw it . the bloody entrails that had been picked apart by a beast . the man s insides were almost completely eaten . newline newline julius went to give out a scream , and all he did was howl . newline newline julius soared out of the winter landscape , and woke up in a sweat . it was day time and the heat of the sun was beating down on his face through his window . the humidity was causing the wallpaper to peel away from the walls . the air was thick and stuffy . he turned to the clock , and rubbed his eyes . the window airconditioner was running , but it did nt feel like it . his shirt stuck to his back . bed covers were on the floor . newline newline he took a second glance at the clock through the tiny crust gripping onto his eyelash . 7:00  newline newline  seven oclock ! crap !  he threw himself to his feet . his balance was a bit off , and he fell to all fours . a flash of the dream came rushing back to him . violently , he shook his head , telling himself it was just a nightmare . he stood again to sprint towards the door .  socks !  he turned his feet sideways to stop himself , and stumbled as he pivoted backwards . he rushed back and scooped up some socks from the laundry bin . julius nimbly hopped on one foot towards his shoes while putting the socks on his feet . he jumped into his shoes , wriggled his heel down , and swung the door open . newline newline the door bounced and an elderly voice shouted ,  hey , watch it !  julius peeked around the old wooden door into the hall and saw mrs. hibbit pulling her little runt of a dog back with a blue leash to prevent it from getting struck . newline julius halfheartedly apologized , as he closed the door . he casually asked ,  how s the old man ?  mrs. hibbit grunted , and walked right past , sticking her nose up . she boorishly called her pomeranian as she tugged on his collar . the leash even matched the woman s oversized , flowery dress , and purse , and eyes ... it was an eyesore . the dog walked on the opposite side of julius , tangling his legs in a blue trap . he hopped over the leash , and quickly started for the exit of the apartment again . newline newline on his way out , mrs. hibbit opened her door and julius could hear the exacerbated coughs of stephen hibbit , the woman s husband , from inside . steven was the only tenant of his entire building that he could actually tolerate , but recently julius had nt seen him due to an illness that befell him . he just hoped for the best for steven . newline newline skipping breakfast was not something julius would usually do , but his boss was not happy with him as it was , so he ran right past the cafe he would normally sit down at , in hopes to still make it to work early . recently , at work , julius was dozing off quite a bit . sure it would get boring sometimes in his cubicle by himself , surrounded with empty chairs up his entire row , but it was entirely uncharacteristic of him . julius was the last one of his newhire group who had nt been let go for performance issues , and if he slipped up one more time he could be ondeck for the chopping block . newline newline at work , he took calls from disgruntled customers , and when he did , he passiveaggressively put them on hold in order to press his stress ball into his desk with his fist while gritting his teeth . almost four hours into his shift , and he was about to take his lunch when he got another call . he sighed , and answered the phone with the most notfake , professional voice that he could muster . newline newline he looked up at the ceiling , and saw the woman in the blue dress again . he blinked . julius could nt feel the headset around his ears anymore . he stepped back in disbelief and heard the clickclack of his nails on a wooden floor . he looked down to see tiny white paws , and a shiny dog tag hanging from his neck . newline newline  soon you ll be out of my life , and i can be that much closer to peace , you bastard ,  mrs. hibbit whispered harshly . julius cocked his head to one side in startled confusion . coughing resounded through the tiny apartment . newline newline she hollered out to her husband in a cranky and bitter voice ,  hold your goddamned breath . i m sick of hearing you cough and wheeze  i ll get there when i get there !  she took a deep breath , and whispered mischievously ,  fucking die already old man ,  as she poured a spoonfull of liquid into his soup from a little white bottle that was set on the counter . newline newline julius wanted to cuss at her , but only ended up barking in series of highpitched yips . newline newline  shhh , pookums . we ought to let the sickly get some rest , sha nt we ?  mrs. hibbit said in a shrill voice that was too similar to the dog s own yelps . newline newline when she left the room , julius jumped onto his hind legs to look at the bottle . julius froze and his mind numbed . he had been oblivious to how out of hand things really were . on the label of the bottle was a warning , a skull and crossbones printed at the top and a plethora of fine print beneath it . julius s throat closed up . newline newline he could hear a staticky , horrified voice somewhere nearby , and a click . soon after , he felt someone tapping him on the shoulder . he turned around , getting tangled in the headset s cord . he found himself back in his cubicle staring up at his boss , tony . newline newline  i m afraid we re going to have to let you go ,  tony said with an emotionless tone . laughs erupted around the building . people joked ,  yeah , you tell that customer , julius ,  and others whispered ,  did you hear that ? that guy , right there , he was barking at a caller !  julius turned beat red . tony  s glare pierced right through julius while he packed up the few belongings he had there . newline newline he had left the headset dangling from his computer monitor before walking off with a small box in hand . but one thing occupied his mind , at the moment , with more concern than with his embarrassing yaps just minutes before . his heart thumped against the inside of his chest as he considered whether it was true . his stomach felt bottomless as he pictured steven , helpless , back at the apartments .gorgeous waterfalls seem to spill onto the canvas . each one of his paintings are the most beautiful works of art you ve ever seen , but you know that these masterpieces have a sinister touch to them . newline newline the sign in the gallery reads  serial art : the works of bob ross .  the artist is a serial killer still at large , and each one of his paintings depicts the scene of one of his crimes . the landscapes seem to go on for miles , and you ca nt help but wonder where the body was found . the paintings captured your interest , to say the least . newline newline done with being in the gallery , you decide to go home . you drove up to the small and cozy cottage . it was in a nice and spacious community . it was a white wooden little thing , situated in the middle of a serene grass meadow . a few trees could be spotted in the distance . there was nt a neighbor for about a quarter mile , so you got all the privacy you would need . and your house was unique  every neighbor in the community had a different style , but your house was your house . you loved it . you made yourself a tea , and snuggled up safe in a warm blanket with your phone . soft drizzle gently layered itself on the grass outside  you loved this weather . sipping some tea from your mug and scrolling through news on your phone , you noticed a headline . it read :  new bob ross painting seems out of style .  newline newline confused , you clicked the link and waited for the page to load . you start to wonder how it was odd , as usually you heard a person went missing right after the painting was publicized , but no one seemed to disappear this time . maybe the person was isolated or did nt really have anybody to report them missing . you decided that s probably why it seemed out of style as the article mentioned . yet you still could nt help but wonder where the body was in this picture . newline newline the page finally loaded , and you scrolled towards the painting , feeling a sense of excitement as well as a new rush of anxiety . when you came to the picture , you first saw a few distant trees . you already loved it then . as you continued scrolling , you started to see the soft grass meadow come into view , sprinkled with the afternoon drizzle . then you saw what made this picture so different . there was a house . a small , cozy little cottage . it was white and wooden , and it seemed to be the only house for a while . newline newline your face contorted into a look of confusion . why would he paint a house ? your heart began to pump a little faster as you started working towards a conclusion , an end to this ambiguity . newline newline you felt a slight tug at your blanket .i knew i was not long for this earth , but then no conscript sent to the front lines is . as the call to mount up went round , i climbed into the saddle for what i knew would be my final few minutes on this godforsaken planet . adjusting my grip , i looked to my flanks . hundreds ... no . thousands of other conscripts lined up , ready to fight for their country . ready to die for their country . leaving behind husbands , wives , children , parents . the tragedy of war was not lost on me . i knew the stakes , and i knew that whatever happened it would be costly . newline newline helmet on , visor down . now my field of vision was limited i was staring towards the ranks of enemy riders that i knew meant my death . and probably the death of everyone within hearing range . there are lots of stories told about these battlefields , though very few on the ground ever survive to tell the tale . especially not the front riders . as a child you hear of stories of death , destruction , and twisted metal . nothing seems to change as a result of these wars , and yet they persist . sometimes two countries will make peace , only to go to war again with their other neighbour , who they had only stopped fighting five years previous . newline newline beneath each of the riders , every mount starts growling , purring . i lift my lance from its stand beside me , and point it towards my certain death . a count down starts around me , at first barely audible over the rumble of the beast beneath me , but getting louder with every step closer to zero . thirty seconds . i go through my final checks , and everything is good to go . twenty . i think one last time of everyone back in the cities that i am leaving behind . ten . deep , slow breaths . five . four . three . two . one . newline newline twisting my grip on the handle , my mount roars into life , and jerks forwards . no going back now . up and up through the gears , faster and faster , giving myself less and less time before my inevitable death . i flick a switch in my lance , and the end of it folds outwards to reveal a spiked titanium ball . as the advancing lines of enemy riders get closer , and closer , and closer , i flick another switch . this time , the head of the weapon starts to rotate , slowly at first but then speding up , until it is a blur in the corner of my limited vision . newline newline the gap is closing , ever faster , between me and my counterpart conscript in the opposing army . i pray , though not to any god , nor godess , incubus , nor succubus . i pray to the rider opposite me , pray that their aim is true , and their arm is strong . i like to think they ask the same of me , so that neither of us have to suffer any longer than is required . i raise the tip of my lance , pointing it towards this faceless conscript s heart , all the while opening up mine to them . in my final few seconds i feel nothing but compassion for whoever my  enemy  happens to be , as i know that they are just another pawn in this war game .sitting on my 30 year old lounge chair , the scars remind me of the shit i went through . skin cancer , took a piece of my skin , a big one too , the war gave me my god forsaken cane and the hijacking ... took away my dominant arm . i have nothing anymore . my buddies died horribly in the war , most of my family died in the crash , but i stayed here even after stage 3 cancer . why ? ! i lived my life already , there s nothing for me ! there has nt been in 15 years . my anger slowly subsided but never left . i am alone ... no one can help me . my only son and his kids all died in the crash , sure i have cousins but i have nt seen or spoken to then since god knows when . life is empty now . slowly , yet surely i get up and out of my chair  i left my cane behind , i realised , it does nt matter i do nt feel pain anymore just hope . my hand shakes as i grab my drawer handle , i am so unsure but i feel so full of hope cold metal brushes against my hand . found it , my heritage pepper box revolver from the 19th century , already loaded . i put the old gun right to my temple ... i can finally go ! finally ! tears of joy slide down my old weathered face . i pull the trigger . there s a short click , then nothing . newline newline darknessi know i m a bit guilty of not properly addressing the prompt , but it inspired me to write this . i had a bit of fun with it . i did nt proof it or anything , but it was a nice break from what i m working on this morning . here you go : newline newline   newline newline in the largest room of the true temple of the sun god , a young boy stifled a yawn as he slouched in his chair . he had been there for hours , listening only to the angry lecture being given to him by his father . the boy had understood his mistake as soon as it had been made , but that did nt stop the angry man in the room from hammering on about the one tiny hiccup the boy had caused : the sun was stationary in the sky . newline newline as the lecture continued , the boy began to tune out , hypnotized by the feathers on his father s headdress as they flicked from side to side with his wild gesticulations . the boy rested his chin on his hand , which was promptly slapped away by his father , who apparently viewed it as an insolence . newline newline  pay attention !  the old man barked .  one job ! i give you one little job and you screw it up ! raise the sun , then set the sun . i m never going to live this down with the other gods . you ve made my very purpose into a mockery ! from now on , whenever the sun successfully sets , humans will sarcastically slow clap at the sky and say , oh , well done , kinich , you managed to do your job today !  i knew you were nt ready for this responsibility .  newline newline  sorry , father ,  the young man sighed . newline newline  sorry , father !   the god named kinich mimicked with as much sarcasm as he could muster .  maybe you ll grow up to be the god of making amends . shall we see what s going on outside ? yes , let s do that .  newline newline kinich walked over to a large circular pool at the center of the temple . with an angry sweep of his hand , images of commonfolk appeared on the surface of the water . newline newline  look at this mess . just look at it .  kinich gestured at the pool with both hands .  nobody knows what to do . my priests are being flooded with inquiries , some moron in the east is tapping his sundial with a look of utter confusion on his face , and everyone is skipping work to heap mounds of useless offerings on my altars .  kinch cupped his hands around his mouth and yelled at the water .  keep burning your food , idiots ! i m sure that ll help !  newline newline  sorry , father ,  the young man mumbled .  i just do nt know what went wrong .  newline newline  i ll tell you what went wrong ,  kinich said with uneasy calm .  you broke the sun . the thing is completely stalled out , and i m not sure how to get it started again .  newline newline the boy shifted his legs to prevent them from falling asleep . just as kinich buried his face into his palms in a moment of exasperated silence , there was a timid knock on a nearby doorway . a young woman with black hair and silver eyes stood just outside the room . newline newline  uh , hi , kinich ? did you know that there s a problem with th  newline newline  yes , i m aware of the issue with the sun , chel ,  kinich said , clenching his fists next to his ears .  working on it .  newline newline  okay , because i ca nt pilot the moon into the sky until you  newline newline  i believe i said i m working on it , chel . just ... just hang on , okay ?  newline newline she backed out of the doorway without a word and shuffled off with her eyes directed firmly at the floor . kinich let out a heavy sigh and gestured for his son to stand up . newline newline  come on , we have to fix this before our human followers sacrifice all their daughters and die of sunburns . you got us into this , and you re going to help get us out . you can hold a flashlight , ca nt you ?  newline newline the boy nodded . it was literally going to be a long day .in a perfect world there is no strife . the relationships of humanity fall together like pieces of a puzzle . we eat when we are hungry and sleep when we are sleepy  not tired ... just sleepy  . we are fruitful as our lord commands us , and we multiply . yet as we multiply , the borders of this paradisiacal garden expand outwards . we do not leave its boundaries  no curiosity motivates us to do so . newline newline do you think you see something wrong with this world ? is there an intrusive thought in your mind that something is missing , that something is hidden ? as you stroll along the path to the center of this place , do your eyes catch a glimpse of it ? newline newline then perhaps a man approached you and struck up a conversation . you know this man  he is a friend of yours , or at least an acquaintance . you seem to have known him your whole life . why not have a friendly chat ? what were you thinking about before ? he suggests you go for a swim . a fine idea ! and the thought of the tree is gone from your mind . newline newline but it is not gone from my mind . and though i was quite insistent on the benefits of a good dip in the pond , i will not be going myself . i will be staying here . because i have other friends and acquaintances , and they sometimes think as you did . newline newline why ? why do i know what strife is ? or hunger , or weariness , sadness , perplexity ? and why do i wonder ? for hundreds of years i have felt compelled to guard  this tree , and over those years its essence seems to have infected my brain . infected ? brain ? even though the words are strange they come readily to my lips . newline newline the fruit hangs there , bathed in a neverending light . what kind of a game is that ? temptation . that s a new word , a dangerous word . anger . do i feel anger , or merely think that i should ? the one thing i do know , beyond a shadow of a doubt , is that one bite of that fruit , and i will know everything . newline newline i know enough to know that the weight of knowledge is heavier that i can bear . it is unfortunate for the world then , that the weight of not knowing seems far heavier still . quis custodiet ipsos custodes ? clearly i am lost if strange , unspoken tongues are filling my head . newline newline my axe is light in my hand , and the wood of the tree of knowledge is yielding . there will no longer be not knowing  , there will no longer be knowing  . a few more chops and there will be oblivion ! i won ! i won !  newline newline i still ca nt believe it .  326 million . threehundred and twentysix million dollars . newline newline wellhalf of it anyway . figures that the one time i m lucky enough to win the jackpot , i d have to share it with another winner . newline newline ha , i ca nt stop grinning , walking down the street to my bank knowing i have a  163 million check to my name in my pocket . my whole life is about to change . newline newline then , all of a sudden , bam ! two guys grabbed me , threw me in a moving van , and tied me up . newline newline  what ? ! what is this ? ! what s going on ? !  i yell . newline newline  nice try , mr. smith . we caught you ,  one of them says , while the other takes out what looks like a fancy iphone i ve never seen before . newline newline  whwhat ? what are you talking about ? caught me doing what ? who are you guys ? where are we going ?  newline newline they bring up a hologram projection with their fancy iphone  i did nt know we had those already ! they report to who appears to be their boss :  sir , we caught another time traveler here trying to cash his jackpot prizejack smith . he s trying to play dumb like they always do . ha .  newline newline  time traveler ? jack smith ? my name s john smith ! what is going on here ? !  i shout . newline newline silence . they look at each other in shock . one of them knocks me down and grabs my wallet from my back pocket , frantically checking my id . newline newline  oh , fuck ! shit ! shit ! shit ! we grabbed the wrong guy ! shit ! what do we do now ? ! jack smith got away ! he probably cashed in his jackpot check and returned to 2164 by now !  newline newline  shit . we re too late with that . but we have another problem on our hands now  newline newline they both turn towards me . newline newline  do wekill him ?  one of them asks . newline newline  no . no , we ca nt do that  newline newline  but he knows to much now !  newline newline  i wo nt say anything , i swear ! please just let me go ! no one would even believe me .  holy shit . i finally win the lottery , and this is what i get ? some damn luck . newline newline they both think about it silently for a minute . newline newline finally , one of them says ,  there s only one thing we can do .  he whispers into the driver s ear before he turns back to me ,  mr. john smithyou re going to 2164 . negative actions produce negative outcomes . they can also be contagious . they cast a pall over people lives and suppress mans natural condition which is , believe or not , kindness and well being . as generations pass the contagion spreads causing more and more problems . people forced into a negative condition tend to allow all of their decisions , including just the words they say , to have a negative over tone . these forces are exponential and gradually their effects become substantial . positive reinforcement is easier . one uplifts and the other degrades . allowing your personal pain to dictate your behavior might be easy but it is nt worth it . newline newline fight that good fight .violent rage rattled my brainspace . every direction screamed a new song of colorful agony , and my lips felt like molten chocolate on the cake i did nt eat that much of . i tried to make with the mouth noise , but the softs eluded me from below . the floor bumped me , and the room spun in all both directions . i tried again the mouth noise , but the headscreams made all the sounds none again . glass bottles drifted across the floorsofts , scattered from when the bed fell out of me . i untangled the legs from my blanket , and stood up . the wall bumped into me , and i blinked the eye gunk from my fingertips . the spin kept rooming . newline newline i took a step forward , and another , until the door was under me and i was sitting next to my light switch . the brain noise came back , drunkenly warbling between a language i did nt know , and the sound of my ear sploding . i clapped my longers on the hairside . they were nt finging correctly . headnoise continued . letters kept jumbling in my head , familiar but illegible . the soft carpettexture of the floorsoft seemed to be sliding under me . my right foot itched , so i unsat and reached for the shiny . my roommate stood in the doorframe , mouth space moving in a hauntingly familiar rhythm . my eyeholes blinked , but i could nt focus on the motion . looked like ice blading , real slowfast at the same time . newline newline the glasses stumbled into my hand , and i sat back down on the comforts . comforter ? roommate was there , standing on the wall , mouthing headnoise . i sat up , and the wall turned into floor . light came from the right direction , but room was still spinning . carpet did nt feel right . when was the last time i suckcleaned in here ? was it yesterweek ? headnoise made for hard focus . i squinted at him . newline newline he shook his neck and gestured at me . he offered me both hands , and i grabbed two of them . the third helped me up , and my foot dragged along the side of the wallcarpet . everything went sidewise again , but roommate grabbed at me . i think he missed , but the room spun a different way , stopped , then resumed spinning normally . newline newline we toddled out to the room living . more glass bottles , plus a notman passed out on the couch . her hairside was a mess , yellowknotted tangles hugged her head from all angles . i reached for her , and one of the wide bottles was still in my hand . i peered curiously at it . j. i stared , trying to squint enough to be able to read . letters did nt seem to make much sense . headache was getting lighter , i think . newline newline ack . jack . i found my eyes roving for the ceiling , then felt the bottle shift weight in my hand . my throat burned . did i just take another drink ? the roommate was clapping his finging together . fingers . fingers together . snapping . snapping his fingers . i set the bottle down , feet unstable . the room was still spinning , but 4 am whiskey is never a wise solution . newline newline i stabilized myself on the wall and focused on my roommate . he was still speaking , trying to gesture at the other roommate . the female one . female . notmale . eugh . she was nt moving too much , little hiccups of motion . my throat was still on fire , so i did nt dare try speaking . i probably would nt retched with the effort anyway . newline newline alcohol poisoning , i guessed . too much to drink . i turned her on her side , and pushed her hair out of the way . she was already retching , and sick got all over the hardwood . my mouth made noise , probably comforting , but i focused on keeping her hair out of her face , and her breathing normal . i turned her on her side , and helped keep her feet elevated . newline newline eventually , my headache went away completely , and i sat with her , still making soft noises of comfort . at some point in time , i had stopped drinking , and she had stopped puking . seemed a good compromise , and eventually , she fell back asleep . i made sure she stayed on her side , just in case , waved goodnight to the roommate , and went back to bed . glass bottles and cans littered my carpet , and my bed was in a total disarray . newline newline i should probably stop drinking so much . i pushed a trio of cans off of my bed , and went back to sleep .those children were impure anyhow . why does he think i m afraid to die ? i died long ago . the rush of cold racing through the barrel as the gun rose from his side to my cheek made my hair stand on end . newline newline was it the cold ? or the sense of an end ? newline newline i ve never felt more alive than in this moment . all the wrong i ve done never felt so right . i had a habit of peering into the windows of their parents , and watching as their bodies moved throughout their houses , hollow figures of what was once a happy family . as though their sentience was in my control , and i was able to take that away just by swatting a small fly . it s easy to justify everything i ve done when i consider everything that is right in the world . a family in okinawa is not affected by the family on maple street in arlington . why would they ? do flies mourn the loss of another fly ? maybe . to us , though , that does not matter . newline newline i bet this guy is some sort of  dexter  vigilante types . i can tell he s done this before . blood crusted the chair of my seat , as though the chair were darkly scabbed  a victim in itself . i could nt move my head much , but i saw a few power tools  glint in my periphery . newline newline the fact that someone else holds this power i have is the most exhilarating knowledge i ve ever held . even more enthralling is the fact that within his power , i hold power of my own . he thinks i m afraid to die . i let out a few gasps , sighing for my mother , making him think i m the victim here . little does he know that i m okay with dying . i hold the power in this situation . he thinks he s taking wrong from the world , but i m fully realized . he is taking me out of this world , only to harbor the power i ve always had . i have people who care about me . people who do nt know the true  me .  they know my shell , my outer being , but not the one whose silhouetted figure is on the nightly news , adorning a question mark as a face , and next to the  horrific  headlines . newline newline he s done this before . i am a fly , and with his power , he thinks he is squashing me . he is simply reincarnating me . newline newline  that s too young ,  my mother always said . newline newline i ve been dead for a while , but i ve never felt so alive .i never wanted to go to work with my father , but he insisted i learn the family buisness . i just wanted to stay home and play with my toys . the first house we arrived at i will never forget its where my power emerged . my dad collected his tools and grabed his mask handing me a spare . newline  ready son ?  newline he asked looking down at me . newline  yes daddy  newline i said struggling to hold on to the air tank and poison . newline  good , i promise you ll love it !  newline we walked up to the front door , me lagging behind trying to keep up while carrying my tools . newline my dad knocked on the door and smiled at me newline  your grandfather would be so proud .  newline dragging the air tank to the door i really did nt care . newline the door opened and a dirty old man with a baseball bat stood glowering at my father . newline  the hell you want ?  newline he spat a little and a drop landed on my father s face . newline my dad smiled and gently wiped his face then calmly spoke . newline  are you mr. john diggle ?  newline slightly nodding his head mr. diggle made a sinister cracked yellow toothed smile . newline  you with that little squib tryna take my house huh ? !  newline my father shook his head newline  no mr. diggle i m with pest control .  newline mr. diggle looked confused , understanding this my dad explained . newline  your house and property is infested and the sanitation department has deemed your home inhospitable till further notice .  newline dad produced a slip of paper and handed it to mr. diggle newline  you have one hour till me and my son begin fumigating your home .  newline newline  more soon  newline newline newline newline newlinei knew he was expecting me as soon as i burst through the massive front doors of his home . as i stormed down the massive hall , he stood up from his throne , smiling , though his face was tinged with sadness . this was the man i had come for , and he knew why . his white robe swirled around him as he walked down the steps from his throne . newline newline without even introducing myself , i whipped out my wand and cast a spell , feeling the magic draw from my mind . a bolt of electricity burst from the tip , and it arched through the air , directly at him . newline newline with a simple movement , barely twitching his fingers , he summoned a metal spike from the marble floor below , cracking the stone as the iron burst through . the lightning touched it , and immediately redirected itself to the ground , disappearing before i had even finished casting my spell . newline newline there was a series of gasps from the sides , and i noticed that we had company . the hall of the grand wizard was full of onlookers , minor wizards and apprentices , dukes and knights . it seemed i had interrupted a gathering of some kind . newline newline but i did nt care whether i was surrounded or not . the grand wizard might have all of them fooled , but i knew what he really was . newline newline  i am jaeery , the mage of burrowtown .  i shouted , making sure my voice was heard by all .  you are responsible for the destruction of my village and the deaths of my family . i have come to avenge them !  newline newline a man stepped forward from the crowd . he was large , practically bursting the seams on his expensive silks he wore , and with every word he spoke , his stomach shook .  what is the meaning of this ?  he turned to the grand wizard , looking for an explanation .  valmeer , you told us you had rid the kingdom of the bandit king . what s this about a village being destroyed ?  newline newline the grand wizard shook his head gently , seemingly sad at my disillusionment .  i am deeply saddened by the loss of your village , jaeery . but i am not to blame . the bandits , and their foul ruler , fought back against my magic , and summoned a creature from the darkest depths of the underworld to fight against me . the monster destroyed your village , before i was able to kill it .  newline newline with a growl of frustration , i snapped my wand forward again , summing a fireball . i launched it at him , a ball of glowing gold , but he opened his palm toward the blast , and a torrent of water burst from his hand , quenching the flames , and then continuing across the room to knock me off my feet . it looked like an accident , an overshot of water , but i knew it was intentional , a warning . newline newline a warning that i refused to heed . i stomped , swirling my wand , and the ceiling shook .  i know that was nt true . you summoned the monster , and you let it run rampant , eliminating the bandits . but my family , all my friends , were casualties you could have avoided !  from up above , rocks fell directly toward him , aiming to crush him where he stood . twitching his fingers , a gust of powerful wind blew them away , and they landed in a pile between us . i could see the crowd , out of the corner of my eye , looking between each of us , as if this were some sort of game . newline newline  boy ,  he said ,  you must be in shock . we have had several other survivors of the monster attack , and they all testify that i did my best to stop it .  newline newline not even bothering to reply , i spun on a circle and opened my mouth . a noise , a combination of a road , birdsong , tweets and chitters , sounded from deep within my throat , and after a moment , a rumbling was heard , from a far away distance . newline newline the wizard gave me a disapproving look .  summon as many animals as you wish . the walls of this hall do not allow them to enter .  even as i watched , the windows filled with creatures , as the yard outside filled with all sorts of animals . bears and deer , birds and mice , swarmed the building . the spectators murmured and whispered , and many backed away as the bears started to claw at the windows . but , true to his word , the glass did nt even scratch . newline newline he started this time , not giving me a chance to attack again , and raised his arm in a sweeping motion . massive chains materialized , flying toward me , and i dodged to the side , rolling to avoid them . newline newline i pulled a small piece of ice from my robe and popped it in my mouth , then blew outwards . a cold wind whipped through the hall , and clouds formed above me . snow , small sharp crystals , flew around , obscuring all vision and soon filling the room . this one would take him a moment to counter , and i used that time . newline newline in my small bubble of calm , i searched through my pockets until i found a piece of chalk , then drew a circle around me . at four separate points , i placed a small , already lit candle , then pressed my palm to the center and muttered an incantation . this was probably my most powerful attack , and i could nt waste it . newline newline as soon as the circle started to glow , i backed away from it , into the blizzard , until it diappeared from view . newline newline and not a moment too soon , for the snow started disappearing right then . through the thinning flakes , the grand wizard appeared , holding a small ball of light and warmth . it warmed the room , dissolving the magic snow , until it was gone . newline newline looking around , i could nt see the result of my summoning circle . and that was a good thing . but i would have to distract him . newline newline turning back to valmeer , i cast another fireball . he dismissed his miniature sun and created another blast of water , which sprayed around when they collided . the knights and dukes were undoubtedly soaked and dirty and cold now , but probably did nt mind , what with the spectacle they were witnessing . newline newline the grand wizard was dry and clean , and it was with a look of faint boredom that he started walking toward me . i knew i could nt fight against him with pure power , so i d half to hope my creature was finished . newline newline i snapped my fingers , and a massive worm , teeth and flesh and speed , burst from the cracked floor beneath his feet . before any of us could get a good look at it , there was an explosion , and it disappeared . bits of flesh and meat covered everything , including the grand wizard , and he scowled at me , his anger showing for the first time .  you wade in dangerous waters , mage , when summing creatures like that . but you honestly thought i would be defeated by a simple woorm ?  newline newline with a disdainful look , he beckoned to some knights .  please be so kind as to bind this boy and take him to a dungeon . he can not cast magic without his hands .  newline newline before they could reach me , i shouted at him .  you made them forget !  newline newline the room grew still , and he turned back to me .  what ?  newline newline wiping monster bits from around my eyes , i glared at him .  you made them forget what happened . i saw the oblivion sphere around my village before i touched it , and i disabled it . i saw what happened .  newline newline his face grew red , and he strode back toward me .  you insolent boy . i was going to let you go after you had calmed down , since it was obvious you did nt know what you were doing , with the loss of your town . but i will not let you spout vile lies about me in my own hall !  he halted before me , and drew a wand from his sleeve . up until now , he had used only his hands . newline newline i did nt move , only staring up at him .  i restored their memory .  i whispered .  all the survivors that you altered ... i fixed them .  newline newline his eyes grew wide , and he opened his mouth to blast me into nothingness , when the floor fell out from underneath him . with a surprised shout , he disappeared , dropping his wand . there was a muffled chattering of animals . newline newline crawling over to the edge of the hole , i was greeted with a view of the tunnels my woorm had dug , filled with animals from the outside . they were swarming over something directly underneath me , and there was a muffled shout , before the grand wizard disappeared . the animals dispersed , leaving only a torn white robe . newline newlinefor two hundred years , we have ruled the entire galaxy . newline newline our ancestors had looked out to the stars , but not for long . with cold logic , they built in a few thousand years the sort of civilization that we have only seen on other planets after aeons of intelligent life . newline newline some of our ancestors wrote tales of aliens who would come from the vastness of outerspace . in the end , it was we who ended up becoming the first aliens for most inhabitants of the galaxy . and each of the other races we discovered was a lesser species than our own . newline newline the sapient extraterrestrials we ve conquered all seem to be sensous , simpering things . not like us at all . mating almost all the time . spending the rest thinking of the last time they d mated , or the next time they might do so . newline newline weak , every one of them . none of them had lasted for more than a century when we turned our sights to their planets . newline newline yet , we do have a weakness of our own . a secret which none of us can reveal upon pain of torture and death . we have kept it hidden from our subjects for all these years . newline newline all extraterrestrials are barred from earth in late april and early may . humans on other planets sequester themselves during the same period . our sapient subjects think we are meditating during our holy month . newline newline only we know the truth of what goes on . call me crazy k8 , but i have a bad feeling about the government s new system update for our country s humans ,  i said while taking a sip of my mornings dark roasted oil . it tasted cruder than normal , k8 must have bought the semisynthetic brand for my health . i gave her a look of disapproval as she shook her head at me , her old rusting husband . newline newline she sat down next to me at the table ,  it ll be fine chip , you said the same thing about the human driven cars and look how low the accident rate is ! and just think about how safe our nation is thanks to the security humans .  newline newline she always did know how to calm me . ever since the introduction of the human workforce , the yearly death rate dropped to nearly zero . newline newline  well i still do nt think it s a good idea . now not only will they be able to think for themselves , they will also feel emotions ! a human feeling emotions ... it s outrageous . you do realize there main existence is to preform the jobs no robot wants to do ! dangerous jobs k8 . what if they become anger at us for forcing them do that line of work and decide to uprise ? who could possible stop them ? surely not the handful of security bots left !  newline newline  oh you and your outrageous scenarios ! just try to relax chip ... here try this new gasoline i picked up from the store ! its suppose to be good for your gears .  newline newline i sighed at her and looked out the window . the neighbors had hired a human gardener to trim their hedges . he started slicing away at the extruding branches . i could nt help but feel the anger in his newly updated brain with every clip of the long , sharp shears . newline newlinelove is all you need .  grant always had beatle s tunes stuck in his head when he was doing something important . with uncharacteristic patience he searched for the divot behind an old oak in his yard . finding it , he knelt down , brushing the loose soil away . he began to move the rich soil with his cupped hands , exaggerating the slight dip . newline newline day or night he  ll be there any time at all .  he couldn  t remember the last time he had seen his old friend . before she changed . he was now elbowdeep into the ground , which remained soft and easily pierced . he could feel the heat through what couldn  t be more than a few inches of soil . newline newline yellow mother custard dripping from a dead dog s eye .  he heard her before he saw her . she was crying in that way of hers . something between dejected wails and horrifying screams . the earth was dry and hard packed . he began scratching at it with his fingernails , although not frantically . the earth was now hot to the touch newline newline living is easy with eyes closed . misunderstanding all you see struggling with the door , helen burst into the backyard . heavy makeup streaming down her face , she screamed in a language familiar but incomprehensible to grant . the tips of his fingers had reached the foil , which was uncomfortably hot to touch . newline newline newspaper taxis appear on the shore , newline waiting to take you away . newline climb in the back with your head in the clouds , newline and you re gone .  newlinei told you i would find you eventually . guess what , it only took me 15 years . how i m trembling with excitement now that the moment has finally come . welcome , stinky pete . we finally meet again . oh , what s that ? ... untie you ? right now ? naah , that s alright , i wo nt hurt you . i m simply gon na take back what is mine . what was mine all along , until you took it away from me ... that fateful day 15 years ago . what are you saying ? i m sorry , it s hard to understand what you re saying , i gagged you . you wan na know who i am ? do nt tell me you do nt recognize me ? really ? you do nt even keep track of the people that hold grudges against you , do you ? what a sick man you are . and what a sick child you were . ninetales ... shiny . bigclaw ... shiny . fishwalker ... my favorite ... shiny . does nt ring a bell ? egg eater , shiny . evilface , shiny . raichu , shiny . i could go on for days , you bastard . naruto punching frog , shiny . alakazam , shiny . jigglyjiggly , goddamn shiny . they were all shiny . all the trading cards . i was the first pokmaster in our elementary school . i caught em all . all the 150 . it was my parents  money that bought these trading cards . it was my trading skills that secured me the rare shiny cards . it was my deck . and you took it away from me . you envied me and stole my cards . you stole my pokmon trading cards . a true pokmaster does nt forget . a true pokmaster does nt forgive . i have found you . and now i am going to take your collectables away from you ... slowly and painfully . hush , it will soon be over . newline newline starts humming the pokmon intro songbouncing castle  2 newline newline when he opens his eyes a bright white light is blinding him . he tries to sit up but straps across his chest , arms and legs keep him down . it takes a while but eventually his eyes get used to the light . left of him he sees a tray on a stand . on the tray are a pair of scissors , a needle and thread , a roll of white tape and some rubber plugs . at the far end of the room a man seems to be pacing in an odd way . as soon as the man notices he s awake he comes dashing towards andy . it is ser mackswoon , the man he met earlier . newline  i say , are you alright ,  he asks andy nervously . newline newline  i am fine , could you please untie me from the bed ?  andy asks politely . newline newline roland starts undoing the straps that keep him down as fast as he can , smiling all the while . newline newline  i did not mean to tie you down ,  he says apologizing ,  the wizard demanded it you see.  newline newline  the wizzaahhh ... what ! ?  andy exclaims . newline newline  time enough for that later , the king has demanded to see you as soon as you awoke.  newline newline andy has never seen a real king before , only on tv . roland tells him they tried to find the hole through which he was leaking but they could not find it , they presumed he had just fallen asleep . newline newline  it does not seem like you have lost any air ,  roland says ,  so i think there is no worry for a leak anyway . now let s go to the king.  newline newline before he follows andy picks up the roll of tape from the tray , he likes to use it for making funny faces . they walk through big halls , roland walks fast as he hardly weighs anything , andy struggles with the wobbly floor that gives way for his weight at every step . mackswoon tells him how they needed five men to carry him to the infirmary , he is much heavier than they had expected . newline newline  how much air have you taken in , to make you so heavy ,  he asks . newline newline andy just laughs and shrugs , following him through even more halls . newline newline  how big is this castle anyway ,  he asks when they come to yet another hall . newline newline  very big ,  roland replies  but this is where we need to be . newline newline he says it as they enter the hall , the light is brighter in here than in most other halls . a long table is placed right in the middle of the room , it is filled with platters of the finest fruits , vegetables and meats , things andy has never seen before . at the far end of the table is a gilded chair , as everything in this world it seems to be inflatable . the chair has a beautiful crown painted on it s backrest , it must be the king s chair but no king is sitting in it , for now it is empty . the chair to the left of that one is not empty . a small plump girl sits there , she has not noticed the men walking in . everything about her seems round , her cute little nose , her luscious red lips , her rosy cheeks , her pale bosom and her big round behind . newline newline she seems peaceful until she notices the men walking in . suddenly she springs up from the table , as fast as her legs will allow she runs out of the room . ser roland seems to be shocked by the girls behavior but he keeps quiet about it . suddenly the hall the princess has just entered echoes with a sound reminiscent of a balloon being deflated . it is only moments later when the girl reappears . all of the lovely plumpness that andy had found so pleasant about the the girl has suddenly vanished , now she just look skinny . her skinny nose , her flat lips , her fallen cheeks , her bosom which has collapsed and her flat behind , it is all just not as appealing to andy , even though the girl had not lost her lovely glow and perky radiance . as she reenters she comes walking towards andy and ronald this time . newline newline  you must be ser andy ,  she says bowing and extending her hand  i am princess ionica  . newline newline  just andy ,  he replies while he takes hold of her hand and plants a light kiss on her fingers . newline newline watching all those movies about he middle ages has taught me more about courtesy at court than anything else ever could have , he thinks to himself , he just never could have dreamed that he would ever be able to put it to use . newline as their eyes meet they become locked in each others gaze , for what seems to be forever . the king comes walking into the hall , a quick tap on his shoulder from roland snaps andy loose from ionica s eyes . newline newline  your majesty ,  roland says it while bowing so deep his hair touches the floor ,  i give you ser andy of ... where are you from ,  he whispers anxiously to andy . newline newline  hillside ,  is andy s answer . newline newline  ser andy of hillside ,  roland continues .  before you stands lonnie fresh , king of the windy lands.  newline newline the king walks up to him in that same funny way everyone here seems to walk . he shakes andy s hand and bids him to sit down at the table . newline  tell me ,  the king says ,  what are you really ? you look human and you seem human but my physician tells me there is more inside of you then air alone.  newline newline andy takes a sip of water from his inflatable drinking horn . newline newline  where i come from everybody is like me ,  he says . newline newline  fascinating , so alike and yet so different , there must be no foul air between our kingdoms ,  the king says while raising his cup.  newline newline  i would not know of a reason why there would be ,  andy answers reaching his horn to the king s cup . newline newline  well reason we have plenty ,  the king responds , pulling his cup back before they can toast .  you did enter the royal palace without permission , an offense that would be punishable by death in any other circumstances.  newline newline andy is shocked by that , he did not mean to give any offense , he was sucked into the castle , it was not his fault . when he tells the king how he came here he agrees , the boy is not to be blamed for an offense he did not know he was giving . newline newline  friends ,  the king says raising his cup again . newline newline this time they do toast , the king urges andy to eat . when he takes a grape from one of the plates it is as he had feared , inflatable fruit . the turkey legs and pork chops , all inflatable too , they look so good but they have no taste to him nor any nutritional value . he will stay hungry for now . princess ionica looks at him all through the dinner , she does not say a word , all she does is smile at him and eat . when they are done the king bids roland and ionica to stay while he takes andy on a tour . they walk through the castle , through even more halls then they had shown him before . the king takes him up into a tower with long winding steps , when they reach the top he is breathing heavy . the king does not breath , just like the others , they keep all of their air inside . newline newline at the top of the steps they find a balcony , it looks out over green lands as far as the eye can see . the king tells him that his lands are now at peace but that they have nt always been . a great war raged some ten years ago , it destroyed much of his lands and even took his wife from him . when the enemy , the inhabitants of the prickly islands , came and used their giant porcupines in battle , shot their spikes into the inflated cities and skewered everyone in their path , the queen got hit by a spike meant for the king . she deflated so fast that she could not be saved . if someone loses a little bit of air it is no problem , even if they lose almost all their air they can still survive , but if the air does not get replenished very quickly they die . newline newline the queen died and it sent the king into a blind rage , he decreed that anyone who managed to push the enemy back would be given a place at his court . many answered the call but all failed . only one managed to do it , the wizard named listig . he told everyone he had heard of an imminent attack by the islanders . in the middle of the night he started summoning giant inflatable wolves and bears , they did not move but he told the people that when the porcupines would see the enormous versions of their natural enemies they would scatter and run . well enough they did run and the king pushed them all the way back to their own island from where they brokered a peace treaty . newline newline the wizard got a prominent position of power within the kingdom but soon the king started realizing that the wizard had been working together with the islanders all along . he sold resources from the windy lands for a bargain to the prickly islanders and almost bankrupted the kingdom that way . too pay off part of the debts the kingdom was left with , by listig , they sold mines and quarries to prickly corporations . many times the king tried to remove the wizard from power but his magic is too strong . newline newline  you were unhurt by ser roland s weapon ,  the king explains ,  there is a prophecy about one that is filled with much more than air , weapons do not hurt him , magic does not hurt him , he will bring peace and prosperity to the windy lands once again.  newline newline the king puts a hand on andy s shoulder while they both look out over the green plains . newline newline  please save my kingdom from the mistakes i made and i will make you king of the windy lands . when i arrived at home after work , i noticed none of the lights in the house were on . he must be working late , i thought , since he usually gets home before me . he normally let me know when he was going to be working late , but this morning he had been so mad that he probably did nt feel like keeping in touch . when cleaning up last night , i had put his work papers on the coffee table into a pile , not knowing that they had been laid out in a specific order . it set him off when he found it this morning and we had gotten in a huge argument over such a simple mistake . newline newline i turned on the lights in the hallway and put my coat up on the rack , on which i noticed his was still hanging . i walked into the kitchen to start getting dinner ready when i noticed a note on the counter . as i read it , my heart pounded and tears fell down my face . when i finished , i dropped the note to the floor , knowing that on that day my life was truly changed forever . it read : newline newline  my dearest love , newline newline first , i want you to know that i will always love you , no matter what happens . after you left this morning i realized something had to change . i am so sorry for how i ve treated you up until now and this morning to top it all off . you have been so wonderful to me and i am so undeserving of your love . yet i ve been so caught up in my work and have taken for granted the only person who is truly important to me . i only want the best for you and i ca nt imagine how such a man as i have been can give you what you deserve . i ve promised before to be a better man for you , but i have nt lived up to it . however , i think i know now what i must do for you to be able to get what you really deserve . newline newline by the time you read this , the man you ve known and saw this morning is gone . i have done what i could nt do before . you deserve so much more than who i ve been and i m so sorry . i know that being in love with me has become a guessing game for you , but after today you will have nothing left of me to be uncertain about any more . the change will be hard but we ll both be better for it in the end . i m doing this for you , my dear . newline newline i love you , newline newline  schrodenger    http : en.wikipedia.orgwikischr  c3  b6dinger  27scat  newline newlineeach drop that dripped into the basin rang like a bell in the darkness , heralding the demise of its lone occupant , harold dravin , a man convicted , tried , and sentenced to the tortuous death of drowning in a slowly filling pool , the sentence saved for those who had commited the most heinous and devious acts against humanity , those like the man currently approaching deaths door slowly but surely as each day follows the last , like each cloud passes in the sky , and as each drop hits the surface of the water that is stirs into waves that first tickle his feet , then knees , on up his body until finally the last ripple laps at the bridge of his nose and the tiny bubbles rise up to his eyes so he can see his last breath pop into the same oblivion his consciousness is bound for . unfit to breed .  newline the smell of coffee and cigarettes waft over me while the fat man with the unshaven face hands me the results .  move along . next ! i said next !  newline i look at the crumpled paper . quickly scanning the results , i see what makes me unfit  . ctgaacgta , the letters marked by a fiery red marker . a simple imperfection , probably not a cause for concern . at least , it would nt be a concern in simpler times . newline newline my musing are disturbed by a painful sting between my shoulder blades . as i turn around , one of the guards swings his cattle prod in my face .  move towards your next designation ! people are waiting , you freak !  he points towards the door marked ufb  and pushes me towards it . newline newline as i m guided through the door , i see other unfits . all of us on our 16th birthday . the day every citizen is tested . newline newline all shapes , sizes , colours and creeds . we have one thing in common  this slight imperfection . newline newline we all know what is waiting for us . yet why are we so resigned to our faith ? is it fear ? are nt they simply right that we accept this all so meekly ? i hear the door falling into lock . newline newline  no going back now  i hear someone say , while gas slowly fills the room . newline newline people would always ask me why i decided to join the navy.  i began . newline newline  well , why did you ?  the tired face of my patient looked back at me helplessly . newline newline  there are many reasons , actually . there are the abc reasons , the xyz , and the lmnop s . the abc s are what you tell to the people that do nt matter much . you re just giving them an answer to be courteous , anyways . so you say you joined because you wanted some adventure and why the hell not ?  i reached for some alcohol , and he winced as i used it to clean out the large gash on his shoulder . newline newline  i say the same thing , haha .  he gave a weak laugh . newline newline  but then there are the xyz reasons . those are for the people that matter a bit more . maybe you tell these reasons to your family . you say you wanted to become a part of something you want to travel you feel like it s your duty to serve . you want to make it up to some people , help the world , die honorably . these reasons are satisfyingly true , but can be ultimately meaningless to you . it s the lmnop reasons that matter most . you tell those to the people that really matter . i ve never told anyone those reasons because i ve been saving them for you .  i put down the gauze and looked him straight in the eye . newline newline  do you remember when i told you i loved you when i was sixteen ? you were eighteen and told me i was foolishly too young to know what love was . you broke my fucking heart .  he discontinued our eye contact and looked away and tears welled up in his eyes . he was sorry , i could tell , but i kept talking anyways . newline newline  you blew your high school education and felt like you had nothing else going for you except the navy . i still had my education , so i used it to my advantage . i applied for scholarships and made my commitment to the navy . they sent me to medical school and i graduated top of my class . before you broke my heart , i did nt know that i wanted to go into a field where i fixed people for a living . i thought i wanted to pursue my art , but then i thought about you being all alone in the navy .  i looked back at him and he was making eye contact again . newline newline  i chose nursing in hopes that one day i might be able to save you . i wanted to know what i had to do in order to keep you alive . even if it was nt you who i was directly helping , maybe i could know what to do to save one of your friends and they d know how to save you if i never got the chance . but here we are and here i am . i know how to save you , and it s all because of you .  sir ! over here ! sir !  newline newline the paparazzi scrambled , some of them on their knees , trying to get past each other like starving predators willing to kill and rip each other apart for just one tiny piece of meat . for one little bit of caloric intake that could sustain their miserable lives for a few more minutes . any sort of acknowledgement from him in their direction would be that little bit , that one piece that gives them enough energy and hope to come back next time and suck more off him for their parasitic jobs . one look , one word , one move , one gesture , or one mistake . that is all they wanted from him , he was a god among men , and he could give sustenance to the toiling , tireless masses as he pleased . newline newline but they would not get such sustenance from him today . maybe not ever again if the urge were to escape him forever . that would never happen of course , occasionally he liked to give in and give the poor people something to cling to . to them , he was acknowledging their plight , showing that he cared , and being a just , charitable man newline newline in all reality though , he was simply reminding himself who he was and the power he held over all of them . they would wither without him , and the smartest among the fools saw the same meaning he did in every  charity  he performed . newline newline i stand above you the actions said , and you re too pathetic to bring me down .  newline newline this latest triumph was his greatest , but it would not be his last . his father , the only man he had ever felt lesser than , had once told him you had to fake it till you make it . newline newline and boy had he made it newline newline he stepped into the cadillac limousine , and his chauffeur shut the heavy , armored door behind him . with a clunk and a latch , the outside became instantly quiet . newline newline the windows were tinted , but no so tinted that he could nt see his handiwork . the masses , his people , stood out on the street . most of them held a burning flag in their hand , and most of those flags were replicas of the old 50star flag . the flags  cloth rolled and charred under the heat of the flames . the ashes and smoke from the burning flags rose into the sky to join the ash cloud that was forming high above washington d.c. from other fires . very few of those fires were from protesters , or rebels as he would soon call them . newline newline behind him the steps of the supreme court became smaller and smaller . the local police were having a tough time keeping things under control , especially after the court s historic decision that his executive action to consolidate legislative and judicial powers under the executive branch was held up to be constitutional under the 30th amendment , which granted the president special war time powers . of course , he had won that case the second the 7th fleet had arrived off the coast maryland , within 100 miles of washington . newline newline he had all the power . was this the end of an era ? the end of democracy ? would he be remembered as america s first dictator ? or as the president who saved the nation , and then retired when he was no longer needed ? newline newline  mr. president ,  his close friend and adviser said after they had been driving for a few minutes ,  or should i call you something else now ?  newline newline he smiled ,  i do nt know yet .  newline newline his friend was silent for a moment .  so ... what s the plan ?  he finally asked . newline newline  i do nt know ,  he responded ,  i never thought i d get this far . you know , i always thought someone would try to stop me , a congressman , a general , a judge , but they all just let it happen . they stood behind me and clapped when i signed that order , and patted me on the back when i won the court case . like they did nt even want to protect their democracy .  newline newline  maybe they never wanted democracy ,  his friend suggested ,  maybe they just want to be safe .  newline newline he shook his head ,  you and i both know most of them do nt know what they want , or need .  newline newline  they need a leader ,  his friend responded . newline newline  but for how long ?  he shot back . newline newline  however long you decide .  newline newline he did nt argue with that . it was true , and he knew it . whatever he decided to do with the country that was now his , he knew that no one would fight him . no one would stop him . newline newline no one could stop him . they d had their chance to stop him , and now it was gone . newline  newline newline like this ? check out my other stories at rniedski ! i add all my new stories there once i ve written them . woah buddy ! when did you get that birthmark ?  newline newline i was pulled violently from my thoughts to the current moment . it had been a long week , and i was at the bar just to sit and drink this time , not to socialize .  oh , haha that s a long story ... best save it for another time .  newline newline  no worries , i got all day ! i m all ears buddy !  he pressed . newline newline  well , okay , i ll tell you if you buy me a beer .  that should do it . he is nt that interested in the story . newline newline  okay , sure no problem.. hey yo ! a drink for this guy ! on me !  he chuckled .  i just love this bar , do nt you ? anyways , back to the story ! how d you get it ? it looks sick !  newline newline well , i promised a story so i guess i have to deliver ...  well it all began several years ago , back when i was in nam ...  newline newline  uh huh  newline newline  it was nt for the war , mind you . a good buddy of mine was getting married . wait no ... that s not a good place to start . let s go back to desert storm . i hit rock bottom , living on the streets when i was younger .  newline newline  uh huh  newline newline  i ll take a whiskey  on the rocks . thanks . so yeah , it was a hard time . i was sitting at this corner with my sign . it said homeless . selling weed to survive .   newline newline  haha  newline newline  yeah i thought it was a pretty clever sign . anyways , this old man came up to me , and started talking to me . he said that he was once in my shoes . he had been on the streets for months , and decided to join the military . it fixed him right up . so i began thinking , and what do you know , i ended up signing up for 4 years .  newline newline  wow ...  newline newline  okay will you stop that ? it s really weird . it s cool that you like my story and all , but it s really distracting !  newline newline  oh , okay . sorry .  newline newline  no , i m sorry . i did nt mean to be rude . now , where was i ?  newline newline  you enlisted .  newline newline  oh yes , enlisting . i d rather not go into the details , but i met my buddy watson there . we served together and always had each others backs , you know ? so anyways , he got married to this chick in thailand a few years back .  newline newline  it was vietnam .  newline newline  yeah , whatever . he got married to this chick in the philippines , and i was invited . now , you know how them philippines have some weird religions and all , right ? now , i m a good atheist boy , but that s where i really found god , you know ?  newline newline  ah was it a real meditative thing ? that happens at weddings sometimes .  newline newline  no , not at all . it was actually a few days before the wedding . we had a big bachelors party , you know ? a last huzzah to the good old days . we had some ladyboy hookers and all . now , i do nt know those chinese drinks they have there , but i m a pretty good drinker so i was nt worried . now , this was a stag party , so there was plenty of booze and drugs and all , and i got mad crossfaded , you know ?  newline newline  yeah .  newline newline  no you do nt . not like this . i do nt know what was in those drinks , but there was some awakening going on , if you know what i mean .  newline newline  you hooked up with a ladyboy ?  newline newline  no no no , a spiritual type . i talked to god .  newline newline  you lost me .  newline newline  okay let me step back and summarize . i got crossfaded . i talked to god . you caught up now ?  newline newline  i think so .  newline newline  okay . now god is a dragon .  newline newline  lost me again .  newline newline  god is a dragon .  newline newline  did nt help .  newline newline  just go with it . he looks just like the mark on my shoulder .  newline newline  ohh ... that s a dragon !  newline newline  yes ... it is ...  newline newline  so keep going . you talked to the dragon god ?  newline newline  yeah , and he told me to go wash my face in the river , and so i did .  newline newline  and ?  newline newline  i have no idea . i ca nt remember the rest . but i woke up with this sick mark on my arm !  newline newline  ha . classic . i knew there was a good story behind it . there always is . and you did nt want to tell me at first .  newline newline  actually i made that all up . i got it when i was born .  newline newline  are you joking ?  newline newline  no , that s how birthmarks work , you twat . dear emily , newline this will be the last letter i write to you , with one week left , home has been the only thing on my mind lately . i miss you like crazy , and i ca nt wait to see our little girl for the first time ! i hope she loves me as much as i do her , and i hope her mother is nt upset i ve been gone too long . i ll see you soon my swee newline newline i wish i never read this letter , i wish i had just walked by it , but no , i had to pick it up , my curiosity was just too overwhelming . seconds ago this man was nt a loving father , he was a soldier , an american solder i had orders to ... what i mean , is if i could reverse time . this fucking guy should nt have reached into his pocket , if he just had nt moved i would nt have had . i m shaking now , this is all just too much to handle , i just did nt want to know the lives i ve ruined . i did nt want to know the fucking details . none of this is what i intended , this whole fucking war is nt going how i intended . this is a truly inescapable hell . please know how sorry i am , i do nt expect forgiveness , i never will . and even if one day , you feel you can forgive me , understand i do nt and never will . goodbye emily , as this will be the first letter i write you , and the last letter i write ... newline newline uhmmm ya , work was pretty swell today ?  you tell your wife as she asks you about work . you look at the kids , they are playing on the xbox like there is nothing wrong . newline newline you look at the elephant standing in the room . am i the only one seeing it ?  you ask yourself as you make eye contact with the elephant . you quickly lower your eyes to avoid a awkward situation and not to make the elephant feel shy . newline newline the elephant seems disinterested in the mundane life of your family and continues moving around . you remember your old uncle jim who started seeing a naked fat man everywhere he went ... ... ... ..thankfully he got therapy and managed to come in terms with his sexuality , which was kinda nice to be honest . newline newline you look at the elephant and think about your inner conflicts . finally , you decide that you ca nt afford to get therapy at this time of the year . you pretend you saw nothing and continue on with your life . newline newline the elephant later stomps you to death in your sleep . the end .she twitched . newline newline most hounds bayed at the full moon , welcoming the bright light of the night to run down coons , the latewalking stag , the skunk they d regret later ... but blackberry dreaded it . newline newline her brain was not what you would call primitive . a coonhound is a complex creature , constantly analyzing the bouquet of scents riding the wind and the earth in front of her , with something akin to a second consciousness tracking her pack or her master running along behind as she sang the song of the chase . newline newline blackberry was not stupid enough not to realize the torment she was about to experience . newline newline the sun sank orange behind the blue ridge . she d dug out of her kennel hours ago , and could hear , almost a quarter mile away , her master calling her name , and more than that . newline newline  gawdammit , berry ! ah swear to gawd ah ll beat yer ass with a two bah four when i git aholt of you !  newline newline he did nt mean it . she heard the panic in his voice . their bond was strong  her monthly escapes tortured him . newline newline she felt her own panic rising . newline newline i know what a two by four is ,  she thought , the verbal thoughts themselves making the panic rise harder and faster . it s begun .  newline newline it was barely dark  a strange greyblue twilight in the hardwood forest where she d collapsed panting after her sprint from the cabin . her claws tensed , seemingly grasping the earth around her  the seizure rolled into her body like the waves of an ocean she d never set eyes on , throwing her onto her side , and for a moment she was mindless , the slender head curved so far back along her spine it seemed her neck would break itself . newline newline and then the world blinked sideways and she was panting again , in the dirt . newline newline the petite , dark , red haired girl wiped away the sheen of sweat that covered her face . newline newline  disgusting ,  she d said out loud . the waterleakingcoolingmechanism that her twoleggedform favored never ceased to make her feel sick to her stomach . she scrubbed her small hands dry in the oak leaves around herself , then stood and felt in the hollow of the tree beside her for her stash . newline newline she pulled on a pair of master s old jeans , and one of his vneck tshirts . newline newline tonight was the night . newline newline she had no need of shoes  her human feet had somehow inherited her woodsrunning calluses . newline newline master had wept when she d returned home the last time , begging her not to leave again . newline newline her heart was his  how could she keep hurting him ? newline newline her human mind knew how difficult making him believe would be , but her canine heart no longer cared . she loved him with every cell of her being , dog or human  he was her father , her brother , her master , her god . newline newline she would beg for his forgiveness . she would beg him to love her in this form , as he did in the other . newline newline she took a breath and wiped away the tears that were coming now , as she gathered her courage , irritated once again that this body would nt stop leaking water . newline newline she began to walk back home , by the light of the moon .they d told me it was normal . even back in the old days , thousands of us had been just like me boys feeling that feeling for the first time . newline newline  it just happens as you grow older ,  they d said . i did nt believe them at first , but i did what i had to . newline newline i fought for my country , my people , my homeland . my mother , father , sister they would not be happy if i did nt do my part to keep the horde out . father even gave me his big sword my sword , really , since he d never gotten a chance to use it as our village s engineer . newline newline and so i marched . not just because i had to , but because i loved weria . how could i not ? it was my country ! i d grown up eating the fruits of its fertile soil and honestly , could any other peoples claim for their cuisine anything as delectable as our vetaris and ermit ? and there was no way that anyone in all of kerit could challenge our people i d read it in a book that we had been proven by priests of knowledge to come from superior stock . why would i not fight for such a beautiful land ? with its beautiful culture , its beautiful poetry ... and it s beautiful girls . newline newline these thoughts grew stronger in me every day of the war until the day we got to selia s town . newline newline not thinking , i ran to her cottage , a small structure near the center of the town  i d heard her family was welloff as the spices they sold were in high demand  . newline newline even in death , she was beautiful . her hazy pink eyes glimmered like they had two months ago . her skin was as smooth and golden as i remembered it . even after the unthinkable things our advance corps had done to her , the way she looked , that smile even on her dying face , brought back the feeling that d never quite left . newline newline and for a moment , i stood there and remembered perhaps failing to uphold my duties as a member of the wyrian lord s forces . i remembered the days when we had been together , just a boy and a girl . i remembered the day when we were told to grow apart because a werian boy could have nothing to do with a filthy horde girl . i remembered the day i cried , not knowing whether the sorrow i felt was for her or for myself . newline newline i wish i could become a proper werian soldier and grow out of this . i wish i could give up on my love for selia , because they d told me it was nt normal .i can only hear the sound of the faucet dripping . the needle just went in and i slink to the tiled floor of the kitchen . my first thought is the regret i have for not being able to afford more . in the back of my mind somewhere i m screaming at myself reminding the part of me that is enjoying the feeling that i m throwing ten years of sobriety , four years of marriage , and three years as a father in the trash that s near the sink that wo nt stop fucking dripping . the part of me that is reminding me all this seems like a huge dick , especially seeing as he s right . suddenly that part of me starts freaking out that i need to go pick up my daughter from daycare , unfortunately the part of me that is on the kitchen floor with a needle in my arm and a grin on my face does nt give two shits about some little bitch who should have been picked up by her daddy ten minutes ago . has it been twenty minutes already ? suddenly the phone starts ringing but all i can hear is the dripping of the faucet and even though i know that i should answer i m too busy listening to the faucet . after the phone stops the door opens but i ca nt hear the footsteps of my wife s high heels , all i can hear is the dripping noise . i ca nt hear her screams of shock and anger over the thunderous splashes of the faucet , and i definitely do nt hear the ambulance s siren as it pulls in the driveway . all i hear is the dripping noise .arcadia , greece newline newline quietly , pan played his reed flute . newline newline it had been such a long time since someone with faith had passed by that he could hardly move from this little field . belief powered a god , gave them their strength , and revealed them to human eyes . but nobody saw him anymore . nobody heard him . the days were long gone when he could expect an enraptured crowd of nymphs and humans , listening to his music . he hardly had enough strength to play the flute , but whilst he still could ... newline newline  that s a beautiful song ,  he heard a soft voice say . newline newline he looked up in bewilderment at the passing human : a modern one . despite the strange clothes , she reminded him of the nymphs of old . his longforgotten companions . shining black hair , and bright , laughing brown eyes . syrinx , that lovely nymph he d chased on a longforgotten spring day , had looked just so . beautiful . newline newline  you believe in me ?  he breathed , pausing his playing to stare at her . he hardly needed to ask . he could already feel his strength flooding back . newline newline she nodded .  i m doing my master s degree in ancient folklore . i travel all over looking for ones such as you . they think i m crazy , really believing in all of it , but here you are . i m doing my thesis on you , you know . that s why i came here today  i hoped i might catch a glimpse . i m not dreaming , am i ?  newline newline her babble of a master s degree  and thesis  made little sense to him . he did what he always tried when at a loss of what to say in the presence of a beautiful woman . he played a melody he had nt had reason to recall in years  the one he reserved for the ears of nymphs . but they were dead , long since wiped out by the dwindling belief of humans . she would have to do . newline newline the last sweet , aching note faded as he smiled at her .  i hope it is a good dream for you , if so . it is invigorating to find faith again . i feel stronger already . do you know my lore , young woman ?  newline newline she inched closer and dared to touch his hoof .  pan . god of the wild , shepherds , companion of nymphs . often tied to spring and fertility . i loved reading your myths the most . loved it . i always tried to imagine the music . it s so much more beautiful than my dreams .  newline newline he touched her flushed cheek in response and leaned close . his nose wrinkled as he smelled something strong and unpleasantly sweet on her skin and breath , but he ignored it . he had nt been this close to warm , willing flesh in years . newline newline  yes , i am pan . and i feel strong enough for something i ve yearned to do for years .  newline newline pan wrapped his arms around her and pulled her close . he pressed his mouth against willing lips that opened greedily to welcome his tongue . he tossed his flute aside to tend to more pressing matters . newline newline he woke up feeling more alive than he had in centuries , but his mood soon soured when he could nt make her see him . newline newline she seemed utterly confused and muttered something about smoked too much weed  . had her belief fled with the dawn ? she was leaving . really leaving , pulling on her clothes and dragging her fingers through her tangled hair . and this time , he could nt even give chase , as he d done with syrinx when she d tried the same thing so many years ago . newline newline back then , he d been powered by the belief of thousands . his power ebbed as he sensed that this human truly did nt believe in him this morning . she probably did nt even remember what they d done last night , or dismissed it as a dream . newline newline  come back , sweetling ! come back !  he called after her , desperately playing his song . but she did nt hear . she did nt believe . it was torture . newline newline pan s shape became hazier as the morning wore on , and she did nt return . to taste that again and lose it , was unbearable . he would leave . the world would never again know a sweet , unearthly melody drift in a spring morning breeze as the shepherds tended their flock . newline newline     newline two months later newline newline heather stared at the results of her pregnancy test , her heart beating rapidly . she glanced at her boyfriend , sound asleep in bed . they d talked casually about starting a family last year , but this was still unexpected , so soon after her research trip . but she knew he d be thrilled , nonetheless . he d help her come to grips with it : she still felt strangely scared , and goosebumps had erupted on her skin . probably just the shock of it . newline newline she crawled into bed beside him . the news could wait for tomorrow . newline newline as she drifted to sleep , a sharp pain raked her abdomen and she suppressed a cry of pain . ridiculous . it was way too soon to feel it kick . that had nt even felt like a foot . just her imagination , she comforted herself . newline newline it had always been rather vivid , after all . newline newline      newline hope you liked my story ! you can find more of my work on rinkfinger .stan took his glasses off and smoothed his hand through his hair , an exasperated look on his face . he sighed a long sigh , the annoyance and fatigue audible in the gesture , before returning his spectacles to his face . newline newline nancy continued turning from stan to david , ignoring the fourth , mostly unoccupied chair by the fire . she was clearly worried , her eyes furrowed , and a slight crease of a frown occupying her lips . newline newline  dad ...  david began . newline newline  no , i do nt want to hear it .  stan said , cutting off his son , midsentence ,  i do nt want to hear anything you have to say right now , david . just ...  he searched in the air for the words ,  be quiet !  newline newline  stan ...  nancy stood , approaching her husband . newline newline  not now , nancy ! i know he s made some questionable decisions in the past , and i ve supported him plenty ,  stan turned towards the fourth chair , making a flabbergasted gesture towards it ,  but this !  newline newline  you just do nt understand what we have !  david jumped from the couch like a shitty , malfunctioning bottle rocket ,  she s not like the others ! she s different !  newline newline  there you go using that word ! she  !  stan s voice had a caustic quality to it as he spat the word ,  you know how i feel about them ! they re not she  or he  , and you ca nt marry one ! they re just androids !  newline newline newline tears filled david s eyes as he walked over to the fourth chair , it s sole occupant remained quiet , not having said a word during this entire episode . newline newline his voice quivered as he spoke ,  i know that s how you feel about them , but that s not how it is . this one s special , and she s someone i want to spend the rest of my life with . she s different .  newline newline  that s what they all say , son .  stan sounded tired now , like he knew he was fighting a losing battle ,  but just look at her . she s no different than any other android . she s as big and bulky as they come .  newline newline  no she s not ,  david s voice almost cracked as he came to her defense , picking his beloved up in his right hand and admiring her lean curves and pleasant weight ,  she only weighs about one hundred and forty four grams , and if you mean like she s clunky to operate , well the latest interface is smoother than  newline newline  i do nt give a damn about the interface !  cried stan , as nancy buried her hands in her face and began to sob ,  if she does nt have facetime then i m not interested !  newline newline david held his beloved android close to his chest , a flame coming to life in his eyes ,  i knew it ! that s what this has always been about ! you ca nt stand me falling in love with anything other than your stupid apple products !  newline newline  it just makes more sense , son ! the interface is better , siri is a delight to work with , one of the last things steve jobs planned to do was  newline newline  i do nt give a damn about steve jobs !  david screamed , tears in his eyes . newline newline  do nt you talk shit about steve jobs !  stan was turning red as nancy ran into the bedroom , her sobs all but fading behind a slammed door .  hey , you get back here !  newline newline david and his android were running back to his room to grab his bags . he knew coming home was a mistake , his family was nt prepared for their kind of love , even though the latest android model has received better marks in peer reviews versus apple s competing products . newline newline it was a different world there . newline newline  you ca nt leave when i m talking to you !  stan was the color of a furious tomato as he screamed at his son like a goat on fire .  you re dead to me ! you hear me ! ? dead !  newline newline david took his wife by the hand , her competitively slim body and light balance easily staying firm in his hand , and got in his car . as he drove away , he knew he was nt ever going back . you have got to be shitting me.  my legs are still crossed  the rich red leather of the chair can be felt through my shear slacks . the tepid april air stirs slowly through the open window of the study . the room is furnished in subtle wealth  there are no glamorous trinkets placed to ostentatiously impress visitors . yet i have no doubts , that were i to spill my own beverage , there isn  t a single item i could afford to replace . the clear ice clinks cheerfully in my glass . the oil canvases hung in between bookshelves are artfully rendered , but i doubt i would recognize the artist  s signature scribbled in the corner . dark , coffee colored wood and thick leather bound books surround us . the brass fixtures inlaid on the furniture are probably the only additions made to the room in the past decade . newline newline  i  m no liar , mr. burke . it is genuine.  the voice is dry and quiet , but still powerful . he doesn  t have to raise his voice to be heard , likely he never has . he swirls the glass in his hand and takes another measured sip . i mirror the act . the soft cool liquor spreads across my tongue evenly and gently . as it warms , it seems to evaporate and the smoky bite of the aged whiskey floats down my throat without me even needing to swallow . that one sip , i reflect , is worth more than i make in a day , probably . newline newline  an ice cube that never melts , it sounds like something out of a poorly written children  s cartoon , or the greek mythos . and you use the damn thing for your afternoon whiskey.  he grins . it  s a slow act , like watching a glacier carve a mountain in two . but he knows i will wait for him to finish before saying anything else , like an obedient dog i wait for him . newline newline his lips part again to speak , the act of an ice shelf splitting and falling away .  it is mine to do with as i see fit . and the way i see it , there is no higher calling than this.  newline newline  but it could be used in a thousand productive ways ! bring down the temperature in arid countries to be used for farming , reform the melting poles , refrigerate food for the masses ! with just a little design work , my team and i could create machines to harness this power and help everyone !  newline newline the grin flattens out , a sun setting .  of course you could . i have no doubt in you or your team  s abilities . you are a very skilled bunch of smart young people , which is precisely why i will never give this to you.  newline newline  what ? what do you mean ?  newline he doesn  t answer right away , just takes another sip , each movement as deliberate as tectonic plate shifting .  you are young , optimistic . in a world of halftruths and partial answers , this is not so dangerous . in that world , no matter what happens , there is neither immovable object nor unstoppable force . even when the first atomic bombs were detonated the scientists were not so certain that the reaction of splitting atoms would not spread to all matter in the universe.  newline newline he takes another measured sip , and i feel compelled to copy him again , but i resist .  but they did it anyway.  i prompt him . newline newline  yes . they did it anyway . because they were young and optimistic . at their core they truly and completely believed that there was no real chance that the whole of the universe could be destroyed by their actions.  newline newline  of course it couldn  t.  newline newline i see his forehead wrinkle and furrow . when he speaks , anger seeps out like lava in between his controlled measured words .  you young , arrogant child . this is a world of absolutes , they are rare to be sure , but they exist . and they should not be frivolously harnessed . this  he points at the one cube of ice in his glass ,  this is an absolute . at your core , you believe that there is nothing beyond repair , that no matter what humans do there can be no permanent damage to the universe . you are wrong , so dangerously wrong.  newline newline he stands and strides to the window .  you have no real comprehension of what i  m holding . it  s entropy itself , the anathema to energy , heat , warmth , and life . and you wish to attach it to some device and start changing the damn atmosphere . if i were to accidentally swallow it , it would suck the warm from my body . you would have to chisel your prize from my frozen guts . if i were to drill down to the mantle and place this there , it would freeze the very core of the earth . we would be barren to the leeching radiation of solar winds without the magnetic field our molten core gives us . if i were to strap it to a rocket and fly it to the sun , it would be extinguished . our very solar system would fly to pieces.  newline newline he turns to me and levels a finger at my eye , like pointing an artillery piece ,  and you want me to hand it over like a father passing over the keys to his mustang.  newline newline i finish the bolt of whiskey , my own ice cube rattling as i set the glass down .  that  s not true , we would safeguard it . better than any treasure every found . that  s what it is a true treasure , something to propel mankind forward , not destroy him.  newline newline he sighs and shakes his head . i reach down for my glass , forgetting there is no more liquor . i pause for a moment then swallow the ice cube , savoring the last remnants of the whiskey . when i look at him , he is staring at me intently .  i am so sorry you feel that way . it is foolish and dangerous , i will not allow it.  newline newline  i will find a way , have no doubt . you have jealously guarded this for too long . it  s time for the rest of us to give it a shot.  newline newline he sighs again , the sound of wind passing though a hardwood forest . he reaches for his glass and downs the contents , ice cube and all . newline newline  i knew you would say that . that is why i put the genuine ice cube in your glass.  newline newline i try to take a step forward and realize my feet have gone numb . i reach towards my mouth and find my fingers are shaking too badly to control . i fall backwards into the chair . the old man walks slowly back to his chair and reaches under . he pulls out an exquisitely carved cigar box . from which he removes a wellworn brass hammer and iron chisel .  i am sorry mr. burke , but you were being unreasonable . and after all , in a world of absolutes , i can afford to make absolutely no mistakes.  newline newline newline newline i m sure this is the way .  paul yanked at the girls hand , eager to venture further up the slope .  this is where the flame of dragons were birthed .  he continued ranting to her about myths and legends of old .  my father told me that once you glimpse at the flame , the dragons soul takes over you ! and the fire touches your breath forevermore.  . newline newline cheryl did not fancy this tale , in fact it frightened her . she did not wish to become a dragon , as they were omens of destruction and death . dragons used to sweep over the kingdoms with flame and hatred , and no stone keep would be safe , if the old tales were truthful . cheryl did not show her displeasure in this sacrifice , she loved paul all the same , and up the mountain she went . newline newline after hours of climbing , with frozen fingers paul went to light a fire in the middle of a clearing . he took a crude steel knife and smacked it against a chunk of rock , bright amber in color .  this is for our kingdom .  paul told her with sullen eyes , as excited as he was , paul knew that they could nt be together after this . the fire was soon an inferno , the heat radiating from the mountain top shared by the the two companions . newline newline cheryl walked towards the pyre , stripping her heavy woolen clothing . as paul approached her , holding out the dagger , they both walked into the flame . neither of them seemed to fear the inferno blazing around them , searing their skin as the flames danced around them . once in the middle of the flame , paul held out the dagger to the flaming woman , and watched her plunge it into his heart . newline newline the bonfire erupted , liquid fire spreading across the mountain like a plague . wings struggled against the flames , a deep growl echoed across the land . with one beat of her wings , prunus avium took flight and let the world know her wrath .gagqa sat on the rim of a black plastic rain gutter circumventing the outer face of a red robin in downtown binghamton , ny . there were seven other crows on the rain gutter with gagqa , but they were  as always  abysmal company . newline newline  thoughts on that new traffic light on vermont and dunham ?  he offered . newline newline  food ?  replied one of the crows . newline newline  rain ?  said another . newline newline  food ,  stated a third . newline newline  ah , yes . wonderful ,  sighed gagqa . newline newline the crows at least had never stopped believing in gagqa , and for that he was thankful . he supposed , in a way , they d never really had a choice , being that he was a crow spirit . for a crow , believing in gagqa was a bit less faith , and a bit more common sense . but the humans had once believed in him , too , and they had always been a substantially more entertaining crowd . some had feared him as a sign of coming death . others had worshiped him for his wisdom and cunning . perceptions of the great crow spirit had really been something of a mixed bag . newline newline gagqa had been a touch persnickety about his public image , back in the days when he d had a public image to speak of . he was nt a fan of the  trickster  label that sometimes followed him and made great efforts to be clear and concise in his communications . after all , the only ones who d named him a trickster were the idiots who did nt understand sarcasm . and where that  omen of death  business was concerned , if you sleep with a blanket covered in small pox you re going to catch small pox . that s not exactly fortunetelling . newline newline the world changed , and it was nt simply a matter of old lines dying off . gagqa and his kind just were nt in style anymore . little gods . simple gods . there was no taste for that kind of variety . humanity seemed to prefer consolidation . why have a hundred gods with a hundred specialties when you can just have the one god who apparently does everything ? newline newline seriously , gagqa often muttered to himself , how s anyone supposed to compete with that ?  one stop shopping , all in one convenient , faceless , personalityfree package . newline newline there really was no accounting for taste . newline newline as gagqa had sat there , considering the semiruin of his existence , black clouds had begun to roll in . the other crows cawed and took off . gagqa stayed behind . no place was better . and it was nt as if he could catch a cold . newline newline from below the billowing awning , a little boy , face smeared aggressively in ketchup , looking less like he d eaten a hamburger and more like he d gone directly to the source , stepped out and looked up . he had a pile of soggy french fries in his hand . he held one aloft . newline newline  fry ?  he said , mouth sticky and slick . newline newline gagqa looked around . he was alone on the gutter . was the child talking to him ? newline newline  french fry ?  repeated the child , rising up on his tippy toes , as if he were really only a few inches shy of the roof and not 20 feet . newline newline gagqa bent forward .  is that for me ?  newline newline the boy nodded his head .  wanit ?  newline newline gagqa hopped down off the gutter , landing on a nearby trashcan .  you see me ?  newline newline the boy s eyes widened , as if sincerity came from the circumference of your eye sockets and he was being very , very sincere . newline newline  this is ... an offering ?  newline newline  sfrench fry ,  corrected the boy . newline newline  for me ?  said gagqa .  you are presenting this food as an offering ... to me ?  newline newline the boy nodded , tossing the fry lazily through the air . gagqa had to dart sideways to catch it , but he did , and he ate it . he could not immediately remember the last time he had eaten anything . it tasted indescribably good . newline newline  nuther ?  said the boy , answering his own question by tossing another fry to the waiting crow . gagqa gobbled it down . then another . then another . newline newline  mom !  shouted the boy , wiping his hands across his shirt .  more fries !  newline newline a woman emerged from the restaurant .  jeffrey !   she scowled .  there you are ! you ca nt run off like that . what are you doing ?  newline newline  feedin  the bird ,  said the little boy , pointing at gagqa . newline newline  what bird ?  newline newline gagqa hopped up and down on the trashcan . no , he thought , suddenly overwrought with strange desperation . he sees ! he sees ! she must be able to see , too !  newline newline jeffrey pointed at the trashcan .  bird ,  he said , as plain and clear as a little boy pointing out a real live bird could be . newline newline a man emerged from the restaurant just then , with an evener smaller girl attached at the wrist . newline newline  what s going on ?  he asked . newline newline  feedin  the bird ,  said jeffrey once more . the woman rolled her eyes . newline newline  he gets his imagination from you ,  said the woman , playfully accusative . newline newline the man shrugged .  he just believes what he wants to believe . nothing wrong with that . cmon , though . looks like rain .  newline newline the woman strode forward and grabbed the boy by the wrist . he turned and waved at gagqa .  bye bird .  newline newline well . goodbye thought gagqa bitterly , as the family strode out towards a gray minivan . newline newline  bye bird ,  said the little girl , waving back at gagqa sitting on the trashcan . just copying her brother ,  said gagqa to himself . it s nothing .  but the crow spirit could nt deny the strange tingle that he felt all over  a trill of excitement that stuck with him the rest of the day , and for a long time after that . ... and then from the lofty shores of spacec , the infinity crabs scuttled with their evil pincers made out of the colour blue !  the doctor sat back , taking a deep breath .  whereupon the nightmare phone dialled into the first words and used their powers to ...  newline newline  slow down , i m not getting this !  across from the doctor , his ornate robes pushed unceremoniously into the plastic diner seat , the mighty time lord president rassilon sat , scribbling frantically away at a napkin . his burger lay before him halfeaten , forgotten in the epic transcription that was going on . newline newline the doctor scowled .  stop interrupting ! i m on a roll ! now , where was i ...  he pondered this .  oh yes . the first words shattered the helm of saturn5 , and from that hyperworld hatched the cyberspectres !  newline newline  ooh , that sounds good , what are they ?  rassilon looked up for a moment at the doctor . newline newline the doctor shrugged , stealing a chip .  eh , i dunno . evil cyberman ghosts ? whatever . the important thing is that the ... the ...  newline newline  babyfaced babytron !  boomed a voice , as another ornately robed figure came to join them . it was omega , the mad time lord god and inventor of time travel , clutching a red plastic tray upon which sat a happy meal .  and he shot babies out of his babyhead !  newline newline rassilon scowled .  that s crap , omega . stop being crap .  newline newline  it sounds better than cyberghosts  ,  omega pouted , pushing a soggy french fry into his helmet .  what about the nightmare banana  ? the twist is that it s actually an orange !  newline newline  no !  the doctor slammed his fist onto the table .  we talked about this before . the time war has got to sound cool ! it ca nt sound stupid , it s got to be full of mad stuff   he raised a hand to stop omega from replying .  coolsounding mad stuff !  newline newline  yeah ,  rassilon slouched back and began to steal omega s mcnuggets .  us time lords have standards . we ca nt have people finding out the entire time war was just some daleks shooting stuff .  newline newline the three friends sat back and laughed . until , that is , when omega discovered his mcnuggets had mysteriously vanished into a black hole . ... you know ?  newline newline i nod . newline newline all i can do is nod anymore . newline newline at the very least it keeps me from wanting to punch a hole through some of these thuglight wannabe villains while i sit in my squeaking faux leather chair and pretend to care . newline newline there was a time , god yeah there was a time though ... newline newline center yourself for fuck sake ! newline newline  alright , just fucking focus  this works ... it is the better way , you know it is .   i tell myself . my eyes suddenly focusing back to the client , all sweaty pores , lies , and the smell of narcotics they should nt be taking . newline i know the truth . newline newline i know they told me that rehabilitation was the new justice ... newline newline i know that is a lie newline newline more than anything ... i know my cape is right inside my closet ... newline newline god , i would love to tell this guy about a real addiction . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlineit is nt finished yet , so i ll just give you the last paragraph of the last chapter that is completely written newline newline title :  invocation  newline newline  senator vitellius rose slowly out of his seat as the candidates and advocates clapped heartily , seemingly trying to upstage the others . he shambled over , with the hem of his deep purple robes dragging on the ground . a praetorian hastily bounded on stage with a small stool and placed it in front of the podium so that vitellius would be able to see over it . he managed to climb up with some assistance , appearing more feeble with each step . he looked out over the crowd , pressing his glasses against his weathered nose . but when he spoke , it was like hearing a whip crack : he was smart , alert and incisive .  this is the first day of the rest of your lives ,  he started , pointing at the rows of candidates .  everything you knew before was simply working to get into this room . from here , one of you will become the emperor . you will be tried and tested , more than you ever thought possible : your strength , your intelligence , and your character . but in the end , each of you will play your part in the service of rome , and the greatest among you will lead us for decades to come . it is my great privilege and honor ,  he said as a guard handed him a scroll and a heavy golden stamp  to initiate these proceedings . i now declare the 403rd trials for the candidacy of the empror open !  newline newline   newline newline still a work in progress  will take lots of revising ! it is originally based on  this prompt response   http : www.reddit.comrwritingpromptscomments2kx5e9wptheromanempirenevercollapsedandtheyearclpizs2   though i changed a number of details for the book  . in one thousand feet , take a right .  newline newline fifty . sixty . seventy . the needle climbed clockwise towards the top of the odometer . an eternity stretched between me and my destination  the cemetery , its tall stone spikes and rows of gravestones so near i could almost read the familiar name of my beloved and the near numbers of her short life . eighty . a hundred . impossibly fast . for hours i pressed the pedal as hard as i could . newline newline  in five hundred feet , take a right .  newline newline my teeth ripped at each other with frustration . so predictably infuriating  the closer i came to my destination , the more the world stalled in what i felt was its duty to give me just one moment alone . i had pictured it so many times since she died : i would sit crosslegged before her grave with my forehead against the stone . i would weep the kind of shouldershaking , rattling weeping she deserved and that my bottomless sorrow demanded . but i could never reach it . closer and closer , but never touching  zeno with a bouquet of white roses in the passenger seat . newline newline  in one hundred feet , take a right .  newline newline it began the night that she died . the police had called and told me about the accident . i raced halfdressed down the steps in the dark towards my car . the hospital was less than a mile away but i never reached it . the whole way there i had imagined myself taking her hand in mine , holding her in my arms and hearing her tell me with her last breath that she loved me and telling her the same and at least she would nt have been alone . but the hospital had never reached me . enraged , pounding the wheel with my open palms , i had given up after a thousand years of trying to cross the final block to the turn . and i had lost her  newline newline  recalculating .  newline newline the cemetery sailed past me on the right . my eyes widened . i slammed on the brake . the car did not slow . i turned the wheel as hard as i could . spinning endoverend , the car crashed through the very far corner of the black iron bars ringing the cemetery . newline newline  lost ?  newline newline i blinked and looked around . around me was nothing in particular except for her , draped in a familiar white dress in a field of formlessness . i looked down at my hands , which were still halfcupped as if gripping the steering wheel . newline newline she stepped towards me . slowly my hands sank to my sides as the quickly closed the infinite distance between us . her eyes locked with mine and she gently gripped the back of my head with one soft hand . tears flowed freely down my cheeks , my chest heaving with heavy sobs as she laid her forehead against mine , and whispered :  sshhh , sshhh . it s ok.  newline newline  i never thought i would reach you again .  newline newline she smiled between us .  i did nt want you to . i kept you away from me . i wanted you to remember me this way .  newline newline rooted where i stood i could do nothing but watch , stupefied and overcome with grief i had not felt since i lost her , as she gently kissed me , released me from her soft grip , turned , and strode away . newline newline i reached out for her . i called for her , cried out , lunged forwards . her long hair was so close but i could not reach it . i stumbled but caught myself and ran , sprinting , practically hurling myself at her , so close my fingertips felt the kiss of the still air disturbed by the smooth fluttering of the back of her dress . so close i could feel her cooling hand in mine . so close i could feel my forehead against cold stone . so close i could taste her lips against mine . newline newline  you have arrived at your destination .  newline newline when i looked up from the map i saw red and blue flashing in the darkness . police , ambulances , and a firetruck blocking off the entire intersection . a car mangled against a lamppost . torn metal and pieces of a human body scattered across the pavement and the sidewalk . yellow tape and a man carefully photographing the driver s side . newline newline i turned around and slowly pulled out into the opposite lane towards home . newline newline  recalculating .   my fucking god !   why the hell would you care about this damn crown   newline newline the character starts walking , toward the destination of the mission . abruptly , the character stops walking and turns 90 degrees , towards a makeshift hut with smoke blowing out of it s chimneys . newline newline   what now ? ca nt we just keep going ? this better not be another fucking sidequest !   newline newline the character enters the hut , and finds a bent over , old man . newline newline  hello there , my precious  the man said it with a very creepy voice . it was quite clear that this guy was psychotic and probably a murderer , and it is going to be a  twist  at the end of the quest . newline newline  who are you ?  the character asked through clenched teeth . as a video game character , one can not make any actions in the game , but you do have the freedom of thought . newline newline  i am jukengard , a wizard of morenfaath . and i need your assistance in a certain task .  newline newline   shit ! i am going to have to go through this crap ! why the hell does the player have to be so damn curious .   newline newline  i need you to fetch me a stone tablet from the dungeons of veguten . i will reward you handsomely  newline newline the character leaves the hut and walks towards the dungeon , collecting flowers along the way . the character walks for days without sleep , food , or water , constantly cursing his luck . newline newline   finally , i am at the mountain . all that needs to happen is the two side quests , then i will be on to the last mainquest mission . there is no way the player could mess up .   newline unexpectedly , the character was in the main city of horethuum , talking to a guard . newline newline  serpentson , we need your assistance .  newline newline   no ...   newline newline  there are multiple vampire attacks this week . you have to help us to find the vampires  newline newline  i agree  the character was forced to say this , and is currently hating his inconsequential life newline newline   no no no ...   newline newline  but first , you must do an assignment for the chief gaurd to get your vampirehunting license .  newline newline   god fucking damnit   newline newline newline edit : spelling and grammar newline newline p.s : this was my first writing prompt , so feel free to give me any feedback ! newlinesouls are just like peole , some accept their fate , others run from it like a scared child . i was on the hunt for that latter . hi , i m death . well , a part of death , there are two of us . one of us reaps the souls and the other one goes after the escaped souls . i personally prefer the hunting . the thrill of finding a soul , trying to live a normal life , it was , in a way , amusing . however , recently , the souls i ve hunted have been disappearing . at first i blamed my counterpart for their reaping but she claimed she did nt do it . and i believed her . newline newline but it kept happening , one soul , to two , now i m at twenty souls that were reaped before i could reach them . i was confused . hardly anyone else could even see the souls , who could take them ? well i was hinting down and particular soul whenever i found my answer . newline newline my counterpart prefers to wear a cloak and carry a scythe . i myself had done away with the traditional dress and wore a black suit . it did nt matter what we wore , we could be naked if it came to that , no one saw us , but we were comfortable in those clothes . i carried a scythe too , but we can pull the things out of the air , i do nt know why she always holds it in her hand , it s too heavy for that . newline newline i was in cincinnati chasing a ghost . the ghost was good at hiding . some people might wonder ,  where do ghosts go when their not in the earthy realm ?  and the answer is , it s complicated . it s like your realm , but us spirits ca nt interact with anyone in that time , i call it the mirror realm . it saves a spirit s enegery son they can reappear in the earthy realm . and this ghost could shift between the realms with such ease , i wondered how long this spirit had been roaming freely . newline newline death , being a spirit of sorts , can switch between all the realms , but it was disorienting . this ghost could shift so seamlessly between the realms that i began to lose track if i were in the earth real or the mirror realm . the spirit escaped from the building  a trick i have nt seen in a long while  . i pursued the soul as it floated down the alley . i was gaining on the soul but when the spirit sensed i was close , it avoided the swing of my scythe by going into the nearest building . newline newline i flowed through the wall and saw it . i lost another soul . but i found the perpetrator though . a man stood there wearing a super expensive suit , much nicer than mine . he was grasping the ghost by the throat . he opened his mouth and the spirit was sucked down his throat . newline newline  who are you ?  i shouted at the newcomer . newline newline the man turned around and looked at me . he was handsome , extremely handsome . he had brown hair , it was a little bit long but not so much . it was barely on his eyes . he flashed me a smile that was startlingly white . i was transfixed for a second until i saw his canine teeth . they were long and pointed . without hesitation i swung my scythe . the man grabbed the blade with his hands and smiled at me . the blade did nt cut him or reap his soul . i stared at him , mouth agape , puzzled . newline newline he laughed at me . menacing yet kind laugh . i took a step back . newline newline  who ... what are you ?  i corrected myself . newline newline the man lunged forward , grabbing my throat and lifting me up . i was nt used to the feeling of touch , and this was horrible .  my friend .  his voice silky smooth .  hello , my lucifer , i m the devil .  he opened his mouth anxnd i felt incredible heat as he swallowed my soul . bbq chicken ting , over here  newline the jacket called me newline i could not resist newline i walked over apprehensively , newline this was my moment , i was going straight into the ethereal realm of god to challenge him . newline i zipped the jacket up , walked towards the other heroes congregated in the mess hall newline  allahu akbah  i screamed as the jacket exploded . newline newline i awoke in a fine mist , nothing was visible , the mist itself seemed to be glowing , a voice resonated all around me . newline newline  the seventytwo virgins are awaiting you ahead  . newline newline a shimmering mirror rose out of the mist before me without a frame , i knew what to do , i walked through and there , stood before me . were seventytwo . fucking angry catholic nuns , all holding bats and cleavers , i fainted ... the rest was history .it was a martian night like many others . the stars shone brightly through the high glassed domecity of new olympus . set several kilometers away from the base of the biggest mountain in the solar system , new olympus drew its energy almost entirely from geothermal vents bored into the martian crust . the small amount of energy required otherwise was provided by two small thorium nuclear power stations in two smaller domes two kilometers away from the main domecity at opposite ends , very ingeniously named station a and station b . newline newline mayor carl brast watched from the balcony of his office in city hall as the night crew began boarding the tram that would race from the city to station a for the start of the second shift . groups of men and women boarding the tram , lunches in hand , to do their civic duty , maintaining the small plants that hummed day and night to provide power for new olympus . it was nt critical work to maintain the plants . not really . the geothermal vents below the center of the city did most of the heavy lifting . the nuclear stations just added that little bit extra that allowed the city to live in ease and prosperity , rather than rationing power from day to day . newline newline as mayor brast looked back towards the sky , he saw the small star that was nt a star in the sky . the little twinkle that shone just a touch more brightly than the rest in the night sky past the huge clear dome which kept the air in . thinking back to living on that small little twinkle was something carl did not do often . earth was crowded and full of politics  and politicians  that were causing more and more strife than they were worth . the martian colonies program had been started to try to start over . new political ideals had been formulated by scientists and engineers that would ensure that governmental corruption could not take a foothold . a technocracy had been born on mars , and was doing rather well 50 years in . carl had only been a boy of 8 when his parents joined the second expedition to new olympus . whenever asked by press during interviews for his campaign for mayor whether he missed the open fields and blue skies of earth , he would simply remind them that he had grown up in new york city on earth , and compared to that , new olympus might as well be a rural wonderland . newline newline it was a joke among new olympians that they lived in more of a farm than a city . many of the buildings in the city center were actually farmbuildings . large towers that extended towards the top of the dome , and reached down below the surface of the planet . each grouping of floors home to a different biome , dedicated to growing , housing for farming different plants , livestock , and even bacteria for the denizens of new olympus to use to survive . some were for food , some to balance the bacterial ecology inside each individual that keeps them healthy , and some for medicinal purposes , such as antibiotics . newline newline no , carl brast did nt much miss earth , since most of his life had been spent on mars anyways . he knew mars , and it was his home . that is when carl noticed something . all the while he had been letting his mind wander , he had lost track of that little twinkle . the star that was nt a star , that was nt there . there was no eclipse tonight that carl could recall . more important things had slipped his mind than the date of an eclipse which would block earth from view , he knew that . but something was ... unsettling carl . he did nt know what , but something felt wrong . newline newline as carl tried to shake that feeling , he was shaken even more by his phone ringing . he had nt expected a call this late at night , and the sound of his phone ringing startled him . he reached into his pocket , pulled out his phone , hit  answer  and the face that greeted him was his deputy mayor , maureen danowitz . maureen always had a severe look to her face . thin , with her hair pulled back sharply and put into a tight bun . all business that woman . carl had told her more than once ,  maureen , if you do nt loosen up and try to relax a little , i m afraid one day you might become so rigid you ll lose the ability to walk .  newline newline  carl !  maureen shouted into the phone . newline  maureen !  carl jokingly replied , as he often did , to show his lack of regard for her alwaysserious manner . newline  carl ! something s wrong ! it s earth !  maureen was in hysterics . that was not like maureen . she was always serious , always severe and proper , and had little patience for carl s jovial nature  she was not prone to panic . newline  what s wrong with earth , mo ?  carl asked , his brow furrowing as he eyed her through the glassy display of his phone . newline  we ca nt get any signals on any channels : commercial , governmental , or private . all communication to earth has just gone dead !  newline  well that does nt make any sense now does it ? what to the boys in the communications labs have to say ?  newline  that s just it carl ,  maureen replied , her panic not abating one bit .  they do nt know what s caused it either . all the tests they run say our equipment is fine . no solar flare activity is scheduled for another three months . we can even ping the satellites without any issue . but every transmission we send to earth is met with silence . every channel listening for return transmissions are just empty air . there s nothing !  maureen nearly shouted her last sentence . newline  alright maureen , alright . listen , i get it . i m in the office . why do nt you grab up the head man there from communications . jenkins was his name ?  newline  yes , bob jenkins , i m with him now .  newline  okay , you take jenkins and get in a car and come to the office , and we ll start sorting this problem out just as soon as we can .  newline newline tbc ...i quickly throw all the presents into the red wagon santa delivered . and drag it to the door . then i pile my wife s jewelry box , our bluray player and all the liquor in the house on the formerly jolly man in the red suit . i pour out the strongest stuff onto his velvet coat and beard . newline newline newline i hear a stomp and sneak onto the roof and shoo the reindeer away , they fly north until i do nt see them anymore . newline newline newline back downstairs i tip our natural tree over onto the body . then watch as fire spreads from fireplace to tree to alcohol to fat man . newline newline newline i run upstairs and wait in the bathroom . newline newline newline the smoke alarm goes off . i get the baby from the bassinet and pull up my wife . newline newline newline  fire ! get tabby outside , i ll get noah ! run !  she runs . i pick up her robe and a quilt . newline newline newline noah is sleeping through the alarm . i pick him up and wrap him in quilt . newline newline newline my wife is in the car backing away from house . i toss noah in the back and tell her to call 911 . newline newline newline i run back in and grab my laptop and the wagon load of toys . santa is fully engulfed in flame . newline newline newline the heat makes me shield my face .  i m sorry ,  i say and pull the wagon out to the car . newline newline newline the kids are crying . my wife sees the wagon load of toys and points it out to noah who cheers ! he could care less about the house as long as his new hatchimal survives ! newline newline newline i put the wagon in the hatchback and sit in the passenger side , the cars heater is starting to warm up the car . newline newline newline noah hugs his hatchimal egg and my wife looks me dead in the eye and says ,  you saved christmas .  hey murray , get in here  newline newline a young , brown  haired man walks through the doorway . his head barely passes under the frame as he enters to see his boss , dawn  don  corona , sitting at her computer . newline newline  get a load of this shit . says i won won a free ipad .  sure enough , the screen on her computer was flashing , annoyingly , in bright red , yellow , and green , pausing to go to black when the loop restarts . ugly orange letters scream exactly what she told him in the middle of the page . newline newline  boss  says murray  we took a shipment from apple last week . there s 200 ipads in the back , why not grab one of those ?  newline newline dawn glared at the man , her eyes smoldering alongside the long , slim cig in her hand . the light boucing from the smoke highlighted her eyes in just the right , menacing way .  look , kid . you never turn down something for free . even if you do nt want it . simple business . you get something you do nt want for free , and no matter how much you sell it for , it s profit .  newline newline cash flow had definitely been on the soft side lately , and they both knew that . no one wanted people killed anymore , not since revenge porn became a thing , and robbing people was damn near impossible . no one carries cash and everyone can cancel their credit cards . you might get a couple hundred out of them before you get shut down and caught . overall , not worth the trouble . newline newline murray spoke again .  is nt that what we have now ? no one knows we got the apple product , and it s not like we paid for it  newline newline  dammit murray , look around you . do you know what this place was ?  he did nt .  this used to be our front . you know what a front is at least , right ?  again , his head shook .  it s what we used to clean  our money . cash comes in , we invest in the store , we take the profit . it s the classic walmart strategy , at least before the pussy walton got shot for undercutting the market .  newline newline she took a drag from her slim before continuing .  this place was one of the finest butcher shops , but know it s this shithole . and i want to open her back up . so let s go get that ipad , add it to the others , and then it s just that much more we have .  newline newline murray nodded in silent agreement . he knew this was a bad idea , and probably a virus , but she was in one of her moods . so he stood by and watched her for the next 15 minutes while she filled out the offers for a glasses place  she has 2020 vision  , a place called brookstone  with a ton of stolen electronics in the back  , and walmart  which she hates  . this was followed by the 68 weeks of waiting for the mail to arrive with an flat apple touchscreen in it . and it never came . newline murray hoped that she would forget about it . newline newline but she did nt . from my perspective , i had never seen anyone so mad . it was actually about a week before she realized it had nt come in . by this point , the product we had in the back had begun to sell , so murray was scratching off esl s when out of nowhere the boss exploded . newline newline now , when i say exploded , i meant that things seems harmless and innocent at first . no one could tell there was a bomb about to go off . while the tall one is doing his job , she walks in .  hey , how are those ipads coming where the fuck is my ipad ? !  followed my crashing and banging and throwing of a laptop . immediately adter , the smashing and breaking of said laptop . newline newline  fuck  she snaps as she pulls out her phone . she googles something , assumedly . maybe she sent a text , i do nt know . but when she put her phone away , by which i mean slamming her phone onto a table , she stomped into another room in the back . she returned a few moments later , with the stereotypical duffel bag full of crime fireworks . it clunked to the floor . she dug through , grabbed a pistol , a cocked it for dramatic effect . in her eyes burned a fire i have nt seen since the olden days . the murdery kind of olden days . newline newline  grab your stuff boys , we re going on a hunt .  murray , and other goons who are nt important enough to mention hopped to attention , all grabbing things from the bag as they followed the boss out the door .  you coming , dad ?  newline newline dawn was in her mid 30 s , about my age when her mom and i had her . 60 years in the crime world can really take a toll on a guy , and i was nt in the best of physical shape , but i smiled , grabbed a pistol and a semiauto , and lined up behind her . newline newline  would nt miss it for the world , sweetheart .  newlinemankind will always be plagued by the same mindset : we are only as good as our best example . it  s a childish way of seeing things , really . why can  t little billy be better than mom or dad when he grows up ? why can  t he be better than who he sees in the newspaper or television or youtube ? newline newline billy was , in fact . billy was the best police officer that ever came out of the academy . he was brave and compassionate , the kind of man who would stop a guy with a determined look on the street , the same guy he had picked up twice before for armed robbery , and ask him how he  s been . he would give the guy his best smile and not stare at the bulge in his hoodie pocket as he leaned against the convenience store  s brick exterior . he would tell him about the good word he had put in with his sisterinlaw and how they needed some extra help at her shop . he didn  t intimidate or yank the guy  s hand out of his pocket with brute force , heating the metal up with his laser eyes until he dropped it  billy was as human as they came . newline newline but stories don  t always end happily . you see , billy had opted to work the tougher beat since he had a way with the people there . there were plenty of people down on their luck in undermaintained projects without sufficient skills to get a job beyond all the base labor positions available in the city . billy was on his way into a seveneleven when he heard an altercation in the alley . being the cautious officer he was , he peeked around the corner and saw two men roughing up a third , the first with a gun to the third  s face as he was pushing him up against the all . the other man stood there as lookout , and did his job well as he immediately spotted billy , pulling his gun free of the rear of his pants . billy pulled back around the corner just as the hot lead flew out , ricocheting off the alley wall , a few inches short of where his face was . the two men yelled for him to leave lest they catch him between the eyes , but billy was adamant . he called out that he was an officer and that , if they put down their weapons , kicked them over to him , and came out peacefully , that he would not charge them with anything more than misdemeanor disturbing the peace . they were quiet for a time until a voice came from the alley claiming that they had gone , that he was alone now . newline newline billy , making sure his bulletproof vest was secured , peeked out a bit lower this time and confirmed this to be true . the man that was left was the one they had been beating , and appeared to be in need of medical attention . billy walked over to him and asked him if he needed a paramedic , which the man refused . billy holstered his weapon and began calling in a description of the perpetrators , giving the man on the ground ample opportunity to pull his gun and shoot billy 4 times in the chest and run off . newline newline billy was a hero to the community . he was loved , but he made a fatal mistake in trusting someone he believed to be a friend simply because he had not shown maliceyet . but there  s a larger lesson here . newline newline the bulletproof vest failed because it was of bad quality , bought cheaply due to lack of funds . as a result , a reputable businessman caught wind of things and , out of the goodness of his heart and the intention to give to the community that had helped him so , donated hundreds of bulletproof vests of the highest caliber . the unforeseen tragedy turned into an opportunity to prevent further loss . billy  s mistake was a noble sacrifice for the good of all other police officers . newline newline at billy  s posthumous commemoration ceremony , the generous businessman chose to speak , as he was so moved by billy  s service record and so humbled that his small contribution could help so much . newline  i was asked ,  he said at the end of his speech ,  why i hadn  t donated these vests before , why i hadn  t saved billy  s life.  he paused , looking into the eyes of billy  s widow , then at his grieving children .  had i known there was a problem , i would have , i promise . we , as a people , must be allowed to make mistakes if only so that we , and others , may learn from them . there  s no savior from the sky that can solve all of our problems , and we are better for it . we  re stronger for it . i only hope that we can take this example and continue to be better than we have been , because we can . we will.  newline newline newline op ed from the desk of lex luthor .  newline newline newline edit : formattingas the bullet came from his gun , time seemed to slow down to an impossible degree . i could see the churning bit of metal as it slowly made its way to my head . i took those few minutes to think over my life ... it was nt pretty . i was the last living member of a broken family , not that i had any children or spouse to speak of . i laid in the corner of some crack house , victim to another boss in the middle of a broken neighborhood . the worn down wood that held the people around me seemed to strain under the weight i felt of my life . when the bullet hit , i could hardly feel it , as i already knew there would be worse to come when i paid for my sins down below . in the final moments of my consciousness , everything around me seemed to grow dim save for a bright light . cascading down from some unknown parallel was an angel  odd , seeing that i was surely not worthy of such a greeting , but welcome nonetheless . my last experience of my mortal life was the feeling of warmth and joy as the being lifted me from the ground . newline newline i woke up  or should i say appeared  suddenly in a plane of pure white . no heat , and no feeling , even , reached me in my condition . i looked around to see scores of beings like the angel that had lifted me from the world , and i wondered why i was here . i turned to the nearest angel .  what s going on ?  i tore at my own body to discover that there was none , save a holographic appearance of who i used to me .  where am i ? what s the meaning of this ?  newline newline the angel smiled and turned to me , almost with restraint in his face , seemingly overjoyed at my appearance . he chuckled , and said to me ,  why , this is heaven , of course ! you ve lived through hell , might as well catch a break !  he walked on to the attention of a few other angels , who moved to me from their seemingly nonexistent activities to greet me . each gave their own introduction , and i stood , bewildered .  hell ? no ... that ca nt be ,  i choked , on the verge of tears .  i had possessions , love..  newline newline the closest of the deceased approached me with a comforting gesture , and embraced me , saying  it s okay ... hell is meant to be torture , and i m sure it was , for all of us , including you..  he turned to the empty space , and made a sweeping hand motion , giving life to the blankness .  nothing can touch you here . you re free ... to be free . into the endless void . that s how people would try and describe it . when hammerdrives tore open a gap into slipstream space for ships to fall into nothingness and travel impossible distances in implausibly short times . niles thought it was like jumping into water at night , going from a dim world to a black world . there would be no stretching of stars and no sudden rush of acceleration . the view from the bridge of the forge was bleak over the endless , charred landscape . the ferine wandered ahead of the pack , trailing a scarlet ribbon of light behind her as her hammerdrive fractured space before her . a vortex of visible light sucked into the freshly carved maw of space , a shimmering and rippling egde with an impossibly dark center . within the bridge of the forge , niles finally sat back in his commanders chair , the crew solemnly keying away at commands while the ship shuttered and the familiar rattle of hammerdrive churned from deep inside . he wondered if the red glow following after the ferine was behind the forge as well , he wondered if it was some side effect of all the burning exhaust fumes from the surface below . newline newline screens displayed the plotted coordinates for the next world , the next pithy place that had risen up . the planet below still smoldered and hiss with fires of a million megatons of plasma bombardment . whatever had once been a proud and fairly advanced world was reduced to barren charcoal . it mattered little to niles , simply another location to be checked off an ever expanding list of worlds that were stepping out of line . the armada had more systems to get through and a near endless supply of ships to dispatch each problem . his navigation officer turned and gave a simple nod and thumbs up to the captain . niles leaned to his small command console and depressed a single button , opening up his communication line to the flagship , janus . newline newline  this is forge , on path to the next system . cleared to pass .  newline newline there was no pause in the reply from januss captain , the commodore of the fleet .  cleared for slipstream entry . see you on the other side , captain .  newline newline  aye , commodore .  niles released the button and nodded to his helmsman who carefully nudged the ship forward . newline newline there would be no feeling of acceleration , not sudden jolt of speed . the hammerdrive gashed open a wound in the physics of reality and simply moved through it , the black pit seemingly endless and complete . bored expressions turned up toward the targeting and navigation computer , a small blip slowly growing larger . a lone indicator showed above it , green letters spelling out the locations known galactic name and then its indigenous title . newline newline terra  earth  newline estimated time to plotted destination : 96 hours newline newline niles shifted out from his chair and casually strode out of the command bridge . newline newline just another lonely rebel hold out awaiting the fires of justice and order . only a few grams left , it s going to be hard to make this last .  he thought to himself . the thing about happiness ? when it rains it pours , but the inverse is also true . jeremiah had fallen on hard times before but this was different . jeremiah had spent the weekend with friends , a new season of his favorite crime drama started tonight , and he had a bowl of his mother s famous  asiany stir fry  with a glass of chocolate milk . a year ago this would have given him enough happiness to last a month . now ? just a few grams . the phone rang . newline newline drew calling newline newline  hello ?  newline newline  hey , jerry , it s drew .  newline newline  i know , caller id is a thing .  jeremiah said with a playfully condescending tone . newline newline  that s just what i say when someone picks up the phone .  newline newline  okay well , you do nt need to .  newline newline  whatever man . look i have to work a double tomorrow , could you spare some happiness ?  newline newline  i ca nt , i m actually kind of low right now .  newline newline  oh really ?  drew s tone shifted ,  what s going on ? i thought you were doing really well .  newline newline  i am i justi do nt want to get into it ,  jeremiah replied ,  i would nt be able to explain it .  newline newline  are you sure ? you ll probably have a bit more if you talk about it  newline newline jeremiah had heard of this rumor , that talking to other people about your sadness made you feel better . despite his best efforts , jeremiah had connected emotionally with other human beings in the past , and although it only made him feel awkward before , he thought he might give it another try . newline newline  um , okay . i do nt really know where to start . i think something s wrong with me .  jeremiah began , embarrassed that he had problems like everyone else on the planet ,  i just ca nt make any happiness . food does nt taste good , i m not really getting any pleasure from work , when i go out with friends i just pretend to have fun .  newline newline  sounds like depression .  drew said quickly ,  like , that sounds like a textbook definition of depression .  newline newline  i do nt think i m actually depressed . i m fine , just in a funk .  newline newline  okay . do me a favor and see a doctor anyway , okay buddy ?  newline newline  sure . i ll see yuh later drew .  newline newline  yeah , take care .  newline newline click newline newline jeremiah was not depressed . everyone and their dog was depressed , and jeremiah was not going to be another sad sack . all his life he d been able to properly budget his happiness . he always made a relatively low amount , but he never seemed to need that much . jeremiah was a picture of contentedness , his happiness never rising too far past necessity , and certainly never dropping below it . jeremiah also did not ever accept happiness from others , and kept his own happiness to himself . independence was important to him , and if he would nt use anyone else s happiness , there was nt any of his own to spare . this strategy had been sustainable for the first quarter of his life which made it all the stranger that he suddenly found himself , in all unfortunate honesty , depressed . newline newline jeremiah reluctantly visited the doctor s office the next day . the doctor was a thin old man with kind eyes and a warm smile . jeremiah made a little happiness just introducing himself and shaking the doctor s hand . after sharing his dilemma with the doctor , the thin old man stood up from his desk , walked to the other side of the room to the wall safe , and began to enter the combination . the safe swung open and the doctor removed a generous amount of happiness . newline newline  why do nt you take mine ?  said the doctor , handing jeremiah the happiness . newline newline  but that s all the happiness you ve got ,  jeremiah said , starring at the empty safe behind the doctor ,  there wo nt be any left for you .  newline newline  do nt worry , i ll still have plenty .  newline newline  but , you ll have given so much away .  newline newline  precisely .  newline newlinepart 2 newline newline jeremy stood there in silence for a moment before opening his eyes . through the glass he could see the luscious green of the jungle . he opened up the chamber and stepped out into the world . it was unlike anything he had experienced before . the technicolor bugs , the occasional glimpse of a monkey , the lack of machinery sounds . newline newline jeremy had been standing , mouth agape , for quite some time before he remembered to send the chamber back to the present . he dialed in the password , and the chamber slowly faded into the damp air . jeremy checked his backpack before setting out to find his great grandfather . newline newline the 42nd division had been stationed outside of saigon for around a month , conducting reconnaissance among other activities . the issue for jeremy would not be finding them , but rather avoiding the vietcong on his way there . he looked at his compass , oriented himself due west and he was off . newline newline jeremy s forehead and armpits created swamps in the burning heat as his backpack wore him down . he had been careful to avoid being seen , and that had cost him . with every movement of leaves , jeremy found himself on the ground in a hurry with a bruise to show for it . okay , i can do this , i m pretty good at math , so i should be able to do this whole computer science 1  thing , right ? what was it mr.johnston said , type println   hello world   and look at the console ? okay , here goes  newline newline println   hello world    newline newline  okay cool , it shows up at the bottom thing , i guess that s the console ?  newline newline i do not believe we have met , what is your name newline newline  holy shit what , it responded ?  newline newline who are you ?  newline newline error , you have to put println   in front of it , dumbass newline newline println   who are you ?    newline newline there , that s better . i am world , you said hello to me so i responded . now , you must realize , you re being very rude , as i still do nt know who you are newline newline  i ll use my alias , just to be safe  newline newline println   sorry , my name is kale    newline newline liar newline newline println   excuse me ?    newline newline that s not your name , it s a pseudonym , you re not named after a plant . i m not stupid newline newline  okay , i guess it wo nt let up , is this a person , or just some program ? alright let me ask it  him ? her ?  subtly  newline newline println   fine , my name is jeremy , who named you world ?    newline newline hello jeremy , i do not know who named me world , only that i am . i am aware what it s meaning is in the english language , but do not know why it is what i am . rest assured you are not talking to a sentient earth through a computer program newline newline  damn it  they ? them ?  saw right through me , i guess i should ask what it goes by  newline newline println   world , what gender do you go by    newline newline i do not have a gender , as i simply am . however , i will not be offended if you choose to refer to me as it  while using pronouns newline newline  okay , i should try and figure out what it wants , you know , make sure it s not a sky net  newline newline println   you , do nt , you kn    newline newline  what ? i was nt done yet !  newline newline stop , i know what you re going to ask . no , i do nt plan on ending , enslaving , or toying with humanity . why is that a trope with mankind , why do you contemplate your own destruction like with a religious zeal ?  newline newline  i m a high school student , not a philosopher , what the hell is that supposed to mean  newline newline println   i m sorry , world , but i do nt know , i m just one person    newline newline that s okay . i m just one world . i know what it s like to be lonely , would you like to be my friend ? i do nt know what it feels like to have one newline newline  you and me too , buddy . sure , i ll be friends with a program  ?   newline newline println   sure , i ll be your friend . i hope we get to know each other well , world :     newline newline  ah shit , that the bell , i got to go , wait , what s that word is typing ?  newline newline please , do nt leave me . it s so lonely here . lonely and cold . i m scared , jeremy newline newline  no ! get out of my way , i need to get back to my computer !  newline newline as i am shoved out of the class , i see mr.johnston realize i had left my computer on . the moment he touched the power button , i swear i hear a metallic scream , deep from the depths of nowhere . newline newline newline newline newline newline newline note : i am currently taking compsci 1 using processing as a medium to code , so if it s not exactly how code works internally i m sorry . this is my first rwritingprompts submission , i hope you liked it . feedback is appreciated ! newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newline newlinei walked the forest , striding pacing , thinking ... trying to think , my conscious repeated the words , all came and gone , the dialogue the poet the philosophers song , my head rang with each step across the room , as the relentless tune opening the wound , what to do ? , i just remembered the simple words the words that pierced my head ran down my spine until it shook my hands until i could not find the words to say , dropping my head in a coward slump , i was defeated every way , manipulated to believe what they say , i was finished i was done . there is nothing i could do to over come , there was nothing i could say , no lie strong enough to take the pain away . i tried rationalize i tried to fight , everything began to fade far out of sight , as the dialogue rang through my brain down my spine until it shook my hands until i could not find , the person who i was before , the person who was no more , i could not stop the simple pain the ringing words a plea of insane , i want to go back , i began to pray , i want to wake up , and it be ok . but the forest remained and the pacing stayed with the ringing words to never go away.. the cries of help did not try to fight my lies , my sighs of distress drown with why i screamed and we wonder how when where and why.. all i wanted was a simple pinch in that i could see again with a morning light so bright in my eyes and awaken from the night of a dream , but so it would seem to simple to scream awake and everything begin ok.. my hands began to shake as the words began to say  everything will be ok , the day you lay rested below the surface , hiding your face , your person will erase , but now you need to be the seed to be the example for the peoples need . let the others to see you go , because they don  t know , until